https://www.cui.edu/
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Freedom to Explore
Your Future and Faith

Find Your Program

UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS
GRADUATE PROGRAMS
Find Your Program
Request Info
Schedule a Visit
APPLY NOW
Prepare for All of Your Life's Callings

Experience Christian education that’s uniquely designed to develop the whole person – personally, professionally, and spiritually – at Concordia University Irvine.

Explore Over 60 Programs

Choose from over 60 career-relevant undergraduate and graduate programs offered on campus or online. Learn in small, collaborative classes taught by Christian faculty.

Examine Life's Toughest Questions

Our Enduring Questions & Ideas curriculum will challenge you to explore life’s toughest questions and prepare you with the lifelong skills you need now and into the future.

Grow in Your Faith

At Concordia, you have the option to attend Chapel, Bible studies, mission trips, and more. Here, you can explore the Christian faith and develop your own relationship with God.

Join a Caring Community

Whether you live on our beautiful Southern California campus or earn your degree online, you’ll be part of a close, connected community that’s committed to your growth.

Find Your Major or Program

Develop the hard and soft skills needed to succeed in your life’s callings — plus the tools to adapt to the ever-changing workplace and world. Explore our campus-based undergraduate majors and minors and graduate programs as well as flexible online bachelor’s, master’s, doctoral, and certificate programs.

Undergraduate
 
Graduate
 
Certificate
 
Online
Apply Now

Start your application today. There’s still time to apply!

START YOUR APPLICATION
About Concordia University Irvine

Concordia University Irvine, part of the Concordia University System, is a private, nonprofit Christian university that is proud to be one of the founding institutions of higher education in Irvine, California. For nearly 50 years, we have prepared students for lives of learning, service, and leadership through distinctive Lutheran education. Today, we educate nearly 5,000 students on campus and online, and our alumni network has grown to over 25,000 worldwide. We’re ranked nationally among the “Top Performers on Social Mobility” universities by U.S. News & World Report and a fierce NCAA Division II PacWest competitor. Learn more about our mission, community, and heritage.

Meet Our Concordia Community

Our students, alumni, faculty, and staff are making an impact by serving communities across the nation and around the globe. Here are just a few of their stories.

Anthony R., ’22

Anthony grew up in Orange County and takes pride in his faith. He is a recent graduate of our business administration major and a member of Delta Sigma Pi, a professional business fraternity. He enjoys all of the campus events and being there for others.

Veronica P. ’25

Veronica, a commuter student, feels at home at Concordia and loves all the ways she gets to interact with the community, even though she doesn’t live on campus. She stays involved on campus by being a part of the Theatre Department and loves attending sporting events and cheering on her friends.

Mia Y., M.A. ’22

Before the pandemic, Mia didn’t really see herself as a school leader. But after co-creating the Distance Learning Educators group on Facebook and supporting over 25,000 teachers who were teaching online for the first time during the pandemic, Mia realized her potential as a leader and a resource.

Delainie D. ’24

Delainie manages social media and graphic design for the Sports Business Club and also interns for the Marketing Department. Concordia has given her opportunities to connect with individuals in her desired career field and has helped her truly understand what kind of person she wants to be in the world.

Jessica J. ’19

Jessica was really invested in student leadership and life during her time at Concordia. She returned to Concordia in August 2021 and now oversees the orientation experience and Peer Advising Leaders. She also teaches a course at Concordia!

Amanda N. ’15

Amanda, a first generation student, fell in love with student leadership, which inspired her to work in higher education. Now she has her dream job in Student Affairs and gets to teach leadership development here at Concordia!

Hyung K. ’18

Hyung is a retired Army veteran, and one of his life’s callings is to help people. He loved that Concordia had an accelerated BSN program and, after talking to the Admission Director, he knew it was the school for him. He also works with Concordia’s SSG Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center.



Previous We Are Concordia Story


Next We Are Concordia Story
Upcoming Events

APR

26

	

Handbells Home Concert

 Fri, Apr 26, 2024 7:00 PM

 CU Center




APR

29

	

Spring Honors Recital

 Mon, Apr 29, 2024 5:00 PM

 CU Center




APR

30

	

MHA/MPH Info Night

 Tue, Ap