https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/international-students/study-abroad-for-international-students
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

International Students

Majors, Minors, & Programs
Tuition & Costs
Campus & Location
Scholarships
Ranking, Reputation, & Results
Admissions
F1 Visa Process
Admitted Student Checklist
Intl. Student Resources
Programs Abroad for International Students
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS
Programs Abroad for International Students

Immigration Status:
Taking on a programs abroad can enhance an international student’s educational experience while attending Concordia University. Since international students in the programs abroad program are still enrolled at Concordia, there is no break in their immigration status, even though they are physically outside the US. Therefore, it is important that they are informed of immigration implications while pursuing their studies overseas. To learn about the potential implications of programs abroad on immigration status, F-1 visa students must consult with the PDSO/DSO before finalizing their Programs Abroad plans.

Full-time Enrollment:
Students on programs abroad or permit to study programs, like a regular Concordia student, must always maintain full-time course enrollment. Falling below full-time will result in the termination of one’s immigration record, thus maintaining a full course load is mandatory. Students should remember the following minimum credit hours requirement when selecting their courses:

Level of Study:	Credit Hours per Semester:
Undergraduate	12 credit hours
Graduate/MBA	6 credit hours

Immigration Check-in and Address Update: Students must complete immigration check-in every semester and update their address by going to the International Student on MyRecord.

Optional Practical Training (OPT) and Curricular Practical Training (CPT): Because immigration status is not interrupted by programs abroad, students are eligible for OPT or CPT upon return if they were enrolled full-time for one academic year. Please note, for post-completion OPT students must be physically in the US to apply for OPT authorization from USCIS.

Renewal of F-1 Visa: If a student’s visa expires while studying overseas, he/she needs to apply for a new visa before making travel plans to return to the US. If the visa application is denied, students must obtain a new visa from their home country to return to the US. Students can contact PDSO/DSO with any questions before scheduling visa appointments.

Depending on the programs abroad country, students may be required to obtain a visa for the host country. In some cases, international students may be required to return to their home country to apply for a study abroad visa. Students should plan ahead and make sure they understand all entry requirements to the programs abroad destination as part of the planning process for programs abroad. Please visit the Programs Abroad Website.

Be sure to consult a PDSO/DSO in the Moon International Center to have your immigration documents reviewed and signed before you leave the U.S.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

