https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/international-students/concurrent-enrollment
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

International Students

Majors, Minors, & Programs
Tuition & Costs
Campus & Location
Scholarships
Ranking, Reputation, & Results
Admissions
F1 Visa Process
Admitted Student Checklist
Intl. Student Resources
Concurrent Enrollment
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS
About Concurrent Enrollment

Visa regulations do allow students to take additional classes at another U.S. school while maintaining valid visa status at Concordia University Irvine. Visa regulations require that you have approval from PDSO to enroll at another school while enrolled at Concordia University Irvine. You must also speak to your academic counselor to ensure that your coursework at another school will satisfy degree requirements at Concordia University Irvine.

How to Apply
Step 1: Check Eligibility
The student is currently in valid F-1 status
The combined enrollment amounts to a full-time (12 units for undergraduate / 6 units for graduate) course of study.
The student should not enroll in more than 2 classes at another institution/school during the semester.
The student will take classes at another school during your last semester at Concordia University Irvine, you will need to be enrolled in classes at Concordia University Irvine in addition to the classes you take at another school.
F-1 student on OPT, you are allowed to enroll in classes at another school/institution during your OPT period.
Step 2: Meet Your Academic Advisor

If you meet the eligibility requirements to apply for Concurrent Enrollment, make an appointment with your academic advisor to ensure Concordia University Irvine will accept transfer credit for coursework completed at the second institution.

Step 3: Submit

Submit Concurrent Enrollment Form with Class schedule

Step 4: Pick Up

Pick up the letter from the Office of Global Programs

Note: Processing Time
After you complete and submit the Authorization for Concurrent Enrollment, Concordia University Irvine requires 5 business days for processing.

Concurrent Enrollment
Request Form

This form is for student who wishes to take courses at another institution. The combined credits for which the student is enrolled are the equivalent of a full course of study
(i.e., undergraduates = 12 credits, graduates = 6 credits).

Exceptions:


Summer Enrollment: If it is your last semester at CUI, you must also be enrolled in classes at CUI
For Students on OPT: You are allowed to enroll part-time in classes at another institution during your OPT period.

First Name 
Last Name 
Student E Number 
Email 
Date of Birth 
Phone
Institution Name 
Irvine Valley College
Orange Coast College
Golden West
Saddleback College
Coastline Community College
Other
Term you are requesting to take classes at other college/institutions 
Summer (Full-time enrollment not required at Concordia for Summer courses unless it is your last semester)
Spring
Winter
Fall
Other
Class Information 




Important Notes: (The process will take 3~4 days)

Submit a completed Concurrent Enrollment Request Form for authorization to take class(es) at another school.
An authorization letter will be issued by PDSO authorizing you to take class(es) for the semester you have requested.
You are required to submit a copy of class registration form to PDSO (rachel.kim3@cui.edu) once you have registered for classes at the other school. We must keep this information on file as proof that you are enrolled in 12 units per semester.
You are required to submit an official transcript to PDSO (rachel.kim3@cui.edu) upon completion at the other school.

"I state that the information I have supplied is true and I understand that it is a violation of US law to give false information to the College"

Student's Signature: 

Clear Signature

Date 
SUBMIT
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

