. Always check dates with your advisor before finalizing any trips.

MAED Term Start Dates

Complete your Master's degree in School Counseling by enrolling in our fully online, synchronous program. Learners will take one content course and one practicum/fieldwork experience at a time for most 8 week terms.

APPLY NOW

Success Spotlight
Antonia Brown: Supporting People

As a school psychologist in a public elementary school, and a well-loved adjunct professor at Concordia Irvine, Dr. Antonia Brown creates atmospheres of acceptance and encouragement for others. “We become family with the students,” Brown says. “They have to trust that you’ll support them, point them in the right direction and tell them, ‘You’re doing okay. You’re going to get there.’ Students in my classes have faith and love coming toward them.”

Cohort-based Programs

The MAED in School Counseling cohort-based degree program is directed toward the preparation of school counselors for service in public and private schools in grades K-12 in the state of California. The program is offered online.

Tuition/Fee	Summer '24, Fall '24 / Spring '25
Non-refundable Application Fee: Domestic	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: International	$150
Student Success Fee	$50
Graduation Fee	Graduation Fee
Cost per Unit	$685
EDSC 590 Practicum	$100
Field Work I 400 Hours	$250
Field Work II 400 Hours	$250
Tuition & Financial Aid

Concordia’s School of Education offers a competitively priced online degree program. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

VIEW TUITION & FINANCIAL AID

School of Education

Concordia’s School of Education offers four different teaching credentials, seven distinctive Master of Arts in Education (MAEd) graduate degrees, and a Doctorate of Education (EdD) in Leadership. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. Concordia’s School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their career.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THE SCHOOL OF EDUCATION

Admission Requirements

Applicant must hold a valid bachelor's degree or higher from a regionally accredited institution.

To complete your MAED School Counseling with Pupil Personnel Services Credential admission file you will need the following:

Online application
$50 non-refundable application fee
Official copies of highest degree granting institution transcripts
Cumulative GPA of 2.75 or better
Basic Skills Requirement (BSR) met
Valid Teaching Credential (or Certificate of Clearance)
APPLY NOW
Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
ZIP Code

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

SEND NOW
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

