https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/maed/school-counseling
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

MAED: School Counseling

Program Design 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Meetings
Contact 
Apply Now
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATION: SCHOOL COUNSELING
School of Education
EXPLORE 
School Counseling
Master of Arts in Education

Designed for working educators, this cohort-based Master’s degree program prepares students to serve as public and private school counselors in grades K-12 and meets the requirements of the pupil personnel services credential, which authorizes service as a school counselor in the state of California. Upon successful completion of the program, students will be prepared to work as a school counselor in the state of California. The program is offered online from Concordia University Irvine.

Request Info
Curriculum Overview
Online formats

The MAED in School Counseling requires a minimum of 48 units. MAED coursework focuses on the theory and skills needed by today’s school counselors to work in diverse school settings in areas including: academic, career, personal and social development counseling and guidance; educational assessment; counseling diverse populations and exceptional students; crisis response and management; school-wide prevention and intervention programs; providing consultation, training and professional development for teachers and parents; counseling program development; and law and ethics in schools.

SAMPLE COURSES
EDSC 511: Introduction to School Counseling
3

This course will provide an introduction and overview of basic counseling skills and interpersonal relationship concepts. Students will be introduced to theory, roles, functions, and current issues of school counseling with a focus on basic introductory skills needed by today's school counselors to work with diverse populations in educational and professional settings.


EDSC 514: Growth, Development and Learning
3

This course is designed to provide educational foundations, including human growth and development, learning theory, and academic achievement. In addition to understanding human development across the lifespan as well as factors that impede development, students will be able to identify and apply pedagogical best practices, appropriate evidence-based curriculum, classroom management strategies, and classroom lessons that meet the needs of all learners.


EDSC 519: Program Development
3

This course is designed to teach candidates to plan, develop, implement, and evaluate a comprehensive school counseling program and serves as an introduction to implementing the ASCA model in K-12 school systems. Candidates will use data to articulate the impact of comprehensive school counseling programs and will demonstrate the ability to design, develop, and deliver prevention & intervention programs to have a positive impact on student achievement, attendance, and discipline.


EDSC 522: Theories of Counseling
3

This course will provide an overview of the major theories and techniques of counseling and psychotherapy as the history, prominent figures, and current application of these theories are explored. Current best practices in school counseling in diverse settings, critical examination of major theories in the guided formation of their own personal style, and approach to school counseling will also be emphasized.


EDSC 531: Theory & Practice of Groups in Schools
3

This course focuses on the development, planning, implementation, and evaluation of small groups in school counseling through the lens of theory, research, case studies, and real-world, school-based practice. Candidates will model and demonstrate essential counseling skills in group counseling to address underlying issues impeding student achievement.

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Start Term	Start Date
Summer 1	May 6, 2024
Summer 2	June 24, 2024

All dates subject to change without notice. Always check dates with your advisor before finalizing any trips.

MAED Term Start Dates

Complete your Master's degree in School Counseling by enrolling in our fully online, synchronous program. Learners will take one content course and one practicum/fieldwork experience at a time for most 8 week terms.

APPLY NOW

Success Spotlight
Antonia Brown: Supporting People

As a school psychologist in a public elementary school, and a well-loved adjunct professor at Concordia Irvine, Dr. Antonia Brown creates atmospheres of acceptance and encouragement for others. “We become family with the students,” Brown says. “They have to trust that you’ll support them, point them in the right direction and tell them, ‘You’re doing okay. You’re going to get there.’ Students in my classes have faith and love coming toward them.”

Cohort-based Programs

The MAED in School Counseling cohort-based degree program is directed toward the preparation of school counselors for service in public and private schools in grades K-12 in the state of California. The program is offered online.

Tuition/Fee	Summer '24, Fall '24 / Spring '25
Non-refundable Application Fee: Domestic	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: International	$150
Student Success Fee	$50
Graduation Fee	Graduation Fee
Cost per Unit	$685
EDSC 590 Practicum	$100
Field Work I 400 Hours	$250
Field Work II 400 Hours	$250
Tuition & Financial Aid

Concordia’s School of Education offers a competitively priced online degree program. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

VIEW TUITION & FINANCIAL AID

School of Education

Concordia’s School of Education offers four different teaching credentials, seven distinctive Master of Arts in Education (MAEd) graduate degrees, and a Doctorate of Education (EdD) in Leadership. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. Concordia’s School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their career.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THE SCHOOL OF EDUCATION

Admission Requirements

Applicant must hold a valid bachelor's degree or higher from a regionally accredited institution.

To complete your MAED School Counseling with Pupil Personnel Services Credential admission file you will need the following:

Online application
$50 non-refundable application fee
Official copies of highest degree granting institution transcripts
Cumulative GPA of 2.75 or better
Basic Skills Requirement (BSR) met
Valid Teaching Credential (or Certificate of Clearance)
APPLY NOW
Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
ZIP Code

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

SEND NOW
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

