https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/career-services/handshake
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Career & Vocation
About
College Corps
Students 
Employers/Recruiters
Faculty/Staff
Job Search 
Contact 
Access Handshake
HANDSHAKE
Center for Career & Vocation

Handshake is Concordia University Career Center’s online career services platform.

LOG IN NOW
Use Handshake to…
Discover internship options through searching by major
Search for internships on and off-campus targeted to Concordia students
Connect with employers and students who previously worked for those companies through the comment function on postings and information sessions
Prepare for a successful search by viewing and enrolling in upcoming workshops and career labs
Current undergraduate students already have an account. Log in with your E# and password.
Profile Set Up
When you fill out your Handshake profile…
You’ll show up in more recruiter searches.
You’ll see more relevant job recommendations.

80% of students who complete their profile on Handshake are contacted by an employer.

Make sure your profile is public.
Click “settings & privacy” under your profile icon.
Select “community” to send and receive messages.
Make sure your profile is complete.
Start with your interests and keep it up to date.
Job Type: What kind of job are you looking for? Full-time, part-time, internship, or on-campus?
Location: Where do you want to work? What cities are you interested in?
Roles: Where do you want to work? What cities are you interested in?
Add skills.
Don’t be shy about describing your strengths -- add your skills. Include both technical and soft skills.
Add documents.
Upload your resume.
Add courses.
Add profile picture.
Work Experience
Whether it’s a part-time barista job or your summer volunteering gig, make sure you add any work experience to your profile. Internships, work study, research positions, volunteering -- it all counts!
Graduation Date
Generally, employers recruit seniors for full-time jobs, while other students are recruited for internships and part-time jobs.
Job Search Steps
Step 1 | Sign Up

If you are a current undergraduate student, sign in with your E# and password. If you are a graduate student or alumni then sign up for your Handshake account at cui.joinhandshake.com.

Step 2 | Make It You

Fill out your profile with information about you, your interests, your studies, and what you’re looking for in a job. Make sure you add your preferred locations and job roles.

Step 3 | Discover Jobs

Handshake takes the info you share in your profile to show you full-time jobs and internships that align with your interests and that you’d be a good fit for.

Step 4 | Get Recruited

All of the top employers, including 100% of the Fortune 500, tech start-ups, nonprofits, and more are hiring students like you on Handshake. When you create a profile, they’ll be able to find you and message you about the roles you want.

Step 5 | Apply Easily

On Handshake, you can store your resumes and other documents so they’re ready when you need them. You can even apply to jobs in two clicks with Quick Apply.

Step 6 | No More Wondering

Once you apply, Handshake will send you updates on your application status. And if you have questions, you can explore the Q&A platform and ask peers for advice about interviews, job roles, and more.

Frequently Asked Questions

Do you have questions about how to find a job or internship on Handshake? Don’t worry, you’re not alone. That’s why Handshake compiled answers to the most common questions from college students.

‌
Why should I make a Handshake account if I already use other job sites?

Handshake is the only place that connects you, your school, and employers together. All of the jobs on Handshake are meant for students—in fact, Handshake has the most opportunities for students and new college grads of any job platform. It’s also the only place where employers are recruiting specifically at your school.

‌
Why do I need to fill out my Handshake profile?

Your profile is the key to finding a job or internship on Handshake. When you fill out your profile:

Handshake gives you personalized job recommendations based on the information you provide on your profile—so you can find jobs and internships that are right for you.
You increase your chances of having a recruiter message you directly with job opportunities and event invitations. In fact, 80% of students who fill out their profile receive a message from a recruiter.
‌
Which parts of my Handshake profile are most important to include?

In addition to your major, Handshake also uses your job interests to recommend opportunities to you. Your job interests include:

Job type: select part-time job, full-time job, or internship.
Job location: choose the cities that you’d like to live and work in.
Job roles: select at least three positions that interest you.

TIP: You can change and update your inte