https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/career-services/handshake
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Career & Vocation
About
College Corps
Students 
Employers/Recruiters
Faculty/Staff
Job Search 
Contact 
Access Handshake
HANDSHAKE
Center for Career & Vocation

Handshake is Concordia University Career Center’s online career services platform.

LOG IN NOW
Use Handshake to…
Discover internship options through searching by major
Search for internships on and off-campus targeted to Concordia students
Connect with employers and students who previously worked for those companies through the comment function on postings and information sessions
Prepare for a successful search by viewing and enrolling in upcoming workshops and career labs
Current undergraduate students already have an account. Log in with your E# and password.
Profile Set Up
When you fill out your Handshake profile…
You’ll show up in more recruiter searches.
You’ll see more relevant job recommendations.

80% of students who complete their profile on Handshake are contacted by an employer.

Make sure your profile is public.
Click “settings & privacy” under your profile icon.
Select “community” to send and receive messages.
Make sure your profile is complete.
Start with your interests and keep it up to date.
Job Type: What kind of job are you looking for? Full-time, part-time, internship, or on-campus?
Location: Where do you want to work? What cities are you interested in?
Roles: Where do you want to work? What cities are you interested in?
Add skills.
Don’t be shy about describing your strengths -- add your skills. Include both technical and soft skills.
Add documents.
Upload your resume.
Add courses.
Add profile picture.
Work Experience
Whether it’s a part-time barista job or your summer volunteering gig, make sure you add any work experience to your profile. Internships, work study, research positions, volunteering -- it all counts!
Graduation Date
Generally, employers recruit seniors for full-time jobs, while other students are recruited for internships and part-time jobs.
Job Search Steps
Step 1 | Sign Up

If you are a current undergraduate student, sign in with your E# and password. If you are a graduate student or alumni then sign up for your Handshake account at cui.joinhandshake.com.

Step 2 | Make It You

Fill out your profile with information about you, your interests, your studies, and what you’re looking for in a job. Make sure you add your preferred locations and job roles.

Step 3 | Discover Jobs

Handshake takes the info you share in your profile to show you full-time jobs and internships that align with your interests and that you’d be a good fit for.

Step 4 | Get Recruited

All of the top employers, including 100% of the Fortune 500, tech start-ups, nonprofits, and more are hiring students like you on Handshake. When you create a profile, they’ll be able to find you and message you about the roles you want.

Step 5 | Apply Easily

On Handshake, you can store your resumes and other documents so they’re ready when you need them. You can even apply to jobs in two clicks with Quick Apply.

Step 6 | No More Wondering

Once you apply, Handshake will send you updates on your application status. And if you have questions, you can explore the Q&A platform and ask peers for advice about interviews, job roles, and more.

Frequently Asked Questions

Do you have questions about how to find a job or internship on Handshake? Don’t worry, you’re not alone. That’s why Handshake compiled answers to the most common questions from college students.

‌
Why should I make a Handshake account if I already use other job sites?

Handshake is the only place that connects you, your school, and employers together. All of the jobs on Handshake are meant for students—in fact, Handshake has the most opportunities for students and new college grads of any job platform. It’s also the only place where employers are recruiting specifically at your school.

‌
Why do I need to fill out my Handshake profile?

Your profile is the key to finding a job or internship on Handshake. When you fill out your profile:

Handshake gives you personalized job recommendations based on the information you provide on your profile—so you can find jobs and internships that are right for you.
You increase your chances of having a recruiter message you directly with job opportunities and event invitations. In fact, 80% of students who fill out their profile receive a message from a recruiter.
‌
Which parts of my Handshake profile are most important to include?

In addition to your major, Handshake also uses your job interests to recommend opportunities to you. Your job interests include:

Job type: select part-time job, full-time job, or internship.
Job location: choose the cities that you’d like to live and work in.
Job roles: select at least three positions that interest you.

TIP: You can change and update your interests at any time.

‌
What are the top things employers search for?

After job interests, these are the most popular fields that employers use to find students they’d like to message:

Work experience: Have you had a part-time job, internship, work study, research position or volunteered? Employers like to see that you’ve taken on responsibility, and that these experiences have helped you develop valuable skills.
Skills: Add technical skills like SQL and soft skills like communication. The more skills you list, the better your chances are of showing up in an employer search.
Clubs and organizations: These highlight your unique interests and involvement on campus.
‌
Why should I make my profile public?

Employers are able to find and view your profile only when you make it visible to them. So help employers find you! Make it public so you’ll show up when they’re searching for students to recruit for jobs and internships. You can also make your profile visible to other students, so you can connect with them for advice, or help them.

Don’t worry—your profile will not be public to employers that have not been approved by your school, or to anyone without a Handshake account.

‌
Can I use Handshake on my phone?

Yes! Download the Handshake App from the App Store or Google Play, to search and apply to jobs right from your phone. You’ll also be notified when you receive a message from an employer, be first to see new job postings, and can apply to jobs in two clicks with Quick Apply.

‌
What is the best way to use keyword search and filters?

Keyword search and filters are a great way to narrow down and customize the jobs you see on Handshake. You can filter through jobs by criteria such as job type, location, work authorization, and industry. Keyword search helps you find jobs whose description includes a word that you’re looking for. For example, if you search for the keyword “accounting,” you will see jobs where the word accounting appears within the posting.

TIP: Save your searches to quickly access a set of filters you’ve used in the past.

‌
Why should I contact other students on Handshake?

When you view a job or employer page, you can see other students who have worked there and reach out to them with your questions. You can get an inside look at company culture, interview tips, and more through company reviews. You can also find answers to common career questions (or ask your own!) in Q&A.

TIP: You can also search for students based on their major, work experiences, and more.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

