https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/residential-education-services/student-staff
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of Residential Life

Get to Know Your Staff
Housing
Residence Halls
Current Students
Student Staff
OFFICE OF RESIDENCE LIFE
About the Student Staff

In addition to our professional staff within the Residential Education and Services (RES) department, there is also a group of incredible student staff members who assist in running the day-to-day operations of our office. Please email res@cui.edu to inquire about open student staff positions within our office.

Resident Assistants (RA)

Resident Assistants work closely with a live-in professional staff member (Resident Director) to build a Christ-centered, living and learning community. Responsibilities and expectations include the following:

Intentionally engage their residents in conversation.
Develop relationships with their residents.
Organize programs which bring the community together and encourage learning outside of the classroom.
Resolve conflict and provide initial care in student crisis.
Confront and document violations of the Concordia Code of Conduct.
Serve as a Christian role model and an example of what it means to be a wise, honorable and cultivated citizen.
Summer Resident Assistant

The Summer Resident Assistant (RA) will live on campus and work with the RES professional staff to provide a fun and safe environment for students living on campus during the summer months. Additionally, the Summer RA will work in the Sigma Box during various office hours and assist the Director of Residential Education and Housing Services. Responsibilities include the following:

Help summer residents check in and out of their rooms.
Facilitate summer programs for students living on campus.
Provide 24/7 emergency response via on call services on a on-call rotation to the Summer Residents.
Work in the RES office and assist students who need:
Resources and referrals
Bike/Equipment rentals and checkouts
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

