https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/residential-education-services/roommates
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of Residential Life

Get to Know Your Staff
Housing
Residence Halls
Current Students
Roommates
OFFICE OF RESIDENCE LIFE
Roommates

When students move to Concordia University Irvine, they are paired up with a roommate. For some students, this might be the first time you have lived with a roommate. For others, having a roommate might be nothing new. However, this section of the website is to act as a resource to assist students in creating a healthy relationship with their roommates.

Being a Roommate

As students from different races, cultures, socioeconomic, and family backgrounds, there are many new things you may encounter when moving in with a new roommate. Therefore, it is recommended that a pair of roommates foster a relationship built on open communication. By openly discussing issues, roommates may be able to alleviate any conflicts that may occur.

As a part of open communication, each pair of roommates should establish a set of agreed upon ground rules (i.e. music levels, lights-out time, study time). These ground rules will assist roommates in holding each other accountable. During the semester, your Residential Assistant (RA) will meet with you in order to review the “Roommate Agreement Form.” This form may assist in facilitating the discussion you have with your roommate in order to set your established ground rules.

If roommates are in conflict and cannot come to a reasonable mutually agreed upon resolution, the RES staff is here to help. The RAs are available to students in order to assist in resolving any potential issues or can refer students to resources on campus that may assist in resolving the issue. For more information, please come to the RES Office located in Sigma General, call (949)214-3045, or email res@cui.edu, we would be more than happy to help you.

Roommate Rights

Although the Office of Residence Life believes in giving roommates the autonomy to create their own set of ground rules, RES has also developed a set of rights that must be respected by each student. These rights include:

To read, study, and sleep in the room with as little disturbance as possible.
To have belongings which are not used by anyone else.
To live in a clean and orderly room.
To enter the room whenever one wants unless both parties agree upon other provisions.
To have guests, provided they respect the rights of the roommate.
To be free of physical and emotional harassment.
To speak openly.
To be treated with consideration.
To be free of visitation violations.
To be free of cohabitation violations.
To be free of general policy violations.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

