https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/maed/school-psychology
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

MAED: School Psychology

Program Design 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Meetings
Contact 
Apply Now
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATION: SCHOOL PSYCHOLOGY
School of Education
EXPLORE 
School Psychology with Pupil Personnel Services Credential
Master of Arts in Education

With a Master of Arts in Education in School Psychology at Concordia University Irvine, you’ll be equipped with the skills you need for a rewarding career in the high-demand field of school psychology.

Designed for education professionals looking to support the mental health of K-12 students, this cohort-based program prepares you to conduct psychoeducational assessments and behavioral interventions. As a servant leader, you’ll devote your time and talents to the well-being and mental health of students while also collaborating with teachers, families, and school administrators.

A combination of coursework and fieldwork, our specialist-level degree program is accredited by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CTC) and offered in in-person and fully online formats, giving you the knowledge to thrive while still being convenient for working professionals.

Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
ZIP Code

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

SEND NOW
Curriculum Overview

To earn an M.A.Ed. in School Psychology with a Pupil Personnel Services (PPS) Credential, you must complete 60 units and 1200 hours of field experience. This school-based practicum requires 12-15 hours per week, which you’ll do concurrently with your coursework.

Before you complete the program, you’ll need to take the National School Psychology Examination (Praxis). Once you receive your Pupil Personnel Services Credential, you’ll be authorized to work as a school psychologist in California. By the end of the program, you’ll also have a portfolio of work to help you advance in your career.

 

SAMPLE COURSES
EDP 501: Foundations of School Psychology
3

This course will introduce candidates to the profession of school psychology. Candidates will have knowledge of the history and foundations of school psychology and knowledge of multiple service models and methods. Candidates will have core foundational knowledge about best practices and strategies in professional practice as servant leaders in school psychology. 

EDP 503: Child Development & Learning
3

This course is designed to provide educational foundations, including human growth and development, learning theory, and academic achievement. Candidates will also have knowledge of human development across the lifespan as well as factors that impede development.

EDP 510: Academic Interventions
3

Candidates will have knowledge of direct interventions that focus on academic interventions for children and families. Candidates will have knowledge of psychobiological, cultural, dual language learners and social influences on academic skills; human learning, cognitive, and developmental processes; and evidence-based curriculum and instructional strategies. Candidates will demonstrate skills to use assessment and data-collection methods and to implement and evaluate services that support cognitive and academic skills. 

EDP 512: Collaborative Consultation
3

Candidates will have knowledge of varied methods of consultation, collaboration, and communication applicable to individuals, families, groups, school staff, and community agencies across academic, behavioral and social/emotional domains. Candidates will learn evidence-based strategies to support family influences on children’s learning, socialization, and mental health.

EDP 523: Crisis Response and Intervention
3

Candidates will have knowledge of evidence-based strategies for effective crisis response including threat and risk assessments. Candidates, in collaboration with others, will demonstrate skills to promote services that enhance learning, school safety, and physical well-being through protective and adaptive factors and to implement effective crisis preparation, response, and recovery. 

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Start Term	Start Date
Summer 1	May 6, 2024

All dates subject to change without notice. Always check dates with your advisor before finalizing any trips.

MAED Term Start Dates

In our School Psychology M.A.Ed. program, you’ll take one content course and one practicum experience per 8-week term. The program consists of 16 terms and is generally completed in about 2.5 years.

APPLY NOW

Tuition/Fee	Summer '24, Fall '24 / Spring '25
Non-refundable Application Fee: Domestic	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: International	$150
Student Success Fee	$50
Graduation Fee	Graduation Fee
Cost per Unit	$685
EDP 590 Practicum	$200
Field Work I 400 Hours	$250
Field Work II 400 Hours	$250
Field Work III 400 Hours	$250
Tuition & Financial Aid

Concordia’s School of Education offers a competitively priced online degree program. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

VIEW TUITION & FINANCIAL AID

School of Education

Concordia's School of Education prepares educators at all levels. We offer a broad range of undergraduate programs, teaching credentials, master's degrees in education and educational leadership, advanced certificates, and an Ed.D. in Leadership with multiple specializations. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. 

The School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their career.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THE SCHOOL OF EDUCATION

Admission Requirements

To be admitted into the School Psychology M.A.Ed. program, you must have the following: 

A valid bachelor's degree or higher from a regionally accredited institution
Official transcript copies from the institution that granted your highest degree
A cumulative GPA of 2.75 or better
Basic Skills Verification (through CBEST results or other state-approved options)
A valid teaching credential or Certificate of Clearance
Letter of Intent

You must also submit an online application (including a $50 non-refundable application fee).

APPLY NOW
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

