Candidates, in collaboration with others, will demonstrate skills to promote services that enhance learning, school safety, and physical well-being through protective and adaptive factors and to implement effective crisis preparation, response, and recovery. 

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Start Term	Start Date
Summer 1	May 6, 2024

All dates subject to change without notice. Always check dates with your advisor before finalizing any trips.

MAED Term Start Dates

In our School Psychology M.A.Ed. program, you’ll take one content course and one practicum experience per 8-week term. The program consists of 16 terms and is generally completed in about 2.5 years.

APPLY NOW

Tuition/Fee	Summer '24, Fall '24 / Spring '25
Non-refundable Application Fee: Domestic	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: International	$150
Student Success Fee	$50
Graduation Fee	Graduation Fee
Cost per Unit	$685
EDP 590 Practicum	$200
Field Work I 400 Hours	$250
Field Work II 400 Hours	$250
Field Work III 400 Hours	$250
Tuition & Financial Aid

Concordia’s School of Education offers a competitively priced online degree program. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

VIEW TUITION & FINANCIAL AID

School of Education

Concordia's School of Education prepares educators at all levels. We offer a broad range of undergraduate programs, teaching credentials, master's degrees in education and educational leadership, advanced certificates, and an Ed.D. in Leadership with multiple specializations. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. 

The School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their career.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THE SCHOOL OF EDUCATION

Admission Requirements

To be admitted into the School Psychology M.A.Ed. program, you must have the following: 

A valid bachelor's degree or higher from a regionally accredited institution
Official transcript copies from the institution that granted your highest degree
A cumulative GPA of 2.75 or better
Basic Skills Verification (through CBEST results or other state-approved options)
A valid teaching credential or Certificate of Clearance
Letter of Intent

You must also submit an online application (including a $50 non-refundable application fee).

APPLY NOW
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

