https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/financial-aid/undergraduate/verification-process
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Financial Aid
Getting Started
Types of Aid
Access Your Financial Aid
Staff
Resources 
ESPAÑOL
Verification Process

When you submit the FAFSA, you may be randomly selected by the Department of Education for a review process called “verification.” Verification is the process used to confirm that the data reported on your FAFSA is accurate. If you are selected for verification, Concordia’s Financial Aid Office is required by law to obtain information from the student/family that confirms the accuracy of the information reported on the FAFSA. 

Verification Steps:
Complete the IRS Data Retrieval Tool (DRT) through FAFSA. If the IRS DRT isn't used, you will need to submit either a signed and dated Federal Tax Return (1040) with all forms and schedules or a Tax Return Transcript.
Submit the appropriate verification forms to the Financial Aid Office as requested.
Login to your MyRecords account to view missing requirements
Students submitting documents to Concordia's Financial Aid Office must use one of the following methods:
Email to finaid@cui.edu using ONLY your student eagles email
FAX: 949-214- 3500
Mail: Concordia University Financial Aid Office:
1530 Concordia West, Irvine, CA 92612
In Person: Grimm Hall North, 2nd Floor

A student is not eligible to receive federal, state, and/or institutional need-based aid until all required paperwork has been submitted.

What is the IRS Data Retrieval Tool (DRT)?

The IRS Data Retrieval is a feature of FAFSA which automatically transfers your tax information from the IRS to your FAFSA.

Please note: If the student filed their own tax return, the student and parent must complete the IRS Data Retrieval separately. Please ensure that you have a valid Social Security Number and have already filed taxes for the required tax year.

Click here for instructions on how to use the IRS Data Retrieval Tool.

What if I Cannot or Choose not to Complete the IRS Data Retrieval?

If you choose not to use the IRS DRT, you must submit either a signed and dated Federal Tax Return (form 1040) OR an IRS Tax Return Transcript.

The following cases require that you submit an IRS Tax Return Transcript or Federal 1040 (complete and signed with all forms and schedules):

You changed the tax information listed after using the IRS DRT.
Your tax status is ‘Married, filing separately.’
Your parents are unmarried, living together, and filed separate tax returns.
You (or your parent) had a change in marital status after the end of the tax year on December 31.
You (or your parent) filed an amended tax return. You must submit a signed copy of your amended tax return, Form 1040X.
You filed taxes outside the U.S.

Beyond those applications selected for verification, Federal regulations require that our office resolve discrepancies or conflicting information when a FAFSA and/or subsequent paperwork appears incomplete or inaccurate. Concordia’s Financial Aid Office may request additional documentation to resolve any discrepancies or conflicting information.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

