c years, dates of attendance, and aid received).

How to Resolve

All students with UEH flag 3 and some students with UEH flag 2 will be required to submit their Official/Unofficial Academic Transcripts from all colleges and universities attended during the review period. The Financial Aid Office will review all transcripts and all supporting documentation to determine if the student is eligible for federal student aid at Concordia University.

Decisions to approve or deny Unusual Enrollment History flags will be made by the Financial Aid Office based on:

Documentation of the extent and severity of the mitigating circumstance(s) that resulted in the failure to earn academic credit.
Adequacy of the resolution or planned resolution of the above circumstance(s).
Appealing the Ineligibility Determination

If a student has been determined by Concordia University to be ineligible for federal student aid on the basis of (or lack of) documentation, he/she may resubmit additional documentation for reconsideration.

Regaining Federal Student Aid Eligibility

Students whose aid eligibility is denied as a result of their UEH can be re-considered for federal student aid after meeting with an academic advisor and successfully completing a successful term required by their program. Successful completion is defined as a grade of C or better. Grades below C, Incompletes, and withdrawals are not considered successful completion. Students must also meet the University’s standards of Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP).

Conflict of Interest Policy and Code of Conduct for Financial Aid Professionals

The Higher Education Opportunity Act of 2008 (HEOA) requires institutions of higher education to establish and follow a Code of Conduct with respect to student loans that prohibits conflicts of interest for any financial aid professional [HEOA § 487(a)(25)]. Concordia University is an eligible institution under the Federal Insured Student Loan Program.

In accordance with this requirement, the Office of Financial Aid at Concordia University has issued the following conflict of interest policy and code of conduct.

Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to prohibit conflicts of interest in situations involving student financial aid and to establish standards of conduct for employees with responsibility for student financial aid.
Applicability
This Policy applies to all employees who work in the Office of Financial Aid and all other college employees who have responsibilities related to education loans or other forms of student financial aid. Agents of the College with responsibility for education loans or other student financial aid are also expected to abide by the terms of this Policy.
Definitions
Conflict of Interest: A conflict of interest exists when an employee’s financial interests or other opportunities for personal benefit may compromise, or reasonably appear to compromise, the independence of judgment with which the employee performs his/her responsibilities at the College.
Gift: Any gratuity, favor, discount, entertainment, hospitality, loan, or other item having a monetary value of more than a de minimis amount. The term includes a gift of services, transportation, lodging, or meals, whether provided in kind, by purchase of a ticket, payment in advance, or reimbursement after the expense has been incurred. The term “gift” does not include any of the following:
Standard materials, activities, or programs on issues related to a loan, default aversion, default prevention, or financial literacy, such as a brochure, a workshop, or training.
Training or informational material furnished to the College as an integral part of a training session that is designed to improve the service of a lender, guarantor, or servicer of educational loans to the College, if such training contributes to the professional development of the College’s employees.
Favorable terms, conditions, and borrower benefits on an education loan provided to a student employed by the College or an employee who is the parent of a student if such terms, conditions, or benefits are comparable to those provided to all students of the College and are not provided because of the student’s or parent’s employment with the College.
Entrance and exit counseling services provided to borrowers to meet the College’s responsibilities for entrance and exit counseling under federal law, so long as the College’s employees are in control of the counseling, and such counseling does not promote the products or services of any specific lender.
Philanthropic contributions to an institution from a lender, servicer, or guarantor of education loans that are unrelated to education loans or any contribution from any lender, guarantor, or servicer that is not made in exchange for any advantage related to education loans.
State education grants, scholarships, or financial aid funds administered by or on behalf of a State.
Opportunity pool loan: A private education loan made by a lender to 