up of lenders or guarantors, shall be prohibited from receiving anything of value from the lender, guarantor, group of lenders or guarantors. However, the employee may be reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in serving on the advisory board, commission, or group.
Nondiscrimination

Office of Financial Aid does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, disability, or status as a veteran in any of its policies, practices, or procedures.

Return to Title IV Federal Policy (R2T4)

This policy is in effect as a result of the Higher Education Amendments of 1998 (HEA 98). The Federal Title IV programs covered under this policy include Federal Pell Grant, Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant (SEOG), Federal Direct Stafford Loan, Federal Direct Parent and Grad PLUS Loans. A student withdrawing from the university during a semester must file an Official Withdrawal Form with the Office of the Registrar. If a student is not able to visit the office, he/she may contact a staff person in the Registrar’s Office regarding the withdrawal date. The university will determine the student’s official withdrawal date as: 1) the date the student began the university’s withdrawal process; 2) the midpoint of the semester, if the student withdraws without notifying the university; or 3) the student’s last date of attendance at an academically related activity, as documented by the university.

If the student begins the withdrawal process and then later decides to continue attendance at the university, the student must indicate this in writing to the Office of the Registrar and indicate that his/her intention is to complete the semester.

If the student withdraws during a semester, the portion of the federal grants and loans a student is entitled to receive is calculated on a percentage basis by comparing the total number of days in the semester to the number of days that the student completed before he/she withdrew. If the percentage earned is sixty percent (60%) or greater, the student is considered to have earned one hundred percent (100%) of eligibility. This policy does not affect the student’s charges. The university’s withdrawal policy will be used to determine the reduction, if any, in the student’s tuition, room and board charges. The university refund policy is determined by a weekly percentage until the sixty percent (60%) or greater point in the semester is reached. If it is determined that a portion of the financial aid received on the student’s behalf is unearned, the university shares with the student the responsibility of returning those funds. Any grants and loans that a student is required to return to the federal programs are considered an overpayment. The student must either repay the amount in full or make satisfactory payment arrangements with the Department of Education to repay the amount. If the student fails to repay or make arrangements to repay an overpayment, the student will lose his/her eligibility to receive future federal financial aid at any institution.

Order of Return of Title IV Funds
Funds will returned to the SFA Programs in the following order:
Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loans
Federal Direct Subsidized Loans
Federal Perkins Loans
Federal Direct PLUS loans received on behalf of the student
After repaying all loan amounts, any remaining funds must be returned in the following order:
Federal Pell Grants for which a Return is required
FSEOG Program for which a Return is required
TEACH Grants for which a Return is required
Iraq and Afghanistan Service Grant for which a Return is Required
Timeframe for the Return of Title IV Funds
Return of Title IV: As soon as possible, but no later than 45 days after the date the school determined the student withdrew, the school must return unearned funds for which it is responsible.
Post-Withdrawal Disbursement to Account: As soon as possible, but no later than 180 days after the date the school determined the student withdrew, the school must credit the student's account with the grant or loan funds for outstanding current charges and minor (under $200) prior year charges.
Post-Withdrawal Disbursement to Student: For earned Title IV funds in excess of outstanding current charges. As soon as possible after the date the school determined the student withdrew
Loans: no later than 180 days
Grants: no later than 45 days
Treatment of Title IV Credit Balances when a Student Withdraws
Do NOT release any portion of a Title IV credit balance to the student and do NOT return any portion to the Title IV programs prior to performing the Return calculation.
Perform the Return Calculation, including any existing Title IV credit balance for the period in the calculation as disbursed aid.
Apply any applicable refund policy (state, accrediting agency, institutional) to determine if doing so creates a new or larger Title IV credit balance.
Allocate any Title IV credit balance as follows:
Any Title IV credit balance must be allocated fir