completion rate because they count as earned credits only once.

Transfer Credits:

Transfer credits accepted by the institution and applied toward a student’s degree, diploma, or certificate requirements to graduate will apply toward the maximum time frame calculation. If at the point of admission a transfer students prior academic record does not meet the colleges minimum cumulative qualitative or quantitative SAP standards, the university may immediately place the student in a probation status for financial aid eligibility.

Consortium Credits:

Credits for which financial aid is received under a consortium agreement will be included in the calculation of cumulative GPA, completion percentage, and maximum time frame.

Audited Courses:

Audited courses will not be funded by financial aid and are not included in any financial aid satisfactory academic progress measurements.

Outside Resources

Students are required to report all resources known or expected to be available to them during the period for which they seek financial assistance. These resources include, but are not limited to: veterans’ benefits, scholarships, fellowships, stipends, and unemployment earnings (including spouse’s, where applicable). Failure to report these resources can result in delays in receiving aid funds for which the student may be eligible, cancellation of the award, or even the return of funds already received.

Should any new resources become available, the student is required to report this fact. Withholding or concealing information about these resources may constitute fraud, as the student would be receiving financial aid to which he or she is not entitled.

Over-awards

Each year a number of financial aid recipients are distressed to learn that their aid package is being reduced due to an over-award. As required, students must inform the Financial Aid Office of any outside aid awards or changes in their class load. This will save the frustration and inconvenience that may result from an over-award.

A student’s budget, as determined by the university using federal and state calculations, could reduce the total aid package. All institutional aid is subject to coordination with federal, state, and all other aid sources. All institutional aid is subject to the policies printed in the catalog and any other printed materials. Availability of all aid is subject to federal, state, institutional, and private funding.

Treatment of Unofficial Withdrawals

If a student fails to officially withdraw and receives all F’s as grades for the semester, the Department of Education considers the student to have unofficially withdrawn from classes. The university is required to investigate and determine when the student actually last attended class and then perform the required R2T4 calculation. If the date of withdrawal cannot be confirmed, the R2T4 calculation is done using a 50 percent completion rate. This process is usually completed well after the end of the semester, once grades are submitted.

Unusual Enrollment History

The U.S. Department of Education has established new regulations to prevent fraud and abuse in the Federal Pell Grant Program or Direct Loans by identifying students with unusual enrollment histories. Some students who have an unusual enrollment history (UEH) have legitimate reasons for their enrollment at multiple institutions. However, such an enrollment history requires our office to review your file in order to determine future federal financial aid eligibility. If selected by the Department of Education (via the FAFSA), this must be resolved before you will receive financial aid.

Flags “2” and “3” require that the current institution review the student’s enrollment history to determine aid eligibility. The Financial Aid Office, in the process of reviewing a student’s UEH flag, will check the National Student Loan Data System (NSLDS) for complete enrollment history (i.e., name of each school attended during the past four academic years, dates of attendance, and aid received).

How to Resolve

All students with UEH flag 3 and some students with UEH flag 2 will be required to submit their Official/Unofficial Academic Transcripts from all colleges and universities attended during the review period. The Financial Aid Office will review all transcripts and all supporting documentation to determine if the student is eligible for federal student aid at Concordia University.

Decisions to approve or deny Unusual Enrollment History flags will be made by the Financial Aid Office based on:

Documentation of the extent and severity of the mitigating circumstance(s) that resulted in the failure to earn academic credit.
Adequacy of the resolution or planned resolution of the above circumstance(s).
Appealing the Ineligibility Determination

If a student has been determined by Concordia University to be ineligible for federal student aid on the basis of (or lack of) documentation, he/she may resubmit additional documentation