 timeframe whether or not financial aid was received. Attempted hours also include the following: withdrawals, incompletes, failing grades, repeated coursework, and transfer credits accepted by the University.

Financial Aid Warning

Students who do not meet the SAP standards will be placed on Financial Aid WARNING. While on WARNING status, students will continue to receive financial aid. All students who are notified of their WARNING status should seek academic counseling and take advantage of all other student services available to ensure student success at the university.

Financial Aid Termination

Students who do not meet the SAP standards for more than one term will be PROHIBITED from receiving all financial aid. Being on PROBATION status does not prohibit a student from continuing their education. Students who have lost their financial aid eligibility may be reinstated once they demonstrate satisfactory academic progress.

Appeal Standards

Only appeals for the following reasons will be accepted:

A death of an immediate family member of the student.
Medical/hospitalization of the student.
Mitigating circumstances beyond the student’s control that affected their academic progress
Appeal Process

All appeals must be submitted in writing, and include the Financial Aid Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) Appeal Form, with supporting documentation attached, to the Financial Aid Office. Acceptable documentation for each circumstance must be stated in the appeal letter and supporting documentation must be attached, such as medical records, death certificates and any documentation that supports the student’s mitigating circumstances. The Director of Financial Aid will approve or deny appeals as they are submitted. Results of an appeal will be sent to the student in writing. Any student whose appeal is denied by the Director of Financial Aid has the right to appeal to the Financial Aid Committee. The Financial Aid Committee will use the same criteria in rendering its decision.

Appeal Decision

If a student’s appeal is approved:

The student will be placed on PROBATION. A student on PROBATION will continue to be eligible for financial aid on a semester by semester basis provided they meet the required terms and conditions as indicated in the student’s approval. Failure to meet these requirements on a term by term basis will result in TERMINATION of financial aid.

If a student’s appeal is denied:

The student must meet SAP standards before any further financial aid may be awarded as long as the student hasn’t reached the maximum units.
Reinstatement of Financial Aid

To reinstate financial aid a student must have an approved Financial Aid Appeal or must meet the financial aid satisfactory academic progress cumulative qualitative, quantitative, and maximum timeframe standards. Neither paying for classes out of pocket, nor sitting out a period of time is sufficient in and of itself to re-establish a student’s financial aid eligibility.

Treatment of Grades:
Courses for which a student receives a letter grade of A, B, C, D, P or CR are included in the calculation of cumulative credit completion percentage as courses successfully completed.
Courses for which a student receives a letter grade of IP, I, N, NP, IF, F, W or GD will be treated as credits attempted but not successfully completed.
Withdrawals:

Credits for which a grade of “W” is received are considered attempted credits but not successfully completed credits. A grade of “W” does not impact GPA but does negatively impact the cumulative completion percentage and counts toward the maximum time frame.

Repeated Coursework:

Undergraduate students are allowed to repeat a course as often as allowed by the academic policies of the university. Students are allowed to repeat a previously passed course and have it count toward enrollment for financial aid eligibility only once. However, all repeats count against the maximum timeframe (total attempted credits) and reduce the pace/completion rate because they count as earned credits only once.

Transfer Credits:

Transfer credits accepted by the institution and applied toward a student’s degree, diploma, or certificate requirements to graduate will apply toward the maximum time frame calculation. If at the point of admission a transfer students prior academic record does not meet the colleges minimum cumulative qualitative or quantitative SAP standards, the university may immediately place the student in a probation status for financial aid eligibility.

Consortium Credits:

Credits for which financial aid is received under a consortium agreement will be included in the calculation of cumulative GPA, completion percentage, and maximum time frame.

Audited Courses:

Audited courses will not be funded by financial aid and are not included in any financial aid satisfactory academic progress measurements.

Outside Resources

Students are required to report all resources known or expected to be available to them duri