 must credit the student's account with the grant or loan funds for outstanding current charges and minor (under $200) prior year charges.
Post-Withdrawal Disbursement to Student: For earned Title IV funds in excess of outstanding current charges. As soon as possible after the date the school determined the student withdrew
Loans: no later than 180 days
Grants: no later than 45 days
Treatment of Title IV Credit Balances when a Student Withdraws
Do NOT release any portion of a Title IV credit balance to the student and do NOT return any portion to the Title IV programs prior to performing the Return calculation.
Perform the Return Calculation, including any existing Title IV credit balance for the period in the calculation as disbursed aid.
Apply any applicable refund policy (state, accrediting agency, institutional) to determine if doing so creates a new or larger Title IV credit balance.
Allocate any Title IV credit balance as follows:
Any Title IV credit balance must be allocated first to repay any grant overpayment owed by the student as a result of the current withdrawal.
Within 14 days of the date that the institution performs the Return Calculation, the institution must pay any remaining Title IV credit balance funds in one or more of the following ways:
In accordance with cash management regulations to pay authorized charges at the institution, including previously paid charges that are now unpaid due to a R2T4 by the institution
A school may not use a Title IV credit balance to return funds for which it is responsible as a result of a Return calculation: STEP 5, item O.
With the student's authorization, to reduce the student's Title IV loan debt (not limited to loan debt for the period of withdrawal) or
To the student (or parent for the PLUS loan). If the institution cannot locate the student or parent whom a Title IV credit balance must be paid, it must return the credit balance to the Title IV programs. The Department does not specify the order of return to the Title IV programs for a credit balance. Institutions are encouraged to make determinations that are in the best interest of the individual student.
Modular Term R2T4 Policy

The U.S. Department of Education has specific regulations that govern the R2T4 calculation for students enrolled in modular courses. Modular courses are defined as those that do not span the entire length of the term and are offered sequentially rather than concurrently (although it is possible for modules to overlap). At the university, Session 1 and Session 2 sessions would be considered modules for financial aid purposes.

Regulations require the entire period and combination of modular courses to be considered when determining the portion of financial aid that has been earned by a student who withdraws. The student is considered withdrawn when s/he fails to complete the scheduled enrollment. At this point, the percentage of completion is calculated by dividing the number of completed days by the number of days the student was scheduled to attend. (Scheduled breaks of at least five days are omitted from the calculation.) The fact that a student completes at least one course is no longer a valid reason for not doing the calculation.

A student who withdraws from a current module but provides written confirmation of plans to return and attend a future module that begins within 45 days of the end of the current module is considered to still be enrolled.

If the student provides written confirmation but then fails to attend a future module, the student is considered withdrawn from the initial date of the original module. If the student withdraws without a written confirmation to attend in the future but returns during the same period, the student is able to receive all funds for which the student has eligibility according to their current enrollment status.

Refunds

Students withdrawing from the university or dropping courses within the refund period may be eligible for a refund of charges in accordance with the university's fee schedule and refund procedures. Students who withdraw from the university after classes begin may apply for a refund (i.e., tuition, room, board) by contacting the Bursar's Office. The student is responsible for paying any outstanding charges to the university. Dropping courses or withdrawing from the university may or may not result in a credit on the student's account. Please contact the Bursar's Office for further information or www.cui.edu/refunds.

Release of Records

It is understood that by applying for financial aid, the student grants the Financial Aid Office the right to release the learner’s grades and enrollment records to scholarship, state, federal, and loan agencies as needed.

Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP)

Federal regulations require all schools participating in Title IV financial aid programs to have a Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) policy. Title IV financial aid programs include: Pell Grant, Supplemental Education