https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/veterans/faq
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Veterans Resource Center
Getting Started
Transfers
Benefits 
Resources 
About 
Contact 
Support Our Veterans
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
VETERANS RESOURCE CENTER
Getting Benefits Started
Do I have to come to the campus to arrange my Veterans Education Benefits?

No, the entire process can be completed online/email or in person.

How do I get my VA benefits started?

Getting started is simple just follow these steps.

How long does it take for an application to be processed by the VA?

First-time recipients usually receive their education benefits in six to eight weeks. Continuing students should receive their benefits in three to four weeks. Always provide Veterans Services with an updated Certificate of Eligibility at the start of each semester.

Chapter 33: Post 9/11 GI Bill®
Who is eligible for the Post-9/11 GI Bill®?

Veterans who have served on active duty at least 90 aggregate days after Sept. 10, 2001, or served at least 30 continuous days on active duty after Sept. 10, 2001, and received a discharge for disability.

Can I use the Post-9/11 GI Bill® while on active duty?

Yes, but you cannot receive a housing allowance, or stipends for books and supplies. You must have completed a minimum of 90 days of service (other than basic training.)

How much does my book and supplies stipend pay and when?

At 100% eligibility you will receive $41.67 per credit with a max of $500 per semester and a cap of $1,000 per academic year.

The stipend is paid directly to you after the semester starts. You will need to purchase your books and supplies prior to receiving your stipend.

How are benefits paid?

There are three different payments under the Post-9/11 GI Bill®:

Tuition and fees, paid directly to the school.
Monthly housing allowance, paid to the individual.
Books and supplies stipend, paid to the individual.
How long do I have to use the Post-9/11 GI Bill® benefits?

The Post-9/11 GI Bill® benefits are payable for 15 years from your date of separation from active duty.

Yellow Ribbon Program
What is the Yellow Ribbon Program? Do I qualify for it?

The Yellow Ribbon Program allows universities to voluntarily enter into an agreement with the VA to fund tuition and fee expenses not covered by the Post-9/11 GI Bill®.

Is Concordia University Irvine a Yellow Ribbon school?

Yes. For more information view our Yellow Ribbon Program page.

General Questions
Can I receive college credit for my military training?

Yes. CUI awards college credit for military training using recommendation developed by American Council on Education (ACE).

Can I use tuition discounts from multiple sources?

No. Students can only receive tuition discounts from one source. Students receiving the Concordia Faculty/Staff Waiver, Graduate Assistants, or Scholarship Athletes cannot combine their waiver, GA agreement, or scholarship with the 10% Veteran Discount.

How do I obtain a copy of my DD-214?

You can request a copy from the National Archives online.

I’m a dependent of a veteran. Can I use the CalVet College Tuition Fee Wavier at Concordia University Irvine?

No. The College Tuition Fee Waiver for Veteran Dependents can only be used at California Community Colleges, California State Universities, and University of California campuses.

I have not received my payment from the VA. What should I do?

Contact the VA Western Regional Center in Muskogee, Oklahoma. They can be reached at 1-888-442-4551.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

