hletic Association (NCAA) Division II school – more visibility, widespread notoriety, and greater recruiting power. But with these perks come stricter rules and greater responsibility.
READ STORY

NCAA break is a weight off of student-athletes’ shoulders

For both student-athletes and coaches, NCAA-mandated breaks are a weight off of their shoulders. The extended breaks give student-athletes time to get their head out of the game.
READ STORY

Why do you love CUI athletics?

Share your story on social media #cuieagles

 
 
 
NCAA DII Timeline

The following timeline summary reflects the transition process into full-fledged Division II membership, a process which occurs over 4 years. This time is spent preparing the university for success as a Division II school. Concordia integrates the Division II philosophy, strategy, and best practices through NCAA education and assessment. The first 3 years are provisional, with the 4th year being full Division II membership.

2014
2015
2016
2017
Prev
Next
1st Year Provisional Period (dual affiliation)

The first provisional year occurred during the 2014-2015 academic year. Concordia University Irvine continued to compete against NAIA and Golden State Athletic Conference members.

During this year, CUI began to implement as much of the Division II legislation as possible.

2nd Year Provisional Period

During the second provisional year of 2015-2016, CUI began to compete against Pacific West Conference members, but was still not eligible to compete in Division II playoffs.

CUI was in full compliance with Division II legislation during this year.

3rd Year Provisional Period

During the 2016-2017 academic year, CUI is granted provisional membership into NCAA Division II and continues to play PacWest Conference teams but is not yet eligible to compete in NCAA Division II playoffs; the university is still eligible to compete in postseason competition through the National Christian College Athletic Association.

Full Division II Membership

After 3 provision years, beginning with the Fall 2017 semester, CUI will have completed the membership process and now be eligible to compete in NCAA Division II playoffs. After considerable time spent in preparation and 3 years of transition, this is significant milestone for the university’s athletics!

D2 & You - Upcoming Sporting Events
 

Why read about it, when you can see the action for yourself?!

Concordia University Irvine’s athletics events provide competitive sports, collegiate team spirit, and a homecourt advantage! With plenty of parking and reasonable ticket prices, CUI’s admission to Division II is just one more reason to support your winning team! Come cheer the Eagles on in our own nest, and get to know some of the university’s star players.

SEE ALL EVENTS
Meet the PacWest

Academy of Art

Azusa Pacific University

Biola University

Brigham Young University-Hawaii

California Baptist University

Dixie State University

Dominican University

Fresno Pacific University

Hawaii Pacific University

Chaminade University

Holy Names University

Notre Dame de Namur University

Point Loma Nazarene University

Compliance Information

Admission to NCAA Division II and membership in the PacWest Conference is an honor! Enthusiasm for this transition is shared among alumni, friends, and donors alike. But with this change, the University faces new and different expectations.

Because we value the support of our fans, employees, alumni, and booster members, we want to ensure that all support is compliant with NCAA guidelines. The following actions are prohibited:

Making recruiting contacts with prospective student-athletes.
Making telephone calls to prospective student-athletes or his/her parents or legal guardians.
Making arrangements for a prospect or the prospect's relatives or friends, to receive money or financial aid of any kind.
Providing transportation for a prospect or the prospect's relatives or friends to visit our campus.
Providing free tickets or tickets at a reduced cost for prospects or the prospect’s relatives or friends to attend an athletic event/function.
Entertaining high school, prep school or community college coaches.
Providing honorarium to a student-athlete for a speaking engagement.
Providing free or reduced-rent housing.
Providing special discounts for goods and services (e.g. car repairs, legal services, meals).
Providing gifts of any kind, including birthday cards, gift cards and holiday gifts.
Providing cash or loans in any amount, or signing or co-signing for a loan.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

