https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/ncaa
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
NCAA D2
Upcoming Events
Our Stories
Support CUI
IT'S OFFICIAL!
CUI is Now a Full Member of NCAA DII
Making It Ours

 

Eagles Soar to Division II!

Concordia University Irvine’s admission to Division II of the NCAA has its roots in the institution’s growing enrollment, financial stability, and academic achievements...not to mention its notable athletic reputation. Concordia has positioned itself to appeal to student-athletes by emphasizing academic excellence alongside outstanding athletic programs. Says President Kurt Krueger, "We believe that the NCAA Division II model is an excellent fit with our Lutheran heritage, our core values, and our approach to educating the whole person." This recent division advancement is owed equally to the university’s high-caliber faculty, staff, and academic programs, reflecting not only its sustained reputation, but uniquely positioning Concordia as an influential player in the world of collegiate athletics.

We believe that the NCAA Division II model is an excellent fit with our Lutheran heritage, our core values, and our approach to educating the whole person,

- Kurt Krueger, President of Concordia University Irvine

SUPPORT CUI

D2 & You - Our Stories
Softball Finishes Epic Season

The Eagles softball team completed a remarkable 2022 season in which it began 36-0, tied for the sixth-longest undefeated start to a season in NCAA DII history, and were ranked No. 1 in the nation in DII for a while.
READ STORY

Little Eagles Join Big Eagles at Baseball Field

At a baseball doubleheader in April, a group of Little Leaguers lined up with Concordia’s players for the national anthem—their hearts bursting with excitement to stand alongside their namesake team.
READ STORY

Setting Records, Going Pro

Michaela VanderKlugt ’22, a biology major who minored in pre-nursing, has become the first Concordia player to score 2,000 points and collect 1,000 rebounds in the program’s NCAA DII era. She was named the DIICCA West Region Player of the Year and the PacWest Conference Player of the Year. This fall, she begins her professional basketball career in Europe, playing for the BC Pharmaserv Marburg Blue Dolphins.
READ STORY

Running Into the Future

Brothers Angel and Fernando Aguirre from Whittier excel on CUI’s cross-country team. Both have overcome a lot to attend CUI, including the fact that Fernando is autistic.
READ STORY

Play Ball

The baseball field, dugouts and stands received a major upgrade thanks to an anonymous donation from a generous family. Work was completed just hours before the first pitch of the 2020 season.
READ STORY

Flying High

Sarah Herron ’19 soared to new heights for Concordia University Irvine and the PacWest conference, becoming the University’s first NCAA Woman of the Year Top
READ STORY

The Unlikely Star

Christian Ramirez rediscovered his love for soccer at Concordia and launched into a professional playing career.
READ STORY

Eagles Make Noise in DII Play

Eagles teams roared into full competition in their new conferences in NCAA DII this year, and two teams— softball and men’s volleyball—blew away expectations with historic seasons.
READ STORY

Facilities Upgrades

Fans of Eagles athletics will notice significant upgrades to two playing surfaces where players are enjoying a cooler, springier playing experience.
READ STORY

Bailee Blankemeier: A Balanced Life

I started swimming competitively when I was six and became obsessed with the sport in middle school and high school. I never went to a football game because I was at swim practices in the evenings. I woke up daily at 4:30 or 5 a.m. to practice. When people asked, “What do you do?” all I could say was “Swimming.” I didn’t have any other interests and that scared me.
READ STORY

It's Official! CUI Joins
NCAA Division II

In a historic move, Concordia University Irvine has completed a three-year journey to become a member of NCAA Division II, a change that is already enhancing academics, athletic competition and CUI’s visibility and reputation nationwide. 
READ STORY

Men's Lacrosse makes history at CUI

The team battled through ups and downs, the challenge of staying focused and of not letting early success mess with their heads. The team’s overall record was 18-1. This was their fifth straight conference championship. “It’s a long season,” says Brent. “We’re very process-oriented so we focus as a coaching staff on building relationships and coaching the players.” In the national tournament, the Eagles beat St. John's 10-9 and North Dakota 11-9 before taking on top ranked St. Thomas in the title game. St. Thomas took a 2-0 lead before the Eagles soared back and never trailed again, winning 13-10. 
READ STORY

As they say goodbye, graduating student-athletes look ahead to Concordia’s future

Senior student-athletes who are graduating from Concordia University Irvine this month are proud to be a part of the school’s history in the making. They are honored to have played their respective sports during Concordia’s transition to a National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division II school.
READ STORY

Valuing Academic Excellence on a Path to Graduation

Our goal to educate the whole person aligns with NCAA DII's academic philosophy which calls for a comprehensive program of learning and development in a personal setting. DII's criteria for student-athletes ensures they are prepared for the rigors of college coursework and that they are on a path to graduate. Concordia Softball player, Ryann Ferguson, exemplifies these values.
READ STORY

CUI ‘family’ embraces NCAA DII membership, challenge

High school graduates often have mixed emotions about heading off to college. They are excited, yet they know they will miss their families. When Greenwald enrolled at CUI, she had heard it was like one big family, but she was skeptical.
READ STORY

Ardent college sports fans, CUI students score big with NCAA D II membership

Whether they are gung-ho college basketball, baseball or volleyball fans, Concordia University Irvine students welcome moving up to the big league – National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division II.
READ STORY

Concordia claims its ‘rightful place’ as a NCAA Division II university

Becoming a National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division II school puts Concordia University Irvine (CUI) in its rightful place, according to CUI alumnus Jack McBride. Full of humility, McBride isn’t boasting or bragging; he’s just calling it as he sees it.
READ STORY

Concordia is ‘home away from home’ for international student athletes

What Australian student Anderson Clarke likes most about playing men’s basketball at Concordia University Irvine is the support system he has—on and off the court.
READ STORY

CUI Stunt and Cheer builds upon solid foundation

To build a human pyramid with a group of girls standing on each other’s backs and shoulders takes not only strong, sturdy muscles but trust, loyalty and a strong family bond.
READ STORY

Playing under the Blue Dot

Who knew a little blue dot could mean so much? Unassuming, but powerful. Nondescript by itself, but add the letters NCAA and it speaks volumes. NCAA – National Collegiate Athletic Association – a league of its own, literally. Simple. Blue. Dot.
READ STORY

Bigger and Better Things Ahead for Concordia

Becoming a National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division II school means bigger and better things for Concordia University Irvine – literally and figuratively.
READ STORY

Screaming Eagles Score with Midnight Madness

The Screaming Eagles really know how to throw a party. Kicking off basketball season, Midnight Madness promised excitement, fun, and craziness!
READ STORY

NCAA Compliance Guidelines Stress 'Life in the Balance'

Concordia University Irvine (CUI) stands to gain numerous benefits as a National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division II school – more visibility, widespread notoriety, and greater recruiting power. But with these perks come stricter rules and greater responsibility.
READ STORY

NCAA break is a weight off of student-athletes’ shoulders

For both student-athletes and coaches, NCAA-mandated breaks are a weight off of their shoulders. The extended breaks give student-athletes time to get their head out of the game.
READ STORY

Why do you love CUI athletics?

Share your story on social media #cuieagles

 
 
 
NCAA DII Timeline

The following timeline summary reflects the transition process into full-fledged Division II membership, a process which occurs over 4 years. This time is spent preparing the university for success as a Division II school. Concordia integrates the Division II philosophy, strategy, and best practices through NCAA education and assessment. The first 3 years are provisional, with the 4th year being full Division II membership.

2014
2015
2016
2017
Prev
Next
1st Year Provisional Period (dual affiliation)

The first provisional year occurred during the 2014-2015 academic year. Concordia University Irvine continued to compete against NAIA and Golden State Athletic Conference members.

During this year, CUI began to implement as much of the Division II legislation as possible.

2nd Year Provisional Period

During the second provisional year of 2015-2016, CUI began to compete against Pacific West Conference members, but was still not eligible to compete in Division II playoffs.

CUI was in full compliance with Division II legislation during this year.

3rd Year Provisional Period

During the 2016-2017 academic year, CUI is granted provisional membership into NCAA Division II and continues to play PacWest Conference teams but is not yet eligible to compete in NCAA Division II playoffs; the university is still eligible to compete in postseason competition through the National Christian College Athletic Association.

Full Division II Membership

After 3 provision years, beginning with the Fall 2017 semester, CUI will have completed the membership process and now be eligible to compete in NCAA Division II playoffs. After considerable time spent in preparation and 3 years of transition, this is significant milestone for the university’s athletics!

D2 & You - Upcoming Sporting Events
 

Why read about it, when you can see the action for yourself?!

Concordia University Irvine’s athletics events provide competitive sports, collegiate team spirit, and a homecourt advantage! With plenty of parking and reasonable ticket prices, CUI’s admission to Division II is just one more reason to support your winning team! Come cheer the Eagles on in our own nest, and get to know some of the university’s star players.

SEE ALL EVENTS
Meet the PacWest

Academy of Art

Azusa Pacific University

Biola University

Brigham Young University-Hawaii

California Baptist University

Dixie State University

Dominican University

Fresno Pacific University

Hawaii Pacific University

Chaminade University

Holy Names University

Notre Dame de Namur University

Point Loma Nazarene University

Compliance Information

Admission to NCAA Division II and membership in the PacWest Conference is an honor! Enthusiasm for this transition is shared among alumni, friends, and donors alike. But with this change, the University faces new and different expectations.

Because we value the support of our fans, employees, alumni, and booster members, we want to ensure that all support is compliant with NCAA guidelines. The following actions are prohibited:

Making recruiting contacts with prospective student-athletes.
Making telephone calls to prospective student-athletes or his/her parents or legal guardians.
Making arrangements for a prospect or the prospect's relatives or friends, to receive money or financial aid of any kind.
Providing transportation for a prospect or the prospect's relatives or friends to visit our campus.
Providing free tickets or tickets at a reduced cost for prospects or the prospect’s relatives or friends to attend an athletic event/function.
Entertaining high school, prep school or community college coaches.
Providing honorarium to a student-athlete for a speaking engagement.
Providing free or reduced-rent housing.
Providing special discounts for goods and services (e.g. car repairs, legal services, meals).
Providing gifts of any kind, including birthday cards, gift cards and holiday gifts.
Providing cash or loans in any amount, or signing or co-signing for a loan.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

