https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/ncaa
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
NCAA D2
Upcoming Events
Our Stories
Support CUI
IT'S OFFICIAL!
CUI is Now a Full Member of NCAA DII
Making It Ours

 

Eagles Soar to Division II!

Concordia University Irvine’s admission to Division II of the NCAA has its roots in the institution’s growing enrollment, financial stability, and academic achievements...not to mention its notable athletic reputation. Concordia has positioned itself to appeal to student-athletes by emphasizing academic excellence alongside outstanding athletic programs. Says President Kurt Krueger, "We believe that the NCAA Division II model is an excellent fit with our Lutheran heritage, our core values, and our approach to educating the whole person." This recent division advancement is owed equally to the university’s high-caliber faculty, staff, and academic programs, reflecting not only its sustained reputation, but uniquely positioning Concordia as an influential player in the world of collegiate athletics.

We believe that the NCAA Division II model is an excellent fit with our Lutheran heritage, our core values, and our approach to educating the whole person,

- Kurt Krueger, President of Concordia University Irvine

SUPPORT CUI

D2 & You - Our Stories
Softball Finishes Epic Season

The Eagles softball team completed a remarkable 2022 season in which it began 36-0, tied for the sixth-longest undefeated start to a season in NCAA DII history, and were ranked No. 1 in the nation in DII for a while.
READ STORY

Little Eagles Join Big Eagles at Baseball Field

At a baseball doubleheader in April, a group of Little Leaguers lined up with Concordia’s players for the national anthem—their hearts bursting with excitement to stand alongside their namesake team.
READ STORY

Setting Records, Going Pro

Michaela VanderKlugt ’22, a biology major who minored in pre-nursing, has become the first Concordia player to score 2,000 points and collect 1,000 rebounds in the program’s NCAA DII era. She was named the DIICCA West Region Player of the Year and the PacWest Conference Player of the Year. This fall, she begins her professional basketball career in Europe, playing for the BC Pharmaserv Marburg Blue Dolphins.
READ STORY

Running Into the Future

Brothers Angel and Fernando Aguirre from Whittier excel on CUI’s cross-country team. Both have overcome a lot to attend CUI, including the fact that Fernando is autistic.
READ STORY

Play Ball

The baseball field, dugouts and stands received a major upgrade thanks to an anonymous donation from a generous family. Work was completed just hours before the first pitch of the 2020 season.
READ STORY

Flying High

Sarah Herron ’19 soared to new heights for Concordia University Irvine and the PacWest conference, becoming the University’s first NCAA Woman of the Year Top
READ STORY

The Unlikely Star

Christian Ramirez rediscovered his love for soccer at Concordia and launched into a professional playing career.
READ STORY

Eagles Make Noise in DII Play

Eagles teams roared into full competition in their new conferences in NCAA DII this year, and two teams— softball and men’s volleyball—blew away expectations with historic seasons.
READ STORY

Facilities Upgrades

Fans of Eagles athletics will notice significant upgrades to two playing surfaces where players are enjoying a cooler, springier playing experience.
READ STORY

Bailee Blankemeier: A Balanced Life

I started swimming competitively when I was six and became obsessed with the sport in middle school and high school. I never went to a football game because I was at swim practices in the evenings. I woke up daily at 4:30 or 5 a.m. to practice. When people asked, “What do you do?” all I could say was “Swimming.” I didn’t have any other interests and that scared me.
READ STORY

It's Official! CUI Joins
NCAA Division II

In a historic move, Concordia University Irvine has completed a three-year journey to become a member of NCAA Division II, a change that is already enhancing academics, athletic competition and CUI’s visibility and reputation nationwide. 
READ STORY

Men's Lacrosse makes history at CUI

The team battled through ups and downs, the challenge of staying focused and of not letting early success mess with their heads. The team’s overall record was 18-1. This was their fifth straight conference championship. “It’s a long season,” says Brent. “We’re very process-oriented so we focus as a coaching staff on building relationships and coaching the players.” In the national tournament, the Eagles beat St. John's 10-9 and North Dakota 11-9 before taking on top ranked St. Thomas in the title game. St. Thomas took a 2-0 lead before the Eagles soared back and never trailed again, winning 13-10. 
READ STORY

As they say goodbye, graduating student-athletes look ahead to Concordia’s future

Senior student-athletes who are graduating from Concordia University Irvi