Deb has enjoyed volunteering at her home church, St. Paul's Lutheran in Orange, especially focusing her time on the expanding Hispanic Ministry, while continuing to serve on committees at St. Paul's Lutheran School. Deb enjoys creating all forms of art, reading, traveling to Sedona, AZ with her family, and spending quality time with her five grandchildren. Deb asserts: "My greatest delight in life is appreciating and encouraging my family, colleagues, and students as they seek to fully develop their God-given gifts."

‌
Mona Montgomery

Mona Montgomery has a vast background as a classroom teacher and school administrator. Dr. Montgomery today serves as the Principal at Lomarena Elementary School in the Saddleback Valley Unified School District and Adjunct Professor of Education at Concordia University Irvine. Dr. Montgomery earned her Doctorate in Organizational Leadership from Brandman University and Administrative Credential from California State University Fullerton. Dr. Montgomery has been recognized for her commitment to excellence as the Teacher of the Year at De Portola Elementary School in 2012-13 and as the Principal of the Year for Saddleback Unified School District in 2019-20.

View Mona's Resume »

‌
Cyndi Paik

Dr. Cyndi Paik has served as the Superintendent of the Westminster School District since 2019. Cyndi began her career as a teacher/literacy coach for the Orange Unified School District and then served as an Assistant Principal and Principal before moving into leadership in the District Office. Cyndi earned her doctoral degree from the University of Southern California in K-12 Urban Leadership. Dr. Paik has extensive experience teaching at the college level serving as an adjunct instructor, dissertation chair, and mentor coach.

View Cyndi's Resume »

‌
Cyndy Stephens

Dr. Cynthia Stephens has enjoyed an eclectic career as a teacher and administrator in numerous capacities in the education profession. Cyndy began as a special education teacher for students in grades 1-6 before moving into a District Coordinator position for Student Support Teams in a large metro district in Atlanta, Georgia. Cyndy served as an Assistant Elementary School Principal and then Principal where she was named National Distinguished Elementary Principal by the United States Department of Education. Dr. Stephens then transitioned to the Georgia Department of Education where she served as a Senior Staff Specialist for Research, Evaluation, and Testing and then became the Director of the Georgia Teaching Force Center. Today, Dr. Stephens serves the Executive Director of the Leadership and Education Effectiveness Group (The LEEG) Initiative and as an adjunct professor in the Ed.D. Leadership Program at Concordia University Irvine.

View Cyndy's Resume »

‌
Hanan Thornton

Hanan Thornton began her teaching career as a classroom teacher at Wilson Elementary School in Newport-Mesa Unified where she taught for six years before moving to Betsy Ross Elementary in the Anaheim City School District. During her teaching career, Hanan received the Anaheim City School District Teacher of the Year award in 2000 before moving into administration as a Vice Principal and then Principal at Clara Barton Elementary School. Hanan then became the Assistant Superintendent for Educational Services for the Magnolia School District. Hanan earned her teaching credential at the University of California, Irvine and Master’s in Educational Administration from California State University, Fullerton. Hanan has served as an adjunct faculty member at Concordia University Irvine, is a presenter for the ACSA Instructional Leadership Academy, and devoted leadership coach for teachers and administrators.

Contact Us

For more information about the Leadership Coaches Bureau, please direct any questions to:

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
(949) 214-3256
kent.schlichtemeier@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

