experience, Gilbert has honed a sense of working with organizations to build health and high-performance. Gilbert has tremendous experience working with individuals and teams to create a strategic plan that will give measurable results and help you achieve success.

Prior to working with Townsend Leadership Group, Gilbert was the Associate Vice President and Dean of Students at Concordia University Irvine. While serving in that role, he gained extensive experience leading teams in working through stressful situations and building a healthy culture.

As a faculty member and leadership consultant, Gilbert works consistently with leaders and organizations to make significant changes that have a long-term impact. Gilbert’s goal is to create a culture of trust where people feel the freedom to achieve at the highest level.

Gilbert and his wife Christina have three very active children. When he isn’t creating impactful change for individuals and teams, Gilbert enjoys spending time with his family, playing basketball, and being at the beach.

‌
Kelly Gradstein

Kelly Gradstein began her teaching career as a first grade teacher in Detroit, Michigan before moving to the Temecula Valley Unified School District as a general education and then special education teacher. Kelly’s career transitioned from the classroom to administration to serve as the Principal of Paloma Elementary and Ysabel Barnett Elementary Schools in Temecula Valley. Today, Kelly is the Assistant Director of the Student Welfare and Success Department for the Temecula Valley Unified School District. Kelly has earned a M.Ed. in Educational Leadership and Administration and a M.Ed. in Special Education with an Autism Concentration.

‌
Belinda Karge

True to her values for all children and youth, Dr. Belinda Karge devotes her career to ensuring that all students have the best success opportunities and leaders are equipped with necessary tools to transform education environments. She is the Coordinator of Curriculum and Instruction and a Professor in the doctoral program at Concordia University Irvine and is a Professor Emeritus from California State University, Fullerton. At CUI she is responsible for EDD program development and improvement, faculty professional learning, curriculum development and assessment, and advising doctoral dissertations. She teaches research courses in the doctoral program and coordinates the Special Education Specialization. Dr. Karge was an Institute of Educational Leadership (IEL) Fellow and leads the CUI Policy class trip to Washington DC every summer.

Dr. Karge received her Ph.D. in Quantitative Methods, Special Education and Educational Psychology, and her Master’s Degree in Reading from the University of California, Riverside. She taught at both the elementary and high school levels and served in various leadership roles in public education subsequent to moving to the university. Prior to joining the faculty at CUI in 2015, she worked at several research universities, both as faculty and in administrative roles. Her professional record demonstrates a consistent pattern of scholarly and creative activities including research, publications (three textbooks, five curriculum texts, four book chapters, several educational tools, over 135 articles), and numerous grants (totaling over twenty million dollars).

Dr. Karge is an expert in research based instructional strategies. She is a sought-after presenter and coach in the areas of whole school reform, higher education engagement strategies, inclusive practices, Prek-12 co-teaching, on-line and face-to-face student engagement, pedagogical strategies, effective teaching and learning in diverse classroom groups. She has received a multitude of awards for her teaching and service to the profession. She was honored with the National Council for Learning Disabilities Floyd Hudson Outstanding Service to the Field of Learning Disabilities award and the Association for Childhood Education International (ACEI) service to the profession award. She is Past-President of the National Association for Alternative Certification. During her career, Dr. Karge has made multiple referred presentations to international, state, and local groups of school district employees and has keynoted several conferences. She travels extensively as a consultant for the U. S. Department of State Office of Overseas Schools.

Dr. Karge spends most mornings hiking or walking with her husband Doug. She is Lutheran and has led many mission trips both in the USA and abroad.

‌
Eugene Kim

Dr. Eugene Kim is as a respected professor in Concordia’s Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership Program with strong expertise in organizational change. Eugene began his teaching career as a chemistry/physical science teacher at John Marshall High School (LAUSD) before teaching as an Assistant Professor of Education at Pepperdine University. Dr. Kim has provided eclectic leadership skills to Concordia University since 2007 where