(ACEI) service to the profession award. She is Past-President of the National Association for Alternative Certification. During her career, Dr. Karge has made multiple referred presentations to international, state, and local groups of school district employees and has keynoted several conferences. She travels extensively as a consultant for the U. S. Department of State Office of Overseas Schools.

Dr. Karge spends most mornings hiking or walking with her husband Doug. She is Lutheran and has led many mission trips both in the USA and abroad.

‌
Eugene Kim

Dr. Eugene Kim is as a respected professor in Concordia’s Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership Program with strong expertise in organizational change. Eugene began his teaching career as a chemistry/physical science teacher at John Marshall High School (LAUSD) before teaching as an Assistant Professor of Education at Pepperdine University. Dr. Kim has provided eclectic leadership skills to Concordia University since 2007 where he first served for ten years as the Dean of Concordia’s Asia programs and today Chair of Concordia’s Institutional Review Board (IRB) and Professor of Leadership and Dissertation Chair.

View Eugene's Resume »

‌
Donna Lione

Donna Lione began her career in education as a science and technology teacher at the elementary school level before moving into the middle school classroom in the Temecula Unified School District. Donna served as an Assistant Principal for two years at Temecula Valley High School before becoming the Director of the Student Welfare and Success department for the Temecula Unified School District. Donna has earned a Masters in Science in Educational Administration and a California Administrative Clear Credential. In 2022, Donna was recognized as the Riverside County and Temecula Valley Unified Certificated Administrator of the Year.

View Donna's Resume »

‌
Darlene Messinger

Darlene Messinger has vast experience as an educational leader who serves as a professional consultant with proven success and experience in helping schools and districts in their continuous improvement efforts. Darlene began her career as an elementary school teacher in the Fullerton School District before moving into a career in administration serving as an Assistant Principal, Principal, and Assistant Superintendent in the Laguna Beach Unified School District. Today, Darlene is an active Board Member of ACSA Region 17 and the Director of the ACSA Curriculum and Instruction Academy.

View Darlene's Resume »

‌
Deborah Mercier

Dr. Deborah Mercier has been a passionate educator and leader since 1973. Deb began her illustrious career at Kraemer Junior High School in Placentia, working as a teacher and reading specialist, while working alongside her husband, Tom, at CME Associates, which provided continuing education and training for medical personnel and educators. From there, Deb took on the role of assistant principal at St. Paul's Lutheran School in Orange where she served for three years.

 In 1980, Deb started her own business, TEAM Learning Center in Orange, which was dedicated to serving the needs of children and young adults with learning disabilities through educational therapy, tutoring, and parent education. Deb came to Concordia University Irvine in 1997, first as an assistant professor and then quickly moved on to leadership roles such as Student Teacher University Supervisor, Director of Liberal Studies, and Reading Program Director. Finally, Deb served as the Dean of the School of Education from 2014 until her retirement in 2019.

Deb earned her bachelor's degree in English (and a minor in geography) from Cal State Fullerton and her master's degree with an emphasis in reading from Cal State Fullerton, as well. She earned her PhD in Education from Claremont Graduate University. Deb's areas of study were professional development, acquisition of English as a second language, and learning across the lifespan.

Upon retiring from CUI in 2019, Deb has enjoyed volunteering at her home church, St. Paul's Lutheran in Orange, especially focusing her time on the expanding Hispanic Ministry, while continuing to serve on committees at St. Paul's Lutheran School. Deb enjoys creating all forms of art, reading, traveling to Sedona, AZ with her family, and spending quality time with her five grandchildren. Deb asserts: "My greatest delight in life is appreciating and encouraging my family, colleagues, and students as they seek to fully develop their God-given gifts."

‌
Mona Montgomery

Mona Montgomery has a vast background as a classroom teacher and school administrator. Dr. Montgomery today serves as the Principal at Lomarena Elementary School in the Saddleback Valley Unified School District and Adjunct Professor of Education at Concordia University Irvine. Dr. Montgomery earned her Doctorate in Organizational Leadership from Brandman University and Administrative Credential from California State University Fullerton. Dr. Montgomery 