https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/education/servant-leadership-institute/leadership-coaches-bureau
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Servant Leadership Institute

Academies
Leadership Symposia
Director
Leadership Bureau
Perfecting the Practice Blog
Contact 
LEADERSHIP COACHES BUREAU
Servant Leadership Institute
Leadership Coaches Bureau

Preparing school leaders for success, and supporting leaders, is critical to the future of education.  Administrator and teacher attrition is expensive and detrimental to overall school success and student learning.  Concordia’s Servant Leadership Institute provides high-quality support for administrators and teachers to grow professionally from a leadership coaching relationship.  

Why work with a Leadership Coach?
Practical, useful, and candid advice for handling tasks in leadership
Confidential and individualized encouragement and support
Sounding board for ideas
Problem solving strategies
Fellowship, friendship, and emotional support
Who are the Leadership Coaches?
Experienced school administrators, superintendents, professors, teachers
Each mentor will receive formal training per team coaching certification standards
What is the Leadership Coaching process?
Participate in a 60-90 minute reflective dialogue via Zoom once a month for desired length of time
Personal goals will be mutually established and monitored to develop and refine participants’ leadership skills, abilities, and philosophy.

 

Leadership Coaches
‌
Teresa Egan

Teresa Egan began her career in education as an elementary school teacher where she was recognized for her exemplary leadership as a Teacher of the Year before moving into administration as a Principal in the La Habra City School District and then as an Assistant Superintendent. Today, Dr. Egan serves as an Adjunct professor at Concordia University Irvine and mentors teachers and administrators as an Executive Leadership Coach. Dr. Egan earned her Doctorate of Education in Educational Leadership from Concordia University Irvine and Masters of Science in Educational Administration from California State University Fullerton.

View Teresa's Resume »

‌
Christy Flores

Christy Flores is in her ninth year as the proud principal of Davis Magnet Elementary School, located in Newport-Mesa Unified School District. Davis Magnet School is a high performing math, science, and technology magnet school that offers project-based learning opportunities to almost 600 preschool through sixth grade students who travel across Costa Mesa, Newport Beach, and Corona Del Mar to attend the lottery-based school. During the past nine years Davis Magnet School has earned recognition as a California Gold Ribbon School, CA PBIS Silver and two-time Gold Medal School, a two-time Educational Results Partnership Honor Roll School, and most recently as a 2021 National Blue Ribbon School as an Exemplary Achievement Gap Closing School. 

Christy attributes the school’s success to the strong, positive, collaborative school culture that has developed over time thanks to the devoted staff and families who work together to support student achievement. Davis’ academic success is accomplished in tandem with supporting students’ behavioral and social-emotional needs, along with the mental well-being of students and staff alike. Christy began her career as an elementary teacher, being named Teacher-Of-The-Year at two different schools. Recently, she received the 2021 Terrel H. Bell Award for Outstanding Leadership, which was awarded to eight of the 325 Blue Ribbon principals around the country. In addition to serving as the Lead Learner at Davis, Christy has been married to her husband Chris, a high school history teacher and football coach, for almost twelve years. Together they have two small children, Isabelle (7) and Isaiah (4). 

‌
Gilbert Fugitt

With more than 20 years of experience in higher education and ministry leadership experience, Gilbert has honed a sense of working with organizations to build health and high-performance. Gilbert has tremendous experience working with individuals and teams to create a strategic plan that will give measurable results and help you achieve success.

Prior to working with Townsend Leadership Group, Gilbert was the Associate Vice President and Dean of Students at Concordia University Irvine. While serving in that role, he gained extensive experience leading teams in working through stressful situations and building a healthy culture.

As a faculty member and leadership consultant, Gilbert works consistently with leaders and organizations to make significant changes that have a long-term impact. Gilbert’s goal is to create a culture of trust where people feel the freedom to achieve at the highest level.

Gilbert and his wife Christina have three very active children. When he isn’t creating impactful change for individuals and teams, Gilbert enjoys spending time with his f