https://www.cui.edu/townsend/programs/masters/organizational-leadership
Skip to main content
Programs
About
Live Info Sessions
REQUEST INFO
APPLY NOW

 All Master's Degrees

Master's or Certificate in

Organizational Leadership

REQUEST INFO

APPLY NOW

Revamping Leadership; Refining Lives

A graduate degree or certificate in organizational leadership from Concordia’s Townsend Institute helps students devise or redesign their leadership to excel in today’s organizations - for-profit, non-profit, churchwork, or small business sectors. Using our 3C framework (Competence, Character, Connection), along with engagement from faculty, fellows, and Dr. Townsend himself, students will experience growth in both their professional leadership skills as well as their personal and relational lives.

Accessible: Online Classes
Affordable: $635 Cost Per Unit
Accredited: WSCUC Accredited
Accelerated: 12-20 Month Program
Start in February or August
Help people reach their fullest potential
Learn to lead change and enhance performance
Personally learn from Dr. John Townsend
Engage with world-class Christian thought leaders

APPLY NOW

Get Started Today

Our dedicated admissions counselors are here to help.

Fellows & Faculty

One of our greatest highlights at Concordia is not only studying the best and latest in leadership theory and strategy, but also having the opportunity to meet and interact with the great minds behind the work through our Institute fellows.These include some of the biggest names in the field, including: Ken Blanchard (The One Minute Manager, Raving Fans, Lead Like Jesus) and Patrick Lencioni (5 Dysfunctions of a Team, Working Genius). We continuously add to our impressive lineup of fellows to further enhance and influence our students’ experience.

Meet Our Faculty

Another strength of our program is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you as a person and work to cultivate mentoring relationships. Throughout the ORGL program, you will partner with qualified instructors whose leadership experience spans a variety of fields and sectors.

Full-Time
Ashlie Andrew
Organizational Leadership Program Director
Gilbert Fugitt
Program Director of Organizational Psychology
Adjunct Faculty
Jill Bjorndahl-Jay
Adjunct Professor, PCC
Barry Davis
Adjunct Professor
Jon Kidwell
Adjunct Professor
Frances Leonor
Adjunct Professor
Chad Minor
Adjunct Professor
Kellie Playter
Adjunct Professor
Rukiya Robinson
Adjunct Professor
Tamara Sauer
Adjunct Professor
Curriculum & Partnerships

The partnerships we’ve cultivated with fellows over the years help provide additional opportunities for our students to achieve more, all on the path towards their degree or certificate. Additional ROIs include assessment, facilitator and EQ certifications. Leadership pioneer James MacGregor Burns remarked decades ago that, “Leadership is one of the most observed and least understood phenomena on earth.” And while we at the Townsend Institute agree the study of leadership is an ongoing journey, we are proud to offer a curriculum rooted in several key areas essential to both personal and professional growth.

Our leadership curriculum is:

Theoretical & Tactical
Historical leadership theories & trends
Organizational change
Conflict management
Digital communication skills
Scholarly & Servant-hearted
Cultural humility
Neuroscience
Organizational culture
Emotional intelligence
Practical & Personal
Dr. Townsend’s Growth Model
Team building
Human capital
Training up talent
Typical 7-week courses include:
Three synchronous courses with professor & classmates*
One virtual Town Hall with faculty/fellows*
Classic & contemporary readings
Engaging videos
Thought-provoking discussion forums
Creative assignments (i.e. leadership trainings, podcast recordings, culture analyses, goal setting, EQ assessments…)
Ongoing professional & personal growth plan
 

*All synchronous events are recorded and sent to students if they cannot attend.

Get In Touch

For more information about the Organizational Leadership program at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Patty Hunt
Sr. Graduate Admissions Counselor
patricia.hunt@cui.edu
949-214-3848

Featured Alumni
The Townsend Institute had such an immediate, positive impact on my character development, and my interactions with others, my manager asked what I was doing differently. I shared it was the Townsend Institute. My manager was so impressed with the results of this program that I was reimbursed for the entire cost!

Cheryl Todd
M.A. Organizational Leadership, 2018

Join us LIVE!

Experience a new kind of relational education. Join us online LIVE and hear from our faculty, academic advisors, current students, and alumni about their experience in the Townsend Institute.

Ask Dr. John Townsend your questions about the Institute and our offerings
Learn how our counseling and leadership programs can advance your career
Connect with other prospective students exploring our programs
Become eligible for scholarships and other prizes by participating in our info session

MAY

15

Townsend LIVE Information Night

 Wed, May 15, 2024, 5:30 PM PST

 Online

REGISTER NOW »

JUN

10

Townsend LIVE Information Night

 Mon, Jun 10, 2024, 5:30 PM PST

 Online

REGISTER NOW »

Learn more about Townsend Institute LIVE »

Study at the Townsend Institute
Coursework
Learn from the best
Residency
About Concordia University Irvine
Outcomes
How to apply
Start your application today.

Take your next step toward creating the career, and the life, you’ve been waiting for.

APPLY NOW

CONTACT ADMISSIONS

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

