every summer.

Dr. Karge received her Ph.D. in Quantitative Methods, Special Education and Educational Psychology, and her Master’s Degree in Reading from the University of California, Riverside. She taught at both the elementary and high school levels and served in various leadership roles in public education subsequent to moving to the university. Prior to joining the faculty at Concordia University Irvine in 2015, she worked at several research universities, both as faculty and in administrative roles. Her professional record demonstrates a consistent pattern of scholarly and creative activities including research, publications (three textbooks, five curriculum texts, four book chapters, several educational tools, over 135 articles), and numerous grants (totaling over twenty million dollars).

Dr. Karge is an expert in research based instructional strategies. She is a sought-after presenter and coach in the areas of whole school reform, higher education engagement strategies, inclusive practices, Prek-12 co-teaching, on-line and face-to-face student engagement, pedagogical strategies, effective teaching and learning in diverse classroom groups. She has received a multitude of awards for her teaching and service to the profession. She was honored with the National Council for Learning Disabilities Floyd Hudson Outstanding Service to the Field of Learning Disabilities award and the Association for Childhood Education International (ACEI) service to the profession award. She is Past-President of the National Association for Alternative Certification. During her career, Dr. Karge has made multiple referred presentations to international, state, and local groups of school district employees and has keynoted several conferences. She travels extensively as a consultant for the U. S. Department of State Office of Overseas Schools.

Dr. Karge spends most mornings hiking or walking with her husband Doug. She is Lutheran and has led many mission trips both in the USA and abroad.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Belinda Karge directly at: belinda.karge@cui.edu

‌
Dr. Eugene Kim
Professor in Ed.D. Program
Concordia University Irvine
Speaking Topics:
Designing Your Life (5-part series)
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion through Attunement & Empathy
Penguins & Icebergs: Organizational Change in 8 Steps
From Vision to Action: Backwards Design
CQ: Cultural Intelligence

Dr. Eugene Kim is as a respected professor in Concordia’s Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership Program with strong expertise in organizational change. Eugene began his teaching career as a chemistry/physical science teacher at John Marshall High School (LAUSD) before teaching as an Assistant Professor of Education at Pepperdine University. Dr. Kim has provided eclectic leadership skills to Concordia University since 2007 where he first served for ten years as the Dean of Concordia’s Asia programs and today Chair of Concordia’s Institutional Review Board (IRB) and Professor of Leadership and Dissertation Chair.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Dr. Kim directly at: eugene.kim@cui.edu

‌
Sara Morgan
Assistant Professor
Director: EDSP
Speaking Topics:
Universal Design for Learning (UDL)
Social Emotional Learning (SEL)
Effective Professional Development: Adult Learning Theory

Sara Morgan is a graduate of Chapman University, where she earned a B.A. in Communications. After graduation, she continued on to receive two teaching credentials (Multiple Subject and Education Specialist) and a Master's Degree in Special Education. She taught, as a resource teacher, for Lutheran Special Education Ministries, a special day class teacher, for the Westminster School District, and served as a Teacher on Special Assignment (TOSA) and Program Specialist, for the Garden Grove Unified School District.

Sara is pursuing advanced education in Multi-Tiered System of Support (MTSS) and continuously strives to sharpen her teaching practices to model universally designed learning experiences.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Sara Morgan directly at: sara.morgan@cui.edu

‌
Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
Concordia University Irvine
Speaking Topics:
Timeless Leadership Principles
Motivating in Today's Apathetic Society
Effective Teaching Strategies that Maximize Student Learning

Kent Schlichtemeier has enjoyed serving for over four decades as a leader in education. He began his career teaching 6th-8th grades. After completing his Master’s degree at the University of Denver, he taught and coached at the high school level in Orlando, FL. Kent served as a Professor in the School of Education at Concordia University Irvine from 1988-2003. In addition to teaching at Concordia, Kent was the women’s basketball coach until retiring from coaching in 1993 to pursue his doctoral degree. During the final two seasons of Kent’s tenure as coach, the Lady Eagle basketball team made two consecutive app