https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/education/servant-leadership-institute/speakers-bureau
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Servant Leadership Institute

Academies
Leadership Symposia
Director
Leadership Bureau
Perfecting the Practice Blog
Contact 
SPEAKER BUREAU
Servant Leadership Institute
Servant Leadership Institute Speakers Bureau

Concordia’s Servant Leadership Institute is happy to provide the community with access to talented leaders who are eager to serve as resources to speak on topics of their expertise at school professional development seminars, retreats, banquets, graduations and community events.

Speakers Bureau
‌
Heather Churney
Director of School Counseling Program
Concordia University Irvine
Speaking Topics:
Mental Health and Teens
Crisis Preparation and Management in Schools
College and Career Guidance in Middle and High School Students

Heather Churney is the Director of the School Counseling Program at Concordia University, Irvine. She spent 12 years in public, private and charter schools serving as a high school counselor and is credentialed in Arizona and California. For the past 7 years she has served as a mentor for Graduate School Counseling students in a variety of capacities.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Heather Churney directly at: heather.churney@cui.edu

‌
Lori Doyle
Speaking Topics:
Servant leadership
Teacher burnout
Self-efficacy
Brain-based teaching / cognition / metacognition
Graduate-level and academic writing
Community of Inquiry
Online learning
Adult learners

Dr. Lori Doyle works as Assistant Professor of Education at Concordia University Irvine where she served as Program Director for MAEd: Curriculum and Instruction for six years and now serves as Director of the Master of Arts in Educational Leadership: Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics program. She is Subject Matter Expert for multiple courses in both programs and has worked on extensive curriculum development projects for the university. Working as an instructor keeps her mindful of relevant and changing trends in adult education. Lori has taught at several universities over the past twenty years, but her career began as a high school English and Theology teacher and curriculum writer. She holds a California Clear Credential in Secondary Education, MAEd in Curriculum and Instruction, and a PhD in Psychology with an emphasis in Cognition. Her areas of research interest are adult education, Biblical contexts, leadership, and faculty mental health.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Lori Doyle directly at: lori.doyle@cui.edu

‌
Belinda Dunnick Karge, Ph.D.
Professor Doctoral Programs
Chair, EDD Special Education Leadership
Speaking Topics:
Schoolwide Reform to Include Students with Disabilities
Special Education 101 for Administrators
Mental Health Curriculum for Secondary Students
Research-Based Instructional Strategies
The Fruit of the Spirit Educator Supports
Engaging all Learners
Instructional Coaching and Mentoring
Data-Based Decision Making for Schools

True to her values for all children and youth, Dr. Belinda Karge devotes her career to ensuring that all students have the best success opportunities and leaders are equipped with necessary tools to transform education environments. She is the Coordinator of Curriculum and Instruction and a Professor in the doctoral program at Concordia University Irvine and is a Professor Emeritus from California State University, Fullerton. At Concordia University Irvine she is responsible for EDD program development and improvement, faculty professional learning, curriculum development and assessment, and advising doctoral dissertations. She teaches research courses in the doctoral program and coordinates the Special Education Specialization. Dr. Karge was an Institute of Educational Leadership (IEL) Fellow and leads the CUI Policy class trip to Washington DC every summer.

Dr. Karge received her Ph.D. in Quantitative Methods, Special Education and Educational Psychology, and her Master’s Degree in Reading from the University of California, Riverside. She taught at both the elementary and high school levels and served in various leadership roles in public education subsequent to moving to the university. Prior to joining the faculty at Concordia University Irvine in 2015, she worked at several research universities, both as faculty and in administrative roles. Her professional record demonstrates a consistent pattern of scholarly and creative activities including research, publications (three textbooks, five curriculum texts, four book chapters, several educational tools, over 135 articles), and numerous grants (totaling over twenty million dollars).

Dr. Karge is an expert in research based instructional strategies. She is a sought-after presenter and coach in the areas of whole school reform, higher education engagement strategies, inclus