https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/education/servant-leadership-institute/speakers-bureau
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Servant Leadership Institute

Academies
Leadership Symposia
Director
Leadership Bureau
Perfecting the Practice Blog
Contact 
SPEAKER BUREAU
Servant Leadership Institute
Servant Leadership Institute Speakers Bureau

Concordia’s Servant Leadership Institute is happy to provide the community with access to talented leaders who are eager to serve as resources to speak on topics of their expertise at school professional development seminars, retreats, banquets, graduations and community events.

Speakers Bureau
‌
Heather Churney
Director of School Counseling Program
Concordia University Irvine
Speaking Topics:
Mental Health and Teens
Crisis Preparation and Management in Schools
College and Career Guidance in Middle and High School Students

Heather Churney is the Director of the School Counseling Program at Concordia University, Irvine. She spent 12 years in public, private and charter schools serving as a high school counselor and is credentialed in Arizona and California. For the past 7 years she has served as a mentor for Graduate School Counseling students in a variety of capacities.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Heather Churney directly at: heather.churney@cui.edu

‌
Lori Doyle
Speaking Topics:
Servant leadership
Teacher burnout
Self-efficacy
Brain-based teaching / cognition / metacognition
Graduate-level and academic writing
Community of Inquiry
Online learning
Adult learners

Dr. Lori Doyle works as Assistant Professor of Education at Concordia University Irvine where she served as Program Director for MAEd: Curriculum and Instruction for six years and now serves as Director of the Master of Arts in Educational Leadership: Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics program. She is Subject Matter Expert for multiple courses in both programs and has worked on extensive curriculum development projects for the university. Working as an instructor keeps her mindful of relevant and changing trends in adult education. Lori has taught at several universities over the past twenty years, but her career began as a high school English and Theology teacher and curriculum writer. She holds a California Clear Credential in Secondary Education, MAEd in Curriculum and Instruction, and a PhD in Psychology with an emphasis in Cognition. Her areas of research interest are adult education, Biblical contexts, leadership, and faculty mental health.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Lori Doyle directly at: lori.doyle@cui.edu

‌
Belinda Dunnick Karge, Ph.D.
Professor Doctoral Programs
Chair, EDD Special Education Leadership
Speaking Topics:
Schoolwide Reform to Include Students with Disabilities
Special Education 101 for Administrators
Mental Health Curriculum for Secondary Students
Research-Based Instructional Strategies
The Fruit of the Spirit Educator Supports
Engaging all Learners
Instructional Coaching and Mentoring
Data-Based Decision Making for Schools

True to her values for all children and youth, Dr. Belinda Karge devotes her career to ensuring that all students have the best success opportunities and leaders are equipped with necessary tools to transform education environments. She is the Coordinator of Curriculum and Instruction and a Professor in the doctoral program at Concordia University Irvine and is a Professor Emeritus from California State University, Fullerton. At Concordia University Irvine she is responsible for EDD program development and improvement, faculty professional learning, curriculum development and assessment, and advising doctoral dissertations. She teaches research courses in the doctoral program and coordinates the Special Education Specialization. Dr. Karge was an Institute of Educational Leadership (IEL) Fellow and leads the CUI Policy class trip to Washington DC every summer.

Dr. Karge received her Ph.D. in Quantitative Methods, Special Education and Educational Psychology, and her Master’s Degree in Reading from the University of California, Riverside. She taught at both the elementary and high school levels and served in various leadership roles in public education subsequent to moving to the university. Prior to joining the faculty at Concordia University Irvine in 2015, she worked at several research universities, both as faculty and in administrative roles. Her professional record demonstrates a consistent pattern of scholarly and creative activities including research, publications (three textbooks, five curriculum texts, four book chapters, several educational tools, over 135 articles), and numerous grants (totaling over twenty million dollars).

Dr. Karge is an expert in research based instructional strategies. She is a sought-after presenter and coach in the areas of whole school reform, higher education engagement strategies, inclusive practices, Prek-12 co-teaching, on-line and face-to-face student engagement, pedagogical strategies, effective teaching and learning in diverse classroom groups. She has received a multitude of awards for her teaching and service to the profession. She was honored with the National Council for Learning Disabilities Floyd Hudson Outstanding Service to the Field of Learning Disabilities award and the Association for Childhood Education International (ACEI) service to the profession award. She is Past-President of the National Association for Alternative Certification. During her career, Dr. Karge has made multiple referred presentations to international, state, and local groups of school district employees and has keynoted several conferences. She travels extensively as a consultant for the U. S. Department of State Office of Overseas Schools.

Dr. Karge spends most mornings hiking or walking with her husband Doug. She is Lutheran and has led many mission trips both in the USA and abroad.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Belinda Karge directly at: belinda.karge@cui.edu

‌
Dr. Eugene Kim
Professor in Ed.D. Program
Concordia University Irvine
Speaking Topics:
Designing Your Life (5-part series)
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion through Attunement & Empathy
Penguins & Icebergs: Organizational Change in 8 Steps
From Vision to Action: Backwards Design
CQ: Cultural Intelligence

Dr. Eugene Kim is as a respected professor in Concordia’s Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership Program with strong expertise in organizational change. Eugene began his teaching career as a chemistry/physical science teacher at John Marshall High School (LAUSD) before teaching as an Assistant Professor of Education at Pepperdine University. Dr. Kim has provided eclectic leadership skills to Concordia University since 2007 where he first served for ten years as the Dean of Concordia’s Asia programs and today Chair of Concordia’s Institutional Review Board (IRB) and Professor of Leadership and Dissertation Chair.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Dr. Kim directly at: eugene.kim@cui.edu

‌
Sara Morgan
Assistant Professor
Director: EDSP
Speaking Topics:
Universal Design for Learning (UDL)
Social Emotional Learning (SEL)
Effective Professional Development: Adult Learning Theory

Sara Morgan is a graduate of Chapman University, where she earned a B.A. in Communications. After graduation, she continued on to receive two teaching credentials (Multiple Subject and Education Specialist) and a Master's Degree in Special Education. She taught, as a resource teacher, for Lutheran Special Education Ministries, a special day class teacher, for the Westminster School District, and served as a Teacher on Special Assignment (TOSA) and Program Specialist, for the Garden Grove Unified School District.

Sara is pursuing advanced education in Multi-Tiered System of Support (MTSS) and continuously strives to sharpen her teaching practices to model universally designed learning experiences.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Sara Morgan directly at: sara.morgan@cui.edu

‌
Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
Concordia University Irvine
Speaking Topics:
Timeless Leadership Principles
Motivating in Today's Apathetic Society
Effective Teaching Strategies that Maximize Student Learning

Kent Schlichtemeier has enjoyed serving for over four decades as a leader in education. He began his career teaching 6th-8th grades. After completing his Master’s degree at the University of Denver, he taught and coached at the high school level in Orlando, FL. Kent served as a Professor in the School of Education at Concordia University Irvine from 1988-2003. In addition to teaching at Concordia, Kent was the women’s basketball coach until retiring from coaching in 1993 to pursue his doctoral degree. During the final two seasons of Kent’s tenure as coach, the Lady Eagle basketball team made two consecutive appearances at the NAIA National Basketball Tournament after winning the Golden State Athletic Conference Championships. Kent was named the District Three NAIA Coach of the Year in 1992 and 1993 and was inducted into the Concordia Athletic Hall of Fame in 2006.

In 1996, Kent completed his Ed.D. at UCLA in Educational Leadership. Kent served as a teacher and Assistant Principal at Orange Lutheran High School from 2003-2007 before returning to teach at Concordia University Irvine and most recently served as the Dean of the School of Education. Today, Kent is thrilled to serve as the inaugural Director of the Servant Leadership Institute. Kent enjoys frequent opportunities to speak at sports banquets, school graduations, teacher conferences, leadership retreats, and business seminars.

Kent and his wife Cindy, are blessed by God with two children - Aaron and Kayla.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Dr. Schlichtemeier directly at: kent.schlichtemeier@cui.edu

‌
Dr. Michael W. Schulteis
Professor of Science Education
Director: MEd
Co-Director: Liberal Studies
Speaking Topics:
Inquiry-Based Teaching
Science Teaching Methods
General Teaching Methods
Science-based Chapel and Children's Messages
Teacher Pedagogical Development
School-Wide Action Research & Development

Prof. Michael Schulteis has been at Concordia University since 2003 teaching in the School of Education specializing in Science and Mathematics education as well as classroom management. Prior to arriving at Concordia University he taught at the Junior High School level as a 7th grade homeroom teacher teaching multiple subjects and as a science specialist for grades 6-8. At the High School level Michael taught chemistry, biology, and honors biology as well as being a coach and the taxidermy club advisor.

Dr. Schulteis earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1995, California Teaching Credential in 1996 and his Master of Arts in Curriculum and Instruction in 1998 all from Concordia University, Irvine. He earned his Doctor of Science Education degree from Curtin University of Technology, Perth, Australia. His dissertation thesis was “The Condition and Effects of Evolutionary Education in the Parochial School.”

Beyond his teaching duties, Prof. Schulteis serves as a Faculty Marshal at the University. Dr. Schulteis is a mentor for the American Meteorological Society Datastreme program. He is also a sought after seminar presenter and has made presentations to teachers across the United States, as well as from around the world including teachers from Korea, Japan, China, South Africa, and Australia.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Michael W. Schulteis directly at: michael.schulteis@cui.edu

Contact Us

For more information about the Speakers Bureau, please direct any questions to:

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
(949) 214-3256
kent.schlichtemeier@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

