sally designed learning experiences.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Sara Morgan directly at: sara.morgan@cui.edu

‌
Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
Concordia University Irvine
Speaking Topics:
Timeless Leadership Principles
Motivating in Today's Apathetic Society
Effective Teaching Strategies that Maximize Student Learning

Kent Schlichtemeier has enjoyed serving for over four decades as a leader in education. He began his career teaching 6th-8th grades. After completing his Master’s degree at the University of Denver, he taught and coached at the high school level in Orlando, FL. Kent served as a Professor in the School of Education at Concordia University Irvine from 1988-2003. In addition to teaching at Concordia, Kent was the women’s basketball coach until retiring from coaching in 1993 to pursue his doctoral degree. During the final two seasons of Kent’s tenure as coach, the Lady Eagle basketball team made two consecutive appearances at the NAIA National Basketball Tournament after winning the Golden State Athletic Conference Championships. Kent was named the District Three NAIA Coach of the Year in 1992 and 1993 and was inducted into the Concordia Athletic Hall of Fame in 2006.

In 1996, Kent completed his Ed.D. at UCLA in Educational Leadership. Kent served as a teacher and Assistant Principal at Orange Lutheran High School from 2003-2007 before returning to teach at Concordia University Irvine and most recently served as the Dean of the School of Education. Today, Kent is thrilled to serve as the inaugural Director of the Servant Leadership Institute. Kent enjoys frequent opportunities to speak at sports banquets, school graduations, teacher conferences, leadership retreats, and business seminars.

Kent and his wife Cindy, are blessed by God with two children - Aaron and Kayla.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Dr. Schlichtemeier directly at: kent.schlichtemeier@cui.edu

‌
Dr. Michael W. Schulteis
Professor of Science Education
Director: MEd
Co-Director: Liberal Studies
Speaking Topics:
Inquiry-Based Teaching
Science Teaching Methods
General Teaching Methods
Science-based Chapel and Children's Messages
Teacher Pedagogical Development
School-Wide Action Research & Development

Prof. Michael Schulteis has been at Concordia University since 2003 teaching in the School of Education specializing in Science and Mathematics education as well as classroom management. Prior to arriving at Concordia University he taught at the Junior High School level as a 7th grade homeroom teacher teaching multiple subjects and as a science specialist for grades 6-8. At the High School level Michael taught chemistry, biology, and honors biology as well as being a coach and the taxidermy club advisor.

Dr. Schulteis earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1995, California Teaching Credential in 1996 and his Master of Arts in Curriculum and Instruction in 1998 all from Concordia University, Irvine. He earned his Doctor of Science Education degree from Curtin University of Technology, Perth, Australia. His dissertation thesis was “The Condition and Effects of Evolutionary Education in the Parochial School.”

Beyond his teaching duties, Prof. Schulteis serves as a Faculty Marshal at the University. Dr. Schulteis is a mentor for the American Meteorological Society Datastreme program. He is also a sought after seminar presenter and has made presentations to teachers across the United States, as well as from around the world including teachers from Korea, Japan, China, South Africa, and Australia.

To schedule a speaking engagement, please reach out to Michael W. Schulteis directly at: michael.schulteis@cui.edu

Contact Us

For more information about the Speakers Bureau, please direct any questions to:

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
(949) 214-3256
kent.schlichtemeier@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

