d to Christian Education Leadership, Director of Christian Education, Research in Theology, Servant Leadership, or Theology and Culture. Additionally, you may be interested in a cohort like Apologetics which are offered during specific semesters. There are many options for customizing your academic plan within the core courses, your chosen emphasis area, and available electives. If you aren’t sure how to plan an emphasis or electives, an admissions counselor can help you determine your personal academic plan.

Christian Education Leadership
Director of Christian Education
Research in Theology
Servant Leadership
Theology and Culture
Online Delivery

The majority of our courses are delivered in a live, real-time online format, enabling you to enroll in the program without relocating. Classes meet in technologically enhanced classrooms featuring smart boards and data projection, enhanced microphones, and acoustical conditioning to better facilitate interaction of classroom participants with distance participants.

Summer Intensives

In the online Theology master’s program, even distance learners are required to take a minimum of two classes on site; however, with the option to take a summer intensive to complete a course in 9 days, you can manage your ministry and schedule needs while continuing your education. You might even want to use a summer intensive course as a reason to take a vacation in beautiful southern California, while you do the rest of your coursework online during the year.

Faculty Spotlight

Our professors strive to achieve faithful excellence in church and society and to cultivate these values in their students. Every faculty member is published, and all of them have practical ministry experience––many in cross-cultural settings. With class sizes typically ranging from 10-20 students, you will have the opportunity to intimately study theology in a community of scholars. Christ College professors are available to you and committed to your development.

Dr. Mike Middendorf
Professor of Theology

Dr. Middendorf has published a two-volume commentary on the book of Romans for the Concordia Commentary series published by Concordia Publishing House. He also co-authored a New Testament textbook used here, and at other Concordia Universities, titled Called by the Gospel. He has also enjoyed working on an archaeology dig for three summers at Hippos on the shore of the Sea of Galilee in Israel.

Dr. Joel Oesch
Director of Theology Graduate Programs, Professor of Theology

Dr. Joel Oesch, MDiv, holds a Ph.D. from Concordia Seminary, St. Louis, and is a graduate of Yale University. He currently serves as the Director of the Graduate Programs in Theology at Concordia University Irvine. Professor Oesch served as Director of Christian Education for 10 years. His research interests are embodied theology, the writings of Dietrich Bonhoeffer, and contemporary culture. He’s served Concordia since 2012.

Dr. Scott Stiegemeyer
Associate Professor of Theology

After serving as pastor for congregations near Pittsburgh, PA and Chicago, IL, bioethicist and theologian Scott Stiegemeyer joined the faculty at Concordia University Irvine in 2015. His Master of Divinity is from Concordia Theological Seminary and his doctorate in bioethics is from Loyola University, Chicago. A published author, and speaker, his research interests include theological anthropology, bioethics, church history, and Christian worship.



Previous Faculty Member


Next Faculty Member
VIEW ALL FACULTY
Success Spotlight
Crossing Cultures
Christ College Ink
Reclaiming the Christian Conversation


Previous Slide


Next Slide
Master of Arts in Theology Tuition

We're proud to offer our Master's in Theology at a competitive tuition price with financial aid available. For your convenience, we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

MA Theology Tuition	Summer '24	Fall '24 / Spring '25
Application Fee (Non-Refundable)	$50	$50
International Application Processing Fee (Non-Refundable)	$150	$150
Student Success Fee	$50	$50
Graduation Fee	 	Graduation Fee
MA - Theology	$649/Unit	$649/Unit
KINDLE Articulation Fee	$60/Unit	$60/Unit

*Tuition and fees are subject to change without notice

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Apply Today
Admission Requirements

To be considered for admission to the master’s program, a student must:

Provide one official transcript that shows a confirmed bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited college or university.
Submit a statement of intent.
Provide a minimum of two professional references.

View complete details for admissions requirements.

APPLY NOW
Get started today.

Have questions about a degree in Theology? Not sure how to get started? Fill out the form below, and one of our admissions counselors will get in touch with you.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Concordia