https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/theology
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Arts in Theology
Core Curriculum
Emphases
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Contact 
Apply Now
MASTER OF ARTS IN THEOLOGY
Christ College
EXPLORE 
Master of Arts in Theology
Christ College

Pursue advanced theological study for academic, professional, or personal development at Concordia University Irvine’s Master of Arts (MA) in Theology program. A confessional, orthodox, and missional university, we take seriously the Gospel of Jesus Christ and Christian faithfulness without compromising academic integrity. Every graduate theology program teaches from a certain perspective. Ours is a biblical one.

The Master’s in Theology degree is delivered through a “blended” instructional approach that offers flexibility for distance learners who live outside of the Orange County area. Blended instructional models are growing in popularity because adult students appreciate periodic face-to-face classroom connection times while being able to complete coursework primarily online. That means less time on campus, more time online, and the flexibility to fit continuing education into your home, family, and work life.

Students from a wide variety of Christian denominations have thrived in our graduate programs, going on to PhD’s and professorships in top universities, publishing books, and successfully serving in ministry.

Request Information
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

Program of Interest 
- Select program
CMC: LCMS Pastoral Certification
Master of Arts in Theology: Christian Education Leadership
Master of Arts in Theology: Christian Education Leadership w/LCMS DCE Cert
Master of Arts in Theology: Culture
Master of Arts in Theology: Pastoral Certification Program
Master of Arts in Theology: Research
Master of Arts in Theology: Servant Leadership
Theology Certificate
ApplicantType 
Domestic
International
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Program Highlights
Academic master's degree. Designed as a Master of Arts program, versus a seminary’s Master of Divinity (M.Div.) curriculum, our MA in Theology is a 32-unit degree, similar to most other academic master's degree programs.
Solid curricular foundation with specific applications. The core of the MA Theology curriculum is supplemented with customizable emphases, electives, guided readings, and thesis research to meet your particular needs and interests.
Real-time online and face-to-face instruction. The majority of our courses are delivered in a live, real-time online format, enabling you to enroll in the program without relocating.
Convenient scheduling with on-campus summer intensives. Summer courses are taught on campus in nine-day intensive formats, enabling our distance students to spend time on our beautiful campus for meaningful experiences.
Committed faculty of scholar-teachers. You will be taught and mentored by professors who are committed to faithful biblical teaching, to the historical Christian faith, to life in Christ’s Church, and to the life of the intellect.
No specific major or GRE requirement. We believe that your aptitude for graduate-level study can be determined without the need for a more general examination. Therefore, our program does not require the GRE for admission.
Open to qualified students of all religious affiliations. Regardless of your background and religious affiliation, you will be welcomed, respected, and challenged to think, reflect, and learn in our program.
Program Timelines

Due to the flexibility and ability to customize your program, contact an admissions counselor to discuss upcoming start dates and how to plan your coursework. The MA program generally runs for a 15-week term during the fall and spring semesters and for a 9-day summer intensive.

If you are pursuing certifications with the Cross-Cultural Ministry Center or other programs with oversight by The Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod, there may be different term lengths to understand within your expanded coursework beyond the MA in Theology.

Start Term	Term Dates
Fall	August 21, 2023 - December 15, 2023
Spring	January 8, 2024 - May 3, 2024
Summer	May 13, 2024 - August 23, 2024

APPLY NOW

Not sure yet? Request more information.

Curriculum

The core of the MA Theology curriculum will equip you with a solid foundation in research skills and the major divisions of theology. This is supplemented with customizable emphases, electives, guided readings, and thesis research to meet your particular needs and interests. 

You will be equipped with modern research tools, including your own personal copy of Logos Bible Software® (Bronze package; retail value over $600) and access to our library of 77,000 books, hundreds of journals, and thousands of e-books.

SAMPLE COURSES
THL 501: Introduction to Theo