https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/mba
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Business Administration
Curriculum 
Faculty
Alumni
Mentorship
Financial Aid
Events 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (MBA)
Concordia University Irvine
 
 
EXPLORE 
The ‘MB8’: How Eight MBA Students Formed a Special Bond
Take Charge of Your Future
New Concentration: Sports Business

Many of our MBA students know at the outset that they have what it takes to become successful business leaders or entrepreneurs. They’re just not sure how to harness it. What they need is direction from someone who’s been there, to help develop and bring their gifts to fruition. That’s where we come in. At Concordia University Irvine, our MBA program has a history of coming alongside such students, regardless of life stage or occupation.

This is a program that will help you explore and refine your talents. Whether you want to advance in an established firm or leap into your own startup, you’ll learn ways to make it happen. Our flexible and face-to-face program allows you to immediately start applying your education by concentrating on the practical side of business, without ignoring management theory.

Most importantly, you will discover a cooperative and collaborative environment in our classrooms. Students develop bonds that help advance and last throughout your career. And Concordia MBA professors teach from experience. In fact, when they’re not in the classroom, many are running successful businesses of their own throughout Orange County and the greater Los Angeles area. You will learn from instructors who want to share their insights by mentoring the next class of emerging business talent. They're here to help prepare and equip you for your career path, wherever it leads.

Request Info
Learn from Experience

It’s the people that make the program. Our hand-picked faculty are experienced and qualified professionals from Southern California’s thriving business economy. Their mission is to share their knowledge about what makes business leaders successful. Our emphasis on accessible mentorship means our professors are looking to actively align with your business goals and pursuits. They want to unlock your potential.

Megan Williams

Experience: Megan Williams is currently working as Senior Project Manager for General Electric (GE) Healthcare. She is an experienced project leader with a proven track record of leading successful clinical projects, technology projects, and product development initiatives to improve patient care.
Megan has extensive experience managing large scale projects pertaining to complex mergers and acquisitions, strategy and innovation/technology. Additionally, Megan has expertise in setting up project management offices and leading global virtual teams. She is passionate about mentoring young professionals and is honored to serve as a Concordia University Irvine MHA advisory board member.
Education: MBA from Concordia University, Irvine, B.A. from University of California, Irvine
Courses: Project Management

Shea Frates

Experience: Digital Media Strategist at Pacific Life; 10+ years in social media and digital marketing strategy
Education: M.B.A., Concordia University Irvine; B.A. Mass Communication, Concordia University Irvine; M.S. Candidate in Digital Media Management at USC
Courses: Digital Marketing, Marketing Communications

Matt Weiss

Experience: Matt Weiss is a data scientist at Facebook, helping lead product analytics in their Reality Labs division. Matt’s work spans across many products and features as he helps development of the company’s AI assistant. Prior to this, Matt was the head of business intelligence at In-N-Out Burger, developing the company's data strategy, building innovative reporting, crafting impactful analyses, and assisting with other wide-reaching initiatives. Additional experience includes leadership roles in analytics at Blizzard Entertainment and Taco Bell, with focuses on marketing, product engagement, and sales optimization.
Education: MBA at the University of California, Irvine, BA in Economics at the University of California, Santa Cruz
Courses: Data Analytics

Laszlo Zoltany

Experience: Controller and Finance Manager
Education: Controller and Finance Manager
Courses: Accounting

SEE ALL FACULTY
 
Illuminating Mentorship Program

A sounding board, business coach, advocate, advisor, connector, voice of reason, role model – your mentor sheds light on the path ahead. By being matched to mentors in your field of interest, you gain invaluable guidance that equips you for the pathway ahead. The Illuminating Mentorship Program is a unique opportunity offered to MBA students in our School of Business & Economics that allows you to work one-on-one with a mentor for two semesters throughout the course of your time in the program.

LEARN MORE

Master Best Business Practices

Concordi