https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/teacher-credential/index/id/18717
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Teacher Credential Program
Teacher Credentials 
Program Information
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Events 
Contact
Apply Now
COMBINED CREDENTIAL & M.ED PROGRAM
Teacher Credential Program
Combined Credential & M.Ed Program

Concordia offers a combined credential and M.Ed program. This means you can apply 30 units of your 500 level credential coursework to a Master’s Degree in Education.

The credential course requirements and student teaching are the foundation for the M.Ed. All students seeking a M.Ed. must complete the credential program, and then add the advanced course work and capstone experience. The total number of units in the M.Ed. is 45 (30 preliminary credential units and advanced units beyond the credential).

Purpose Statement

The Combined Credential and M.Ed. program prepares teachers who demonstrate knowledge of theory and practice by making informed decisions leading to exemplary instruction for all learners.

Program Outcomes

This program of study will enable each candidate to:

Integrate Intentional Design (IID) Research and develop instructional content and pedagogy in order to apply learned skills to support and assess the attainment of learning outcomes for all students.

Apply Disciplinary Competencies (ADC) Demonstrate analytical skills and knowledge necessary to develop and implement effective and ethically informed content and pedagogy.

Model Ethical Leadership (MEL) Model servant leadership by supporting, collaborating and sharing expertise within a diverse professional community.

Exercise Informed Reflection (EIR) Implement a balanced approach to the analysis and development of the teaching and learning processes.

Promote Active Learning (PAL) Identify effective strategies for lifelong learning in a global and digital world, including shaping a personal learning network to support continuous professional growth in curriculum and instruction.

Course Sequence
Credential Program (without EDUC 200, EDUC/EDSP 204, 301)	30 units
Electives: Select Three
EDU 520	Curriculum Design and Assessment	3 units
EDU 524	Coping with Stress and Violence in Today's Classroom	3 units
EDU 542	School, Community and Diverse Family Structures	3 units
EDU 547	Brain-Based Teaching and Learning	3 units
EDU 595	Developing Character and Ethics	3 units
EDUI 592	Assessment of Induction & Professional Development – Part 1	3 units
EDUI 593	Assessment of Induction & Professional Development – Part 2	3 units
Capstone Experience
EDU 580	Educational Research	3 units
EDU 605	Capstone Project	3 units

 

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

