y of the program learning outcomes.

LEARN MORE

Faculty

One of our greatest strengths at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you as a person and cultivate mentoring relationships with the students they teach. Throughout the MHA program, you will partner with qualified instructors who work in the field and want to propel you toward advancing your career in the healthcare industry.

Dr. Catherine Sinardi, Ed.D. MFT
Program Director and Professor

Dr. Sinardi holds a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from St. Cloud State University and a Master's degree in Counseling from California State University, Long Beach. She became a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist in 2006. In 2011, Dr. Sinardi completed her Doctor of Education degree in Organizational Leadership at the University of La Verne.

Todd Kane, MBA MAED MIT
Assistant Professor

Professor Kane received his Master's of Business Administration with a specialization in Healthcare Administration from Northcentral University. He also has a Master's of Education with a concentration in Organizational Leadership and a Master's in Information Technology with a concentration in computer security and assurance. Professor Kane's experience in business, healthcare, and healthcare administration spans more than 20 years. During that time he has served as the president and CEO of a multi-million dollar private national healthcare recruitment, human resources, and outsourcing firm for more than a decade.

MEET OUR FACULTY

Faculty Publication and News
Perspectives and Insights from Concordia Healthcare Faculty
Studying Loss in Lockdowns

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on June 21, 2021

In early 2020, during the unprecedented public health lockdowns, Dr. Erin Nelson felt an urgency to dive in and study what was happening in society. Nelson posted an open invitation on social media to see who was interested in partnering to research communication-related aspects of responses to the virus outbreak. Dr. Cathi Sinardi, who directs Concordia University Irvine's Master of Healthcare Administration program, and Master of Public Health program, and Concordia University Irvine's two under-graduate Healthcare Management majors was one of the first to respond.

Read Article 

Healthcare Roundtable

By Orange County Business Journal
Posted on April 19, 2021

Concordia University Irvine’s Director of Healthcare Programs Dr. Catherine Sinardi participated in a Q&A with Healthcare Professionals for the Orange County Business Journal. Take a look at her answers, extracted from the full OCBJ article. 

Read Article 

Three Positives in This Pandemic

By Todd Kane
Posted on May 15, 2020

Yes, there are positives in this pandemic though we may have to look closely to find them. Here are a few of the observations that Professor Kane has made that are surprising, inspiring, and provide confidence that we will get through this.

Read Article 

Tuition and Financial Aid
Tuition/Fee	Fall '24 / Spring '25
Student Success Fee	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: Domestic	$50
Graduation Fee	Graduation Fee
Cost per Unit	$644

*Tuition and fees are subject to change without notice

We're proud to offer our master's degree in healthcare administration at a competitive tuition price with financial aid available. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Apply Today
Admission Requirements

To be considered for admission to the master’s program, a student must:

Provide one official transcript that shows a confirmed bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited college or university.
Submit a statement of intent.
Provide a minimum of one professional reference.
Submit a current professional resume.

View complete details for admissions requirements.

International students, please note: the MHA program is a fully online program. Concordia University Irvine does not issue the Form I-20 for this fully online program. For more information, please contact healthcare@cui.edu.

Get in Touch

For more information or any questions, we invite you to contact us directly at healthcare@cui.edu.

Get Started

APR

30

5:30 PM

Info Nights

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

RSVP TODAY

Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our program.

REQUEST INFO

Apply

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus M