https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/healthcare-administration
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Healthcare Administration
About
Curriculum 
Faculty
Info Nights
Financial Aid
Newsletters
Partnerships
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MASTER OF HEALTHCARE ADMINISTRATION
Concordia University Irvine
GET STARTED 
CUI Press Release about CAHME accreditation
Master of Healthcare Administration

Employment of medical and health services managers is expected to grow 20% from 2016 to 2026 (United States Bureau of Labor and Statistics). Due to recent changes in the healthcare landscape, the need for qualified healthcare administrators has never been higher.

According to Forbes, a Master's in Healthcare Administration offers the best long-term opportunity. Concordia University Irvine's unique approach places special emphasis on leadership, practical application, and professional development. We empower students with fundamental and innovative learning opportunities that equip early careerists with the essential knowledge and skills necessary to embrace and shape the dynamic healthcare environment.

The MHA program prepares students for leadership positions in a variety of healthcare settings, including: hospitals, corporate medical systems, outpatient clinics, long-term care facilities, private practice offices, nonprofit, and community-based healthcare organizations. Our graduates are employed in a variety of sectors within the health services industry. Examples include: operations, human resources, insurance, medical devices and supplies, marketing, finance, data analytics, and information technology.

Request Info
Program Highlights
Student Testimonial: Julia
CAHME-Accredited: Concordia's MHA program has earned accreditation from the Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Management Education (CAHME), which is considered the gold standard for graduate education in healthcare management. The only online MHA program on the west coast with this distinction, you can be sure that your education from Concordia is industry-aligned and highly sought after by employers.
Curriculum: Emphasizes the foundational knowledge and competencies needed across a wide array of healthcare management roles in the areas of: leadership, professionalism, communication and relationship management, healthcare environment knowledge, and business skills and knowledge.
Faculty: Our dedicated professors have backgrounds in a variety of sectors of healthcare administration; many are still employed as practitioners or consultants in the healthcare industry. Faculty actively engage with students, and ensure course work is relevant, innovative, and practical.
Advisory Board: Consisting of Healthcare Directors, Executives, and Administrators, alumni, and faculty who are committed to adding value to the MHA program through their time and resources.
Capstone Course: As a culmination of their studies, healthcare administration degree students complete a capstone project with a healthcare organization designed to integrate prior coursework and experience.
Upcoming Start Dates
Start Term	Start Date
Spring 2024	March 4, 2024
Fall 2024	August 2024 (date: TBD)

Deadline for Spring 2024 Applications:
Priority deadline: January 19, 2024
Final deadline: February 16, 2024

APPLY NOW

Not sure yet? Request more information.

Featured Alumni
Discovering Passions. Developing a Career.

Lauren Illescas, MHA '18

When Lauren Illescas took a job with a company that handles billing and scheduling for hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers (ASC), she fell in love with the healthcare industry.

READ STORY
Alumni Interview: Keya Gupta

Keya Gupta, MHA '22

"Early on in the program, I was eager to get involved in something that would supplement all that I was learning. Dr. Sinardi immediately connected me with Dr. Tricia Kassab, a seasoned executive who was looking for help on a project from a student. This was the start of my involvement in ACHE and an incredible mentor/sponsor relationship with Dr. Kassab, who is very much a part of my journey in healthcare today."

READ STORY
Alumni Interview: Lauren Williams

Lauren Williams, MHA '22

"Concordia is a smaller university that takes pride in its students. Through educational and professional support, Concordia allowed me to reach my full potential. I enjoyed connecting with my peers, the faculty and the community. I am proud to have chosen this university as it has helped me become greater in my achievements."

READ STORY
Curriculum

The MHA curriculum is designed around the five domains of the Healthcare Leadership Alliance (HLA) that define professional excellence in healthcare administration." The program consists of 40 required units (no elective units). A program orientation, prior to the first day of the program, is offered either on-campus or via live stream. Courses are seven weeks in length, taken one course at a time off