https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/healthcare-administration
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Healthcare Administration
About
Curriculum 
Faculty
Info Nights
Financial Aid
Newsletters
Partnerships
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MASTER OF HEALTHCARE ADMINISTRATION
Concordia University Irvine
GET STARTED 
CUI Press Release about CAHME accreditation
Master of Healthcare Administration

Employment of medical and health services managers is expected to grow 20% from 2016 to 2026 (United States Bureau of Labor and Statistics). Due to recent changes in the healthcare landscape, the need for qualified healthcare administrators has never been higher.

According to Forbes, a Master's in Healthcare Administration offers the best long-term opportunity. Concordia University Irvine's unique approach places special emphasis on leadership, practical application, and professional development. We empower students with fundamental and innovative learning opportunities that equip early careerists with the essential knowledge and skills necessary to embrace and shape the dynamic healthcare environment.

The MHA program prepares students for leadership positions in a variety of healthcare settings, including: hospitals, corporate medical systems, outpatient clinics, long-term care facilities, private practice offices, nonprofit, and community-based healthcare organizations. Our graduates are employed in a variety of sectors within the health services industry. Examples include: operations, human resources, insurance, medical devices and supplies, marketing, finance, data analytics, and information technology.

Request Info
Program Highlights
Student Testimonial: Julia
CAHME-Accredited: Concordia's MHA program has earned accreditation from the Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Management Education (CAHME), which is considered the gold standard for graduate education in healthcare management. The only online MHA program on the west coast with this distinction, you can be sure that your education from Concordia is industry-aligned and highly sought after by employers.
Curriculum: Emphasizes the foundational knowledge and competencies needed across a wide array of healthcare management roles in the areas of: leadership, professionalism, communication and relationship management, healthcare environment knowledge, and business skills and knowledge.
Faculty: Our dedicated professors have backgrounds in a variety of sectors of healthcare administration; many are still employed as practitioners or consultants in the healthcare industry. Faculty actively engage with students, and ensure course work is relevant, innovative, and practical.
Advisory Board: Consisting of Healthcare Directors, Executives, and Administrators, alumni, and faculty who are committed to adding value to the MHA program through their time and resources.
Capstone Course: As a culmination of their studies, healthcare administration degree students complete a capstone project with a healthcare organization designed to integrate prior coursework and experience.
Upcoming Start Dates
Start Term	Start Date
Spring 2024	March 4, 2024
Fall 2024	August 2024 (date: TBD)

Deadline for Spring 2024 Applications:
Priority deadline: January 19, 2024
Final deadline: February 16, 2024

APPLY NOW

Not sure yet? Request more information.

Featured Alumni
Discovering Passions. Developing a Career.

Lauren Illescas, MHA '18

When Lauren Illescas took a job with a company that handles billing and scheduling for hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers (ASC), she fell in love with the healthcare industry.

READ STORY
Alumni Interview: Keya Gupta

Keya Gupta, MHA '22

"Early on in the program, I was eager to get involved in something that would supplement all that I was learning. Dr. Sinardi immediately connected me with Dr. Tricia Kassab, a seasoned executive who was looking for help on a project from a student. This was the start of my involvement in ACHE and an incredible mentor/sponsor relationship with Dr. Kassab, who is very much a part of my journey in healthcare today."

READ STORY
Alumni Interview: Lauren Williams

Lauren Williams, MHA '22

"Concordia is a smaller university that takes pride in its students. Through educational and professional support, Concordia allowed me to reach my full potential. I enjoyed connecting with my peers, the faculty and the community. I am proud to have chosen this university as it has helped me become greater in my achievements."

READ STORY
Curriculum

The MHA curriculum is designed around the five domains of the Healthcare Leadership Alliance (HLA) that define professional excellence in healthcare administration." The program consists of 40 required units (no elective units). A program orientation, prior to the first day of the program, is offered either on-campus or via live stream. Courses are seven weeks in length, taken one course at a time offered over spring, summer, and fall semesters.

Twice a year, the MHA program hosts workshops on the Concordia campus that provide students the opportunity to interact in person with their peers, alumni, and faculty. The workshops focus on professional development through offerings such as: presentations by guest speakers from the industry, executive coaches, resume writing seminars, job search training, and a professional photographer. MHA students are required to attend the keynote presentation, either in-person or via live stream.

SAMPLE COURSES
MHA 501: Healthcare Organizational Management
3

This course provides an introduction and overview of healthcare administration in the United States health service system. Governance and management of organizational structures are explored, and the functions, roles, and relationships of the various components are analyzed. Students will examine operational concepts related to delivering quality, consistent, and cost-effective services across the healthcare system.


MHA 506: Healthcare Law
3

This course will offer a current and historical overview of the legal oversight and regulation of healthcare delivery in the U.S. as it examines principles and practical applications of the laws that affect the operational decisions of healthcare providers, payers, and managers, as well as how that impacts development of markets for healthcare products and services. The social, moral, and ethical issues encountered in trying to balance the interests, needs, and rights of individuals against those of the larger society will also be examines.


MHA 514: Healthcare Quality Assurance
3

This course will examine methods and tools for managing quality in health facilities, physician practices, managed care, and public health organizations including developments in quality assurance and improvement, utilization review, risk management, and patient satisfaction.


MHA 525: Financial Management of Healthcare Organizations
3

The course will focus on financial management and analysis of healthcare organizations including financial management concepts, capital acquisition, cost of capital and capital structure, capital allocation, working capital management, forecasting, control systems, capital budgeting, and institutional financing.


MHA 571: Leadership I
3

This course focuses on leadership theory and project management, and their application to health service organizations. The foundation and principles of lean leadership are emphasized, and tools for improved self-understanding of personal leadership styles and their impact on organizational functionality will be introduced.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Capstone Project Options

The capstone course is taken during your final semester of the MHA program. As part of the Master of Healthcare Administration (MHA) program, our students are required to complete a capstone project wherein students work with a facility to complete a project that will help them to demonstrate mastery of the program learning outcomes.

LEARN MORE

Faculty

One of our greatest strengths at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you as a person and cultivate mentoring relationships with the students they teach. Throughout the MHA program, you will partner with qualified instructors who work in the field and want to propel you toward advancing your career in the healthcare industry.

Dr. Catherine Sinardi, Ed.D. MFT
Program Director and Professor

Dr. Sinardi holds a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from St. Cloud State University and a Master's degree in Counseling from California State University, Long Beach. She became a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist in 2006. In 2011, Dr. Sinardi completed her Doctor of Education degree in Organizational Leadership at the University of La Verne.

Todd Kane, MBA MAED MIT
Assistant Professor

Professor Kane received his Master's of Business Administration with a specialization in Healthcare Administration from Northcentral University. He also has a Master's of Education with a concentration in Organizational Leadership and a Master's in Information Technology with a concentration in computer security and assurance. Professor Kane's experience in business, healthcare, and healthcare administration spans more than 20 years. During that time he has served as the president and CEO of a multi-million dollar private national healthcare recruitment, human resources, and outsourcing firm for more than a decade.

MEET OUR FACULTY

Faculty Publication and News
Perspectives and Insights from Concordia Healthcare Faculty
Studying Loss in Lockdowns

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on June 21, 2021

In early 2020, during the unprecedented public health lockdowns, Dr. Erin Nelson felt an urgency to dive in and study what was happening in society. Nelson posted an open invitation on social media to see who was interested in partnering to research communication-related aspects of responses to the virus outbreak. Dr. Cathi Sinardi, who directs Concordia University Irvine's Master of Healthcare Administration program, and Master of Public Health program, and Concordia University Irvine's two under-graduate Healthcare Management majors was one of the first to respond.

Read Article 

Healthcare Roundtable

By Orange County Business Journal
Posted on April 19, 2021

Concordia University Irvine’s Director of Healthcare Programs Dr. Catherine Sinardi participated in a Q&A with Healthcare Professionals for the Orange County Business Journal. Take a look at her answers, extracted from the full OCBJ article. 

Read Article 

Three Positives in This Pandemic

By Todd Kane
Posted on May 15, 2020

Yes, there are positives in this pandemic though we may have to look closely to find them. Here are a few of the observations that Professor Kane has made that are surprising, inspiring, and provide confidence that we will get through this.

Read Article 

Tuition and Financial Aid
Tuition/Fee	Fall '24 / Spring '25
Student Success Fee	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: Domestic	$50
Graduation Fee	Graduation Fee
Cost per Unit	$644

*Tuition and fees are subject to change without notice

We're proud to offer our master's degree in healthcare administration at a competitive tuition price with financial aid available. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Apply Today
Admission Requirements

To be considered for admission to the master’s program, a student must:

Provide one official transcript that shows a confirmed bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited college or university.
Submit a statement of intent.
Provide a minimum of one professional reference.
Submit a current professional resume.

View complete details for admissions requirements.

International students, please note: the MHA program is a fully online program. Concordia University Irvine does not issue the Form I-20 for this fully online program. For more information, please contact healthcare@cui.edu.

Get in Touch

For more information or any questions, we invite you to contact us directly at healthcare@cui.edu.

Get Started

APR

30

5:30 PM

Info Nights

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

RSVP TODAY

Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our program.

REQUEST INFO

Apply

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

