. This was the start of my involvement in ACHE and an incredible mentor/sponsor relationship with Dr. Kassab, who is very much a part of my journey in healthcare today."

READ STORY
Alumni Interview: Lauren Williams

Lauren Williams, MHA '22

"Concordia is a smaller university that takes pride in its students. Through educational and professional support, Concordia allowed me to reach my full potential. I enjoyed connecting with my peers, the faculty and the community. I am proud to have chosen this university as it has helped me become greater in my achievements."

READ STORY
Curriculum

The MHA curriculum is designed around the five domains of the Healthcare Leadership Alliance (HLA) that define professional excellence in healthcare administration." The program consists of 40 required units (no elective units). A program orientation, prior to the first day of the program, is offered either on-campus or via live stream. Courses are seven weeks in length, taken one course at a time offered over spring, summer, and fall semesters.

Twice a year, the MHA program hosts workshops on the Concordia campus that provide students the opportunity to interact in person with their peers, alumni, and faculty. The workshops focus on professional development through offerings such as: presentations by guest speakers from the industry, executive coaches, resume writing seminars, job search training, and a professional photographer. MHA students are required to attend the keynote presentation, either in-person or via live stream.

SAMPLE COURSES
MHA 501: Healthcare Organizational Management
3

This course provides an introduction and overview of healthcare administration in the United States health service system. Governance and management of organizational structures are explored, and the functions, roles, and relationships of the various components are analyzed. Students will examine operational concepts related to delivering quality, consistent, and cost-effective services across the healthcare system.


MHA 506: Healthcare Law
3

This course will offer a current and historical overview of the legal oversight and regulation of healthcare delivery in the U.S. as it examines principles and practical applications of the laws that affect the operational decisions of healthcare providers, payers, and managers, as well as how that impacts development of markets for healthcare products and services. The social, moral, and ethical issues encountered in trying to balance the interests, needs, and rights of individuals against those of the larger society will also be examines.


MHA 514: Healthcare Quality Assurance
3

This course will examine methods and tools for managing quality in health facilities, physician practices, managed care, and public health organizations including developments in quality assurance and improvement, utilization review, risk management, and patient satisfaction.


MHA 525: Financial Management of Healthcare Organizations
3

The course will focus on financial management and analysis of healthcare organizations including financial management concepts, capital acquisition, cost of capital and capital structure, capital allocation, working capital management, forecasting, control systems, capital budgeting, and institutional financing.


MHA 571: Leadership I
3

This course focuses on leadership theory and project management, and their application to health service organizations. The foundation and principles of lean leadership are emphasized, and tools for improved self-understanding of personal leadership styles and their impact on organizational functionality will be introduced.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Capstone Project Options

The capstone course is taken during your final semester of the MHA program. As part of the Master of Healthcare Administration (MHA) program, our students are required to complete a capstone project wherein students work with a facility to complete a project that will help them to demonstrate mastery of the program learning outcomes.

LEARN MORE

Faculty

One of our greatest strengths at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you as a person and cultivate mentoring relationships with the students they teach. Throughout the MHA program, you will partner with qualified instructors who work in the field and want to propel you toward advancing your career in the healthcare industry.

Dr. Catherine Sinardi, Ed.D. MFT
Program Director and Professor

Dr. Sinardi holds a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from St. Cloud State University and a Master's degree in Counseling from California State University, Long Beach. She became a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist in 2006. In 2011, Dr. Sinardi completed her Doctor of Education degree in Organizational Leadership at the University of La Verne.

Todd Kane, MBA MAED MIT
Assistant Professor

Professor Kane received his Master's of Business Administration with a specia