https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/public-health
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Public Health
Curriculum
Faculty
Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Nights
Newsletter
Contact 
Apply Now
Concordia University Irvine
MASTER OF PUBLIC HEALTH (MPH)
School of Health and Human Sciences
GET STARTED 
Serve and Lead Communities in Health and Wellness

Public health is integral to society. In the ever-changing context of our healthcare industry, the demand for professionals trained in public health is increasing. Positions related to public health are predicted to grow nearly 20% nationwide by 2026 – nearly double the rate for all other occupations.

While healthcare serves a critical role in diagnosing and treating injury and illness, a career in public health will allow you to focus on proactive measures to preventing injury and reducing the spread of disease. As an effective leader in public health, you will have the opportunity to inform and empower individuals, communities, and populations to make healthy choices, to reduce morbidity and mortality, and to decrease health expenditures. Public health is also a prime field for contributing to those in underserved areas, including urban, rural, and international populations.

The Master of Public Health with a concentration in Community Health Education at Concordia University Irvine will provide you with a solid foundation in the fundamental areas of public health that is grounded in research and ethical principles. Guided by expert faculty, you will experience a faith-based education that emphasizes servant leadership and community health promotion.

Request Info

One of our admissions counselors will contact you with more information about our program and our $500 scholarship for new students!

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

When do you want to start? 
- Select start term
Fall 2024
Spring 2025
Fall 2025
Spring 2026
Undecided

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

SEND NOW
Program Highlights
Student Experiences: Tim & Kathy
Broad Career Opportunities: Focusing on the prevention of illness and injury, public health is a distinct and ever-changing field. The field needs new leaders with a big-picture perspective on population health.
2 Years to Complete: The typical length of a term for each course is 7 weeks which allows you to graduate in as few as 24 months.
Online Delivery: Live sessions are scheduled on Tuesday nights Week 1, 3, 5, and 7.
Hands-on Experience: You will gain valuable experience through an integrated service component.
Experienced Christian Educators: Our faculty examine professional practice and leadership through the lens of the Christian faith and ethical practices.
Upcoming Start Dates
Start Term	Start Date
Spring 2024	March 4, 2024
Fall 2024	August 2024 (date: TBD)

Deadline for Spring 2024 Applications:
Priority deadline: January 19, 2024
Final deadline: February 16, 2024

APPLY NOW

Not sure yet? Request more information.

Careers in Public Health

Public health is a multifaceted field encompassing many career paths and ventures. This flexibility allows students from a variety of undergraduate backgrounds and professional experiences to find a meaningful career in public health.

Initiatives involving public health commonly include:

Bioethics
Clinical practice
Community engagement
Environmental health
Geographic information systems
Global health
Health education
Health equality
Health policy and management
Infectious disease prevention and control
Occupational health
Social and behavioral health

Graduates who earn a Master of Public Health are qualified for a variety of professions that allow them to apply knowledge and passion to a vocation in the service of others:

Epidemiologist
Grants specialist
Lab technician / medical technologist
Program manager/coordinator
Public health dentist
Public health informatics specialist
Public health nurse
Public health nutritionist
Public health officer/director
Public health physician
Public health social worker
Statistician

Our Master of Public Health degree draws experts and allows for mentorship opportunities in a wide range of industries related to public health:

Consulting firms
Health systems
Hospitals
Managed care organizations
Nonprofit, community-based health
Public health agencies

Concordia University Irvine is an applicant for accreditation by the Council on Education for Public Health. The accreditation review will address the Master of Public Health (MPH) program. Other degrees and areas of study offered by this institution will not be included in the unit of accreditation review.

Curriculum

Coursework in the Master of Public Health includes biostatistics, applied epidemiology, research methods, programming, and evaluation. Throughout the program, you will conduct research and promote evidence-based approaches in public health.

Our concentration in Community Health Education will prepare you to assess the social, behavioral, and environmental determinants associated with critical health problems. The core courses in this emphasis focus on the design, implementation, and evaluation of appropriate health programs and preventive services to promote the health and wellness of a community.

Community Health Education Core Courses 
MPH 570: Community Health
3

This course explores the nature, extent and causes of basic community health problems. Students will understand the purpose, function, organization and administration of community health services at local, state and national levels. 

MPH 575: Communication and Social Marketing Health Promotion and Education
3

Coursework examines how societal, organizational, and individual factors influence and are influenced by public health communications. Students will learn how to apply theory and strategy-based communication principles, methods, and techniques across different audiences and sectors. This course offers an overview of the strategic and tactical practice of social marketing in public health. 

MPH 580: Programming and Evaluation in Public Health
3

This course focuses on the public health needs assessment and emphasizes program planning designs, implementation, and evaluation. It uses a multi-dimensional approach in public health strategic planning. The planning process is framed in current theory, such as logic models and analytics for evaluating effective community-based and focused public health programs. 

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Integrative Learning Experiences

As part of the requirements for the program, you will have the opportunity to complete a community-based practicum and 20 hours of volunteer work in a health service organization of your choosing.

Online Delivery

The Master of Public Health is designed for working professionals and can be completed in as little as 2 years. Live sessions are scheduled on Tuesday nights Week 1, 3, 5, and 7. The program is paced to be completed one course at a time, with the exception of the final semester, during which the internship is completed concurrently.

Twice a year, the Healthcare Programs host Professional Development Workshops that will allow you to interact in person or via livestream with your peers, alumni, and faculty. The workshops focus on professional development through offerings such as presentations by guest speakers from the industry, executive coaches, resume writing seminars, job search training, and a professional photographer. Workshops are held either in person or via live-stream. MPH students are not required to attend the keynote presentation.

Faculty

As a Lutheran university, all of the courses in our MPH program are taught by Christian faculty who are dedicated to preparing public health professionals to lead and serve their communities in fulfillment of their vocations.

Dr. Catherine Sinardi, Ed.D. MFT
Program Director and Professor

Dr. Sinardi holds a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from St. Cloud State University and a Master's degree in Counseling from California State University, Long Beach. She became a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist in 2006. In 2011, Dr. Sinardi completed her Doctor of Education degree in Organizational Leadership at the University of La Verne.

Dr. Tayah Wozniak
Assistant Professor of Public Health and Healthcare Administration

Dr. Tayah Wozniak is interested in the interdisciplinary field of public health, specifically health communication. Within the field of health communication, her research primarily focuses on combatting the spread of and belief in health misinformation. She is currently examining primary care physician message strategies in correcting patient-held health misinformation. Her goal is to provide translational research on health misinformation and strategic health communication, with specific attention to health disparities and individuals facing significant health disadvantages.

VIEW ALL FACULTY

Faculty Publication and News
Perspectives & Insights from Concordia Healthcare Faculty
Studying Loss in Lockdowns

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on June 21, 2021

In early 2020, during the unprecedented public health lockdowns, Dr. Erin Nelson felt an urgency to dive in and study what was happening in society. Nelson posted an open invitation on social media to see who was interested in partnering to research communication-related aspects of responses to the virus outbreak. Dr. Cathi Sinardi, who directs CUI’s Master of Healthcare Administration program, and Master of Public Health program, and CUI’s two under-graduate Healthcare Management majors was one of the first to respond.

Read Article 

Healthcare Roundtable

By Orange County Business Journal
Posted on April 19, 2021

Concordia University Irvine’s Director of Healthcare Programs Dr. Catherine Sinardi participated in a Q&A with Healthcare Professionals for the Orange County Business Journal. Take a look at her answers, extracted from the full OCBJ article. 

Read Article 

Three Positives in This Pandemic

By Todd Kane
Posted on May 15, 2020

Yes, there are positives in this pandemic though we may have to look closely to find them. Here are a few of the observations that Professor Kane has made that are surprising, inspiring, and provide confidence that we will get through this.

Read Article 

Tuition and Financial Aid
Tuition/Fee	Fall '24 / Spring '25
Non-refundable Application Fee: Domestic	$50
Student Success Fee	$50
Graduation Fee	Graduation Fee
Cost per Unit	$625

*Tuition and fees are subject to change without notice

We're proud to offer our master's degree in Public Health at a competitive tuition price with financial aid available. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Apply Today
Admissions Requirements

To be considered for admission to the master’s program, a student must:

Provide one official transcript that shows a confirmed bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited college or university.
Submit a statement of intent.
Provide a minimum of one professional reference.
Submit a current professional resume.

View complete details for admissions requirements.

International students, please note: the MPH program is a fully online program. Concordia University Irvine does not issue the Form I-20 for this fully online program. For more information, please contact healthcare@cui.edu.

APPLY NOW

Upon completion of your application, please email all other required documents to the admissions office at healthcare@cui.edu.

Get Started
Info Nights

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

RSVP TODAY

Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

REQUEST INFO

Apply

Are you ready to get started? Take the next step by completing our online application.

APPLY NOW

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

