ntist
Public health informatics specialist
Public health nurse
Public health nutritionist
Public health officer/director
Public health physician
Public health social worker
Statistician

Our Master of Public Health degree draws experts and allows for mentorship opportunities in a wide range of industries related to public health:

Consulting firms
Health systems
Hospitals
Managed care organizations
Nonprofit, community-based health
Public health agencies

Concordia University Irvine is an applicant for accreditation by the Council on Education for Public Health. The accreditation review will address the Master of Public Health (MPH) program. Other degrees and areas of study offered by this institution will not be included in the unit of accreditation review.

Curriculum

Coursework in the Master of Public Health includes biostatistics, applied epidemiology, research methods, programming, and evaluation. Throughout the program, you will conduct research and promote evidence-based approaches in public health.

Our concentration in Community Health Education will prepare you to assess the social, behavioral, and environmental determinants associated with critical health problems. The core courses in this emphasis focus on the design, implementation, and evaluation of appropriate health programs and preventive services to promote the health and wellness of a community.

Community Health Education Core Courses 
MPH 570: Community Health
3

This course explores the nature, extent and causes of basic community health problems. Students will understand the purpose, function, organization and administration of community health services at local, state and national levels. 

MPH 575: Communication and Social Marketing Health Promotion and Education
3

Coursework examines how societal, organizational, and individual factors influence and are influenced by public health communications. Students will learn how to apply theory and strategy-based communication principles, methods, and techniques across different audiences and sectors. This course offers an overview of the strategic and tactical practice of social marketing in public health. 

MPH 580: Programming and Evaluation in Public Health
3

This course focuses on the public health needs assessment and emphasizes program planning designs, implementation, and evaluation. It uses a multi-dimensional approach in public health strategic planning. The planning process is framed in current theory, such as logic models and analytics for evaluating effective community-based and focused public health programs. 

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Integrative Learning Experiences

As part of the requirements for the program, you will have the opportunity to complete a community-based practicum and 20 hours of volunteer work in a health service organization of your choosing.

Online Delivery

The Master of Public Health is designed for working professionals and can be completed in as little as 2 years. Live sessions are scheduled on Tuesday nights Week 1, 3, 5, and 7. The program is paced to be completed one course at a time, with the exception of the final semester, during which the internship is completed concurrently.

Twice a year, the Healthcare Programs host Professional Development Workshops that will allow you to interact in person or via livestream with your peers, alumni, and faculty. The workshops focus on professional development through offerings such as presentations by guest speakers from the industry, executive coaches, resume writing seminars, job search training, and a professional photographer. Workshops are held either in person or via live-stream. MPH students are not required to attend the keynote presentation.

Faculty

As a Lutheran university, all of the courses in our MPH program are taught by Christian faculty who are dedicated to preparing public health professionals to lead and serve their communities in fulfillment of their vocations.

Dr. Catherine Sinardi, Ed.D. MFT
Program Director and Professor

Dr. Sinardi holds a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from St. Cloud State University and a Master's degree in Counseling from California State University, Long Beach. She became a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist in 2006. In 2011, Dr. Sinardi completed her Doctor of Education degree in Organizational Leadership at the University of La Verne.

Dr. Tayah Wozniak
Assistant Professor of Public Health and Healthcare Administration

Dr. Tayah Wozniak is interested in the interdisciplinary field of public health, specifically health communication. Within the field of health communication, her research primarily focuses on combatting the spread of and belief in health misinformation. She is currently examining primary care physician message strategies in correcting patient-held health misinformation. Her goal is to provide translational research on health misinformation and strategic health communication, with specific attention to health disparities and individuals f