https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/public-health
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Public Health
Curriculum
Faculty
Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Nights
Newsletter
Contact 
Apply Now
Concordia University Irvine
MASTER OF PUBLIC HEALTH (MPH)
School of Health and Human Sciences
GET STARTED 
Serve and Lead Communities in Health and Wellness

Public health is integral to society. In the ever-changing context of our healthcare industry, the demand for professionals trained in public health is increasing. Positions related to public health are predicted to grow nearly 20% nationwide by 2026 – nearly double the rate for all other occupations.

While healthcare serves a critical role in diagnosing and treating injury and illness, a career in public health will allow you to focus on proactive measures to preventing injury and reducing the spread of disease. As an effective leader in public health, you will have the opportunity to inform and empower individuals, communities, and populations to make healthy choices, to reduce morbidity and mortality, and to decrease health expenditures. Public health is also a prime field for contributing to those in underserved areas, including urban, rural, and international populations.

The Master of Public Health with a concentration in Community Health Education at Concordia University Irvine will provide you with a solid foundation in the fundamental areas of public health that is grounded in research and ethical principles. Guided by expert faculty, you will experience a faith-based education that emphasizes servant leadership and community health promotion.

Request Info

One of our admissions counselors will contact you with more information about our program and our $500 scholarship for new students!

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

When do you want to start? 
- Select start term
Fall 2024
Spring 2025
Fall 2025
Spring 2026
Undecided

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

SEND NOW
Program Highlights
Student Experiences: Tim & Kathy
Broad Career Opportunities: Focusing on the prevention of illness and injury, public health is a distinct and ever-changing field. The field needs new leaders with a big-picture perspective on population health.
2 Years to Complete: The typical length of a term for each course is 7 weeks which allows you to graduate in as few as 24 months.
Online Delivery: Live sessions are scheduled on Tuesday nights Week 1, 3, 5, and 7.
Hands-on Experience: You will gain valuable experience through an integrated service component.
Experienced Christian Educators: Our faculty examine professional practice and leadership through the lens of the Christian faith and ethical practices.
Upcoming Start Dates
Start Term	Start Date
Spring 2024	March 4, 2024
Fall 2024	August 2024 (date: TBD)

Deadline for Spring 2024 Applications:
Priority deadline: January 19, 2024
Final deadline: February 16, 2024

APPLY NOW

Not sure yet? Request more information.

Careers in Public Health

Public health is a multifaceted field encompassing many career paths and ventures. This flexibility allows students from a variety of undergraduate backgrounds and professional experiences to find a meaningful career in public health.

Initiatives involving public health commonly include:

Bioethics
Clinical practice
Community engagement
Environmental health
Geographic information systems
Global health
Health education
Health equality
Health policy and management
Infectious disease prevention and control
Occupational health
Social and behavioral health

Graduates who earn a Master of Public Health are qualified for a variety of professions that allow them to apply knowledge and passion to a vocation in the service of others:

Epidemiologist
Grants specialist
Lab technician / medical technologist
Program manager/coordinator
Public health dentist
Public health informatics specialist
Public health nurse
Public health nutritionist
Public health officer/director
Public health physician
Public health social worker
Statistician

Our Master of Public Health degree draws experts and allows for mentorship opportunities in a wide range of industries related to public health:

Consulting firms
Health systems
Hospitals
Managed care organizations
Nonprofit, community-based health
Public health agencies

Concordia University Irvine is an applicant for accreditation by the Council on Education for Public Health. The accreditation review will address the Master of Public Health (MPH) program. Other degrees and areas of study offered by this institution will not be included in the unit of accreditation review.

Curriculum

Coursework in the Master of Public Health includes biostatistics, applied epidemiology, research methods, programming, and evaluation. Throughout the program, you will conduct research and promote evidence-based approa