ector and Professor

Dr. Sinardi holds a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from St. Cloud State University and a Master's degree in Counseling from California State University, Long Beach. She became a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist in 2006. In 2011, Dr. Sinardi completed her Doctor of Education degree in Organizational Leadership at the University of La Verne.

Dr. Tayah Wozniak
Assistant Professor of Public Health and Healthcare Administration

Dr. Tayah Wozniak is interested in the interdisciplinary field of public health, specifically health communication. Within the field of health communication, her research primarily focuses on combatting the spread of and belief in health misinformation. She is currently examining primary care physician message strategies in correcting patient-held health misinformation. Her goal is to provide translational research on health misinformation and strategic health communication, with specific attention to health disparities and individuals facing significant health disadvantages.

VIEW ALL FACULTY

Faculty Publication and News
Perspectives & Insights from Concordia Healthcare Faculty
Studying Loss in Lockdowns

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on June 21, 2021

In early 2020, during the unprecedented public health lockdowns, Dr. Erin Nelson felt an urgency to dive in and study what was happening in society. Nelson posted an open invitation on social media to see who was interested in partnering to research communication-related aspects of responses to the virus outbreak. Dr. Cathi Sinardi, who directs CUI’s Master of Healthcare Administration program, and Master of Public Health program, and CUI’s two under-graduate Healthcare Management majors was one of the first to respond.

Read Article 

Healthcare Roundtable

By Orange County Business Journal
Posted on April 19, 2021

Concordia University Irvine’s Director of Healthcare Programs Dr. Catherine Sinardi participated in a Q&A with Healthcare Professionals for the Orange County Business Journal. Take a look at her answers, extracted from the full OCBJ article. 

Read Article 

Three Positives in This Pandemic

By Todd Kane
Posted on May 15, 2020

Yes, there are positives in this pandemic though we may have to look closely to find them. Here are a few of the observations that Professor Kane has made that are surprising, inspiring, and provide confidence that we will get through this.

Read Article 

Tuition and Financial Aid
Tuition/Fee	Fall '24 / Spring '25
Non-refundable Application Fee: Domestic	$50
Student Success Fee	$50
Graduation Fee	Graduation Fee
Cost per Unit	$625

*Tuition and fees are subject to change without notice

We're proud to offer our master's degree in Public Health at a competitive tuition price with financial aid available. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Apply Today
Admissions Requirements

To be considered for admission to the master’s program, a student must:

Provide one official transcript that shows a confirmed bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited college or university.
Submit a statement of intent.
Provide a minimum of one professional reference.
Submit a current professional resume.

View complete details for admissions requirements.

International students, please note: the MPH program is a fully online program. Concordia University Irvine does not issue the Form I-20 for this fully online program. For more information, please contact healthcare@cui.edu.

APPLY NOW

Upon completion of your application, please email all other required documents to the admissions office at healthcare@cui.edu.

Get Started
Info Nights

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

RSVP TODAY

Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

REQUEST INFO

Apply

Are you ready to get started? Take the next step by completing our online application.

APPLY NOW

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

