https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
About Concordia University Irvine
Developing Wise, Honorable, and Cultivated Citizens
Our Mission

Concordia University Irvine, a comprehensive Lutheran Christian university guided by Christ’s Great Commission, develops wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens to serve society and the church.

About Us

Concordia University Irvine, part of the Concordia University System, is a private, nonprofit Christian university that is proud to be one of the founding institutions of higher education in Irvine, California. For nearly 50 years, we have prepared students for lives of learning, service, and leadership through distinctive Lutheran education.

Today, we educate nearly 5,000 students on campus and online, and our alumni network has grown to over 25,000 worldwide. Ranked nationally among the “Top Performers on Social Mobility” universities by U.S. News & World Report. Once you become a Golden Eagle, you’ll be part of a close, caring community that’s committed to helping you grow personally, professionally, and spiritually.

Our Heritage

Our Lutheran heritage fosters an environment of inclusiveness. Concordia is for anyone who believes they have been called by Christ, as well as those who may be curious about our view of God.

EXPLORE OUR HERITAGE
Our Campus

Our beautiful, gated campus is perched on top of a hill in Irvine, one of America’s safest cities, located just 10 minutes from the beach and 20 minutes from Disneyland.

EXPLORE OUR CAMPUS
Our Community

Join a community that’s committed to connecting on a deeper level, being of service to others, and making a meaningful impact locally and globally.

EXPLORE OUR COMMUNITY
Connect With Us

Get to know our community, which is here to engage and support you on your journey.

LEARN MORE ABOUT US 
Concordia Facts

Concordia University Irvine is an accredited, private Christian university offering high quality programs that prepare you to grow personally, professionally, and spiritually. For more information about our accreditations and academic details, visit the Office of Institutional Research and Assessment.

Accreditation
Enrollment
Faculty

*The baccalaureate degree program in nursing at Concordia University Irvine is accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education, 655 K Street NW, Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001, 202-887-6791.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

