https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/athletic-training
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MS in Athletic Training
About
Faculty
Curriculum
Policies & Procedures
Tuition & Financial Aid
Master of Science in Athletic Training
EXPLORE 
Concordia University Irvine is no longer accepting students into the Master of Science in Athletic Training (MSAT).

Concordia University Irvine is proud to offer an educational foundation for an exciting and rewarding career in athletic training and sports medicine with the Master of Science in Athletic Training (MSAT) degree. A career as a certified athletic trainer offers a dynamic and rewarding working environment with exposure to a variety of athletic and allied healthcare settings and professionals, including athletes, coaches, physicians, physical therapists, exercise physiologists, and other allied healthcare professionals. As outlined by the National Athletic Trainers’ Association, certified athletic trainers provide comprehensive patient care in five areas of clinical practice: prevention; clinical evaluation and diagnosis; immediate and emergency care; treatment and rehabilitation; and organization and professional health and well-being.

Recognizing the need for further professional preparation of athletic trainers, Concordia University Irvine is an early adopter of the 3+2 model for earning both a Bachelor and Master of Science in Athletic Training. Our innovative, cohort-based curriculum is designed to accommodate traditional undergraduate students, transfer students, and recipients of undergraduate degrees to meet the minimum professional degree level recommended by the CAATE for successful completion of the Board of Certification examination. With Concordia University Irvine’s MSAT program, you will experience a distinctive academic environment that fuses the elements of sports medicine, allied healthcare, and the dynamics of intercollegiate athletics with the holistic values and ethics of Christian higher education.

At a Glance
Two-Year Program
Traditional Graduate degree

Students who have completed a bachelor's degree from a regionally accredited college or university and meet all requirements for admission can enroll in our two year Master of Science in Athletic Training program. All students who complete the MSAT curriculum will be endorsed to take the Board of Certification Examination to become a Certified Athletic Trainer.

Five-Year Program
Dual degree 3+2 program for incoming first-year students (freshmen)

Students complete a BS in Pre-Athletic Training & Allied Health + an MS in Athletic Training in 5 years. Our five-year (3+2) program offers students an opportunity to study in a traditional liberal arts environment, and share 15 credits of instruction with your undergraduate enrollment.

At a Glance
Application Deadline	March 1
Start Date	July 2019
Units	64
Clinical Hours	800
Completion Time	2 years
Cost per unit	$675
Accreditation	WASC, CAATE (pending approval)

Prospective transfer students are welcome to apply. Please contact your undergraduate academic advisor to explore your options.

CAATE Accreditation

Concordia University Irvine's Bachelor of Science in Athletic Training is currently accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Athletic Training Education (CAATE), 6850 Austin Center Blvd., Suite 100, Austin, TX 78731-3101. The program is currently applying to the CAATE for a change in level of degree and is pending approval.

The CAATE has required that all bachelors-level programs transition to masters-level by 2022. Concordia’s three year, sequential, undergraduate cohort education and clinical training is created to transition to a two year Master of Science in Athletic Training. Upon completion, you will be eligible for certification, credentialing, and licensure via the Board of Certification (BOC) and state medical boards that require licensure for certified athletic trainers to meet the standards of state practice or title protection acts.

Concordia University Irvine's Athletic Training Program is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Athletic Training Education (CAATE). The program has been placed on Probation as of February 24, 2017, by the CAATE, 6850 Austin Center Blvd., Suite 100, Austin, TX 78731-3101.

VIEW PERFORMANCE OUTCOMES

Why a Master’s?

According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, employment opportunities for certified athletic trainers are expected to grow much faster than average occupations by 22% between 2016 and 2026. These employment trends highlight the need for masters prepared certified athletic trainers in order to advance the profession and provide the highest quality of healthcare for the physically active. Certified athletic trainers play an integral role in the sports medicine team in the prevention, evaluation, treatment and rehabilitation of athletic injuries.

After 2.5 years of diligent analysis, leaders of the key athletic training organizations recently announced their decision to establish the professional degree in athletic training at the master’s level. Research shows that the master’s level Athletic Training programs demonstrated more favorable outcomes on the BOC exam pass rate. This move will "best prepare athletic trainers for an integral role in the evolving health care system."

What Students are Saying
Concordia's Athletic Training program will guide you in preparation for taking the BOC exam. It’s a fun learning environment where you become close with your professors, can get the help you need, and have many mentors who guide you. We also have many clinical sites that can accommodate your interests in the field, including cheer, football, orthopedic surgery, and NCAA DII sports.

Hannah Cavalier

Curriculum

Concordia University Irvine Athletic training students will progress through a sequential and progressive didactic curriculum of 64 units that equips you with the necessary knowledge and psychomotor skills to graduate with a Master of Science in Athletic Training. Courses are delivered primarily at our Irvine campus, while certain courses blend online delivery in an interactive and engaging format.

The 3+2 MSAT track allows incoming freshman or transfer students at Concordia University Irvine to declare athletic training as their major as undergraduates. 

The 4+2 MSAT track allows students who have completed a Bachelor of Science in a related major to apply for our two-year program.

SAMPLE ATHLETIC TRAINING COURSES
Units
MSCE 586: Advanced Strength, Speed and Conditioning
4

Strength and conditioning practices that supplement the science learned in exercise physiology and kinesiology. This class is designed to prepare students for gaining certification in ACSM, NSCA, or personal fitness.

MSCE 589: Nutrition for Sport
4

This course covers the essentials of human nutrition that improve and sustain optimal performance for sport and exercise. The effects of eating disorders (in both male and female athletes), weight management, and sport nutrition resources are also discussed.

MSAT 451/551: Risk Management, Taping, & Injury Prevention
3

An introduction to basic taping, preparation, wrapping and casting techniques that are common practice in athletic training and sports medicine. Content is based upon the 4th Edition National Athletic Trainer's Association Educational Competencies/Risk Management and Injury Prevention domain.

MSAT 458/558: Therapeutic Exercise
3

This course is a theoretical and practical approach to therapeutic exercise and rehabilitation techniques for the injured athlete or those who engage in physical activity. Lab time is included in the schedule.

This course introduces the student to the clinical applications of therapeutic exercise and the rehabilitation process for athletic injuries in sports medicine and physical therapy professional settings. A lecture and lab that focuses on the use range of motion, strength, muscular endurance and muscular speed exercises, proprioceptive neuromuscular facilitation, and joint mobilization to promote health and wellness following injury.

MSAA/MSAT 583: General Medicine/Pharmacology
4

This course will incorporate the knowledge, skills, and values that entry-level certified athletic trainers or similar health professionals must possess to recognize, treat, and refer, when appropriate, general medical conditions and disabilities. This course will also look at the skills and knowledge of pharmacologic applications for athletes and others involved in physical activity.  Designed to introduce the athletic training student to the various general medical conditions that effect the active and athletic population. The focus of the course is based on the prevention, recognition, clinical diagnosis, treatment interventions, and appropriate medical referral of pathological medical conditions which are encompassed in the field of sport medicine.

VIEW CURRICULUM

Kinesiology at Concordia University Irvine


Previous


Next
Opportunities for Graduate Students

Certified athletic trainers interact daily with athletes, coaches, physicians, physical therapists, exercise physiologists and other allied healthcare professionals in their involvement in the realm of sports medicine. Ou NCAA Division II Eagle Athletics, along with our relationships within our surrounding community, afford you the chance to practice your skills outside the classroom.

Eagles Athletics

Concordia University Irvine is now a full member of the NCAA Division II. Our Eagle Athletics offer Athletic Training students ready access to the following sports:

Baseball
Basketball
Beach Volleyball
Cheer
Cross Country
Soccer
Softball
Stunt
Swimming & Diving
Tennis
Track & Field
Volleyball
Water Polo
Lacrosse (Club)
Clinical Sites

Our graduate students have the opportunity to complete their field experiences in a variety of clinical sites. These venues include tradition athletic training settings such as high school and intercollegiate athletics along with non-traditional venues such as physician’s offices, orthopedic clinics, outpatient physical therapy clinics, chiropractics, and emergency rooms.

Capo Valley High School
Crean Lutheran High School
Golden West College
Irvine High School
JSerra High School
Mater Dei High School
Orange Lutheran High School
Portola High School
ProSport Physical Therapy - RSMc
ProSport Laguna Hills Sports Performance and Therapy
Rausch Physical Therapy
Saddleback College
San Juan Hills High School
Sand Canyon Urgent Care
Santa Margarita High School
South County Orthopedic Specialists (SCOS)
University High School
Woodbridge High School
Learning Facilities

CUI's athletic training clinical lab serves as a central location for didactic and clinical instruction. Our lab is fully equipped for evaluation and treatment of athletic injuries, performed under the supervision of certified athletic trainers. Our recently upgraded facility features multiple hi-low treatment tables, electrical muscle stimulation and ultrasound machines, taping tables, and a hydrotherapy area.

Previous
Next
Program Faculty

At Concordia University Irvine, you will connect with faculty who partner with you on your path to becoming a certified athletic trainer. You will work with a small group of peers in our own lab, and at clinical placements where you will benefit from immersive learning experiences ranging from the field, to the clinic, to the operating room.

 

Scott Graham, M.D.
Medical Director
Dr. Graham holds a BS from USC and is a graduate of the USC School of Medicine. He completed his residency in Orthopedics at UC Irvine Medical Center. During his residency, Dr. Graham worked at the Kerlan-Jobe Orthopedic Clinic as an assistant team physician with the Los Angeles Lakers and Anaheim Angels. During his Fellowship at the prestigious Cleveland Clinic, he was the Team Physician and Orthopedic Consultant for the NFL's Cleveland Browns, NBA's Cleveland Cavaliers and the WNBA's Cleveland Rockers.
Meet Our Professors

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

ATHLETIC TRAINING FACULTY

Tuition and Financial Aid
Tuition/Fee	Cost
Application Fee	$50
Clinical Fees	$200
Liability Insurance	$25
Tuition	$675/unit

Concordia’s School of Arts & Sciences offers a competitively priced Athletic Training degree program. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

