ers to meet the standards of state practice or title protection acts.

Concordia University Irvine's Athletic Training Program is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Athletic Training Education (CAATE). The program has been placed on Probation as of February 24, 2017, by the CAATE, 6850 Austin Center Blvd., Suite 100, Austin, TX 78731-3101.

VIEW PERFORMANCE OUTCOMES

Why a Master’s?

According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, employment opportunities for certified athletic trainers are expected to grow much faster than average occupations by 22% between 2016 and 2026. These employment trends highlight the need for masters prepared certified athletic trainers in order to advance the profession and provide the highest quality of healthcare for the physically active. Certified athletic trainers play an integral role in the sports medicine team in the prevention, evaluation, treatment and rehabilitation of athletic injuries.

After 2.5 years of diligent analysis, leaders of the key athletic training organizations recently announced their decision to establish the professional degree in athletic training at the master’s level. Research shows that the master’s level Athletic Training programs demonstrated more favorable outcomes on the BOC exam pass rate. This move will "best prepare athletic trainers for an integral role in the evolving health care system."

What Students are Saying
Concordia's Athletic Training program will guide you in preparation for taking the BOC exam. It’s a fun learning environment where you become close with your professors, can get the help you need, and have many mentors who guide you. We also have many clinical sites that can accommodate your interests in the field, including cheer, football, orthopedic surgery, and NCAA DII sports.

Hannah Cavalier

Curriculum

Concordia University Irvine Athletic training students will progress through a sequential and progressive didactic curriculum of 64 units that equips you with the necessary knowledge and psychomotor skills to graduate with a Master of Science in Athletic Training. Courses are delivered primarily at our Irvine campus, while certain courses blend online delivery in an interactive and engaging format.

The 3+2 MSAT track allows incoming freshman or transfer students at Concordia University Irvine to declare athletic training as their major as undergraduates. 

The 4+2 MSAT track allows students who have completed a Bachelor of Science in a related major to apply for our two-year program.

SAMPLE ATHLETIC TRAINING COURSES
Units
MSCE 586: Advanced Strength, Speed and Conditioning
4

Strength and conditioning practices that supplement the science learned in exercise physiology and kinesiology. This class is designed to prepare students for gaining certification in ACSM, NSCA, or personal fitness.

MSCE 589: Nutrition for Sport
4

This course covers the essentials of human nutrition that improve and sustain optimal performance for sport and exercise. The effects of eating disorders (in both male and female athletes), weight management, and sport nutrition resources are also discussed.

MSAT 451/551: Risk Management, Taping, & Injury Prevention
3

An introduction to basic taping, preparation, wrapping and casting techniques that are common practice in athletic training and sports medicine. Content is based upon the 4th Edition National Athletic Trainer's Association Educational Competencies/Risk Management and Injury Prevention domain.

MSAT 458/558: Therapeutic Exercise
3

This course is a theoretical and practical approach to therapeutic exercise and rehabilitation techniques for the injured athlete or those who engage in physical activity. Lab time is included in the schedule.

This course introduces the student to the clinical applications of therapeutic exercise and the rehabilitation process for athletic injuries in sports medicine and physical therapy professional settings. A lecture and lab that focuses on the use range of motion, strength, muscular endurance and muscular speed exercises, proprioceptive neuromuscular facilitation, and joint mobilization to promote health and wellness following injury.

MSAA/MSAT 583: General Medicine/Pharmacology
4

This course will incorporate the knowledge, skills, and values that entry-level certified athletic trainers or similar health professionals must possess to recognize, treat, and refer, when appropriate, general medical conditions and disabilities. This course will also look at the skills and knowledge of pharmacologic applications for athletes and others involved in physical activity.  Designed to introduce the athletic training student to the various general medical conditions that effect the active and athletic population. The focus of the course is based on the prevention, recognition, clinical diagnosis, treatment interventions, and appropriate medical referral of pathological medical conditions which are encompassed in the field of sport medicine.

VIEW CURRICU