 strength, muscular endurance and muscular speed exercises, proprioceptive neuromuscular facilitation, and joint mobilization to promote health and wellness following injury.

MSAA/MSAT 583: General Medicine/Pharmacology
4

This course will incorporate the knowledge, skills, and values that entry-level certified athletic trainers or similar health professionals must possess to recognize, treat, and refer, when appropriate, general medical conditions and disabilities. This course will also look at the skills and knowledge of pharmacologic applications for athletes and others involved in physical activity.  Designed to introduce the athletic training student to the various general medical conditions that effect the active and athletic population. The focus of the course is based on the prevention, recognition, clinical diagnosis, treatment interventions, and appropriate medical referral of pathological medical conditions which are encompassed in the field of sport medicine.

VIEW CURRICULUM

Kinesiology at Concordia University Irvine


Previous


Next
Opportunities for Graduate Students

Certified athletic trainers interact daily with athletes, coaches, physicians, physical therapists, exercise physiologists and other allied healthcare professionals in their involvement in the realm of sports medicine. Ou NCAA Division II Eagle Athletics, along with our relationships within our surrounding community, afford you the chance to practice your skills outside the classroom.

Eagles Athletics

Concordia University Irvine is now a full member of the NCAA Division II. Our Eagle Athletics offer Athletic Training students ready access to the following sports:

Baseball
Basketball
Beach Volleyball
Cheer
Cross Country
Soccer
Softball
Stunt
Swimming & Diving
Tennis
Track & Field
Volleyball
Water Polo
Lacrosse (Club)
Clinical Sites

Our graduate students have the opportunity to complete their field experiences in a variety of clinical sites. These venues include tradition athletic training settings such as high school and intercollegiate athletics along with non-traditional venues such as physician’s offices, orthopedic clinics, outpatient physical therapy clinics, chiropractics, and emergency rooms.

Capo Valley High School
Crean Lutheran High School
Golden West College
Irvine High School
JSerra High School
Mater Dei High School
Orange Lutheran High School
Portola High School
ProSport Physical Therapy - RSMc
ProSport Laguna Hills Sports Performance and Therapy
Rausch Physical Therapy
Saddleback College
San Juan Hills High School
Sand Canyon Urgent Care
Santa Margarita High School
South County Orthopedic Specialists (SCOS)
University High School
Woodbridge High School
Learning Facilities

CUI's athletic training clinical lab serves as a central location for didactic and clinical instruction. Our lab is fully equipped for evaluation and treatment of athletic injuries, performed under the supervision of certified athletic trainers. Our recently upgraded facility features multiple hi-low treatment tables, electrical muscle stimulation and ultrasound machines, taping tables, and a hydrotherapy area.

Previous
Next
Program Faculty

At Concordia University Irvine, you will connect with faculty who partner with you on your path to becoming a certified athletic trainer. You will work with a small group of peers in our own lab, and at clinical placements where you will benefit from immersive learning experiences ranging from the field, to the clinic, to the operating room.

 

Scott Graham, M.D.
Medical Director
Dr. Graham holds a BS from USC and is a graduate of the USC School of Medicine. He completed his residency in Orthopedics at UC Irvine Medical Center. During his residency, Dr. Graham worked at the Kerlan-Jobe Orthopedic Clinic as an assistant team physician with the Los Angeles Lakers and Anaheim Angels. During his Fellowship at the prestigious Cleveland Clinic, he was the Team Physician and Orthopedic Consultant for the NFL's Cleveland Browns, NBA's Cleveland Cavaliers and the WNBA's Cleveland Rockers.
Meet Our Professors

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

ATHLETIC TRAINING FACULTY

Tuition and Financial Aid
Tuition/Fee	Cost
Application Fee	$50
Clinical Fees	$200
Liability Insurance	$25
Tuition	$675/unit

Concordia’s School of Arts & Sciences offers a competitively priced Athletic Training degree program. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Emp