https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/athletic-training
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MS in Athletic Training
About
Faculty
Curriculum
Policies & Procedures
Tuition & Financial Aid
Master of Science in Athletic Training
EXPLORE 
Concordia University Irvine is no longer accepting students into the Master of Science in Athletic Training (MSAT).

Concordia University Irvine is proud to offer an educational foundation for an exciting and rewarding career in athletic training and sports medicine with the Master of Science in Athletic Training (MSAT) degree. A career as a certified athletic trainer offers a dynamic and rewarding working environment with exposure to a variety of athletic and allied healthcare settings and professionals, including athletes, coaches, physicians, physical therapists, exercise physiologists, and other allied healthcare professionals. As outlined by the National Athletic Trainers’ Association, certified athletic trainers provide comprehensive patient care in five areas of clinical practice: prevention; clinical evaluation and diagnosis; immediate and emergency care; treatment and rehabilitation; and organization and professional health and well-being.

Recognizing the need for further professional preparation of athletic trainers, Concordia University Irvine is an early adopter of the 3+2 model for earning both a Bachelor and Master of Science in Athletic Training. Our innovative, cohort-based curriculum is designed to accommodate traditional undergraduate students, transfer students, and recipients of undergraduate degrees to meet the minimum professional degree level recommended by the CAATE for successful completion of the Board of Certification examination. With Concordia University Irvine’s MSAT program, you will experience a distinctive academic environment that fuses the elements of sports medicine, allied healthcare, and the dynamics of intercollegiate athletics with the holistic values and ethics of Christian higher education.

At a Glance
Two-Year Program
Traditional Graduate degree

Students who have completed a bachelor's degree from a regionally accredited college or university and meet all requirements for admission can enroll in our two year Master of Science in Athletic Training program. All students who complete the MSAT curriculum will be endorsed to take the Board of Certification Examination to become a Certified Athletic Trainer.

Five-Year Program
Dual degree 3+2 program for incoming first-year students (freshmen)

Students complete a BS in Pre-Athletic Training & Allied Health + an MS in Athletic Training in 5 years. Our five-year (3+2) program offers students an opportunity to study in a traditional liberal arts environment, and share 15 credits of instruction with your undergraduate enrollment.

At a Glance
Application Deadline	March 1
Start Date	July 2019
Units	64
Clinical Hours	800
Completion Time	2 years
Cost per unit	$675
Accreditation	WASC, CAATE (pending approval)

Prospective transfer students are welcome to apply. Please contact your undergraduate academic advisor to explore your options.

CAATE Accreditation

Concordia University Irvine's Bachelor of Science in Athletic Training is currently accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Athletic Training Education (CAATE), 6850 Austin Center Blvd., Suite 100, Austin, TX 78731-3101. The program is currently applying to the CAATE for a change in level of degree and is pending approval.

The CAATE has required that all bachelors-level programs transition to masters-level by 2022. Concordia’s three year, sequential, undergraduate cohort education and clinical training is created to transition to a two year Master of Science in Athletic Training. Upon completion, you will be eligible for certification, credentialing, and licensure via the Board of Certification (BOC) and state medical boards that require licensure for certified athletic trainers to meet the standards of state practice or title protection acts.

Concordia University Irvine's Athletic Training Program is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Athletic Training Education (CAATE). The program has been placed on Probation as of February 24, 2017, by the CAATE, 6850 Austin Center Blvd., Suite 100, Austin, TX 78731-3101.

VIEW PERFORMANCE OUTCOMES

Why a Master’s?

According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, employment opportunities for certified athletic trainers are expected to grow much faster than average occupations by 22% between 2016 and 2026. These employment trends highlight the need for masters prepared certified athletic trainers in order to advance the profession and provide the highest quality of healthcare for the physically active. Certified athletic trainers play an integral role in the sports medicine team in the prevention, evaluation, treatment and rehabilitation of athletic injuries.

After 2.5 years of diligent analysis, leaders of