https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/nursing/msn-fnp
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Nursing Program | MSN-FNP

Admission Requirements
Curriculum
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MASTER OF SCIENCE IN NURSING: FAMILY NURSE PRACTITIONER (MSN-FNP)
School of Health & Human Sciences
GET STARTED 
Pending WSCUC Approval
Advanced Care to Advance Your Career

Concordia University Irvine’s Master of Science in Nursing with Family Nurse Practitioner (MSN-FNP) certification eligibility prepares competent, compassionate, and holistic nursing professionals to be change agents in the world of healthcare.

With the increasing shortage of healthcare workers, more hospitals and healthcare settings are looking to nurse practitioners to serve as the primary care provider. Overall employment of advanced practice nurses is projected to increase by 40% by 2031, and California has both the highest number of employed nurse practitioners and the highest average annual wage (U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics).

Concordia’s MSN-FNP program welcomes students who are interested in ethically-sound and caring-based patient advocacy. We’re preparing nurses who will serve, lead, and train diverse populations across the lifespan to promote health and wellbeing.

36
Months
COMPLETION TIME
48
Units
TOTAL UNITS
$795
Per Unit
COST PER UNIT
750
Clinical Hours
TOTAL CLINICAL HOURS
Get Started Today

Join our first cohort starting in January 2025! Take the first step today by allowing one of our admissions counselors to contact you with more information.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

When do you want to start? 
- Select Start Term
Spring 2025
Fall 2025
Spring 2026
Undecided
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

An MSN-FNP Program Designed for Working Nurses

The MSN-FNP program at Concordia delivers quality education in a flexible format. Recognizing the needs of working nurses, the program is designed to provide advanced nursing education through a blend of online courses, on-campus intensives, and hands-on practicum.

Online Courses: All of your theory and didactic courses will be delivered fully online in an asynchronous format.
On-Campus Intensives: Twice throughout the program, you’ll come to campus for two-day intensives where you can practice with other students and faculty in our state-of-the-art simulation labs, exam rooms, and perform health assessments.
Hands-On Practicum: A total of 4 practicum courses will allow you to gain experiences in a variety of healthcare facilities.
Fully Online Curriculum

Concordia’s MSN-FNP is a 48-unit program that can be completed in 36 months or 9 semesters. Courses are 8 weeks in length and taken 1 at a time.

The curriculum begins with a foundation of MSN core courses before moving into FNP specialization courses. All theory courses are delivered fully online in an asynchronous format.

Upon successful completion of the program, you will earn your MSN degree and be eligible to apply for FNP certification.

SAMPLE COURSES
MSN 501: Health Care Context and Organizational Systems Leadership
3

Healthcare Context & Organizational Systems Leadership. This course provides the advanced practice nurse with knowledge in the integration of healthcare issues and organizational system leadership in relation to governmental, legal, fiscal, spiritual, and societal values.

MSN 537: Advanced Nursing Practice for the Nurse Educator
3

This required course is designed to facilitate the advanced-practice nurse's knowledge and skills in a specialty practice area such as medical, surgical, obstetrical, pediatrics, psychiatric mental health, or community health. A minimum of twelve (12) hours per week will be spent in the clinical setting with a master’s prepared preceptor for a total of ninety (90) hours. Nursing informatics and health technologies will be explored.

MSN 540: Vocation and Ethics in Nursing
3

Vocation and Ethics in Nursing

MSN 601: Role of the Advanced Practice Nurse
3

Role of the Advanced Practice Nurse

MSN 615: Primary Care focus on Individuals, Families, Communities Theory: emphasis on Population Health, Promotions of Health and Wellness
2

Primary Care focus on Individuals, Families, Communities Theory: emphasis on Population Health, Promotions of Health and Wellness

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Previous Image
Next Image
Concordia-Spectrum Campus™

In 2023, Concordia opened its Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ as the home of the Nursing program and other graduate programs in the School of Health and Human Sciences. The campus features 20,000 sq. ft. of dedicated nursing skills laboratories, simulation, conference rooms, and office space, and more than 90,000 sq. ft. of additional classrooms, offices, workstations, and unique educational spaces for study groups and breaks.

Strategically located in a dynamic biotech and healthcare sector hub, the Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ neighbors Hoag Hospital and Kaiser Permanente within the city of Irvine. The campus is located at
16355 Laguna Canyon Rd, Irvine CA, 92618.

As a student in the MSN-FNP program, you will have the opportunity through two-day intensives to gain skills in our state-of-the-art simulation labs, practice in our exam rooms, and perform advanced physical and health assessments with direct supervision from our faculty.

Clinical Practicums

Our dedicated clinical placement coordinators will work with you individually to identify preceptors for all of your clinical courses. These placements will be located throughout Southern California with our network of partners in Orange, Los Angeles, and San Bernardino Counties.

Practicum courses focus on a full range of lifespan topics including:

Pediatrics, Childbearing Patient, and Family
Adult and Older Adult
Behavioral Health and Acute Care
Population Health and Promotion of Health and Wellness

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Featured Nursing Faculty
Cheryl Smythe-Padgham, DNP, RN, WHNP-BC

Dr. Smythe-Padgham began her career as a labor and delivery nurse over 25 years ago. She worked as a women’s health nurse practitioner in both private and community care settings for 17 years in Orange and Los Angeles counties, where she practiced in primarily underserved communities in order to serve the needs of women, mothers, and babies. In 2009, she began her career in academia as a nursing faculty member and then Assistant Dean. Dr. Smythe-Padgham has served as the Assistant Dean and Director of Nursing at Concordia since 2017. She earned her Doctorate of Nursing Practice (DNP) from the Southern California State University Consortium; her Master of Science in Nursing (MSN) and Women's Health Nurse Practitioner (WHNP) at the University of California, San Francisco; and her Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) from the University of Southern California.

MEET OUR FACULTY

Tuition and Fees
Tuition/Fees	Cost
Application Fee	$50
Tuition	$795
Health Assessment Lab Fee (1 Course)	$100
Graduate Student Success Fee	$50/semester
Graduation Fee	$150

Concordia’s MSN-FNP program is competitively priced with financial aid available. Payment plans are available, and our counselors are available to help you plan ways to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Attend an Info Night

Our Information Nights offer you a chance to visit our campus and learn all about the MSN-FNP program at Concordia, meet with faculty and staff, and ask your questions.

MAY

21

	

MSN-FNP Information Session

 Tue, May 21, 2024 5:00 PM

 Online

Respected Reputation and Accreditation

Concordia University Irvine's Nursing programs enjoy an excellent reputation with more than 1,000 nursing graduates at hospitals throughout the region and nation. Concordia University Irvine is regionally accredited by the WASC Senior College & University Commission (WSCUC).  Concordia's Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN) program has received ongoing approval by the California Board of Registered Nursing since 2009 and is accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education, 655 K Street NW, Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001, 202-887-6791. The ABSN campus-based program in Irvine is accredited by WSCUC. The new expansion hybrid ABSN program and the MSN-FNP program are pending WSCUC approval.

*The baccalaureate degree program in nursing at Concordia University Irvine is accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education, 655 K Street NW, Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001, 202-887-6791.

IRVINE SPECTRUM® and SPECTRUM™ are trademarks of Irvine Management Company used with permission.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
 
 
Request Info
 
 
Info Nights
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

