https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/nursing/msn-fnp
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Nursing Program | MSN-FNP

Admission Requirements
Curriculum
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MASTER OF SCIENCE IN NURSING: FAMILY NURSE PRACTITIONER (MSN-FNP)
School of Health & Human Sciences
GET STARTED 
Pending WSCUC Approval
Advanced Care to Advance Your Career

Concordia University Irvine’s Master of Science in Nursing with Family Nurse Practitioner (MSN-FNP) certification eligibility prepares competent, compassionate, and holistic nursing professionals to be change agents in the world of healthcare.

With the increasing shortage of healthcare workers, more hospitals and healthcare settings are looking to nurse practitioners to serve as the primary care provider. Overall employment of advanced practice nurses is projected to increase by 40% by 2031, and California has both the highest number of employed nurse practitioners and the highest average annual wage (U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics).

Concordia’s MSN-FNP program welcomes students who are interested in ethically-sound and caring-based patient advocacy. We’re preparing nurses who will serve, lead, and train diverse populations across the lifespan to promote health and wellbeing.

36
Months
COMPLETION TIME
48
Units
TOTAL UNITS
$795
Per Unit
COST PER UNIT
750
Clinical Hours
TOTAL CLINICAL HOURS
Get Started Today

Join our first cohort starting in January 2025! Take the first step today by allowing one of our admissions counselors to contact you with more information.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

When do you want to start? 
- Select Start Term
Spring 2025
Fall 2025
Spring 2026
Undecided
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

An MSN-FNP Program Designed for Working Nurses

The MSN-FNP program at Concordia delivers quality education in a flexible format. Recognizing the needs of working nurses, the program is designed to provide advanced nursing education through a blend of online courses, on-campus intensives, and hands-on practicum.

Online Courses: All of your theory and didactic courses will be delivered fully online in an asynchronous format.
On-Campus Intensives: Twice throughout the program, you’ll come to campus for two-day intensives where you can practice with other students and faculty in our state-of-the-art simulation labs, exam rooms, and perform health assessments.
Hands-On Practicum: A total of 4 practicum courses will allow you to gain experiences in a variety of healthcare facilities.
Fully Online Curriculum

Concordia’s MSN-FNP is a 48-unit program that can be completed in 36 months or 9 semesters. Courses are 8 weeks in length and taken 1 at a time.

The curriculum begins with a foundation of MSN core courses before moving into FNP specialization courses. All theory courses are delivered fully online in an asynchronous format.

Upon successful completion of the program, you will earn your MSN degree and be eligible to apply for FNP certification.

SAMPLE COURSES
MSN 501: Health Care Context and Organizational Systems Leadership
3

Healthcare Context & Organizational Systems Leadership. This course provides the advanced practice nurse with knowledge in the integration of healthcare issues and organizational system leadership in relation to governmental, legal, fiscal, spiritual, and societal values.

MSN 537: Advanced Nursing Practice for the Nurse Educator
3

This required course is designed to facilitate the advanced-practice nurse's knowledge and skills in a specialty practice area such as medical, surgical, obstetrical, pediatrics, psychiatric mental health, or community health. A minimum of twelve (12) hours per week will be spent in the clinical setting with a master’s prepared preceptor for a total of ninety (90) hours. Nursing informatics and health technologies will be explored.

MSN 540: Vocation and Ethics in Nursing
3

Vocation and Ethics in Nursing

MSN 601: Role of the Advanced Practice Nurse
3

Role of the Advanced Practice Nurse

MSN 615: Primary Care focus on Individuals, Families, Communities Theory: emphasis on Population Health, Promotions of Health and Wellness
2

Primary Care focus on Individuals, Families, Communities Theory: emphasis on Population Health, Promotions of Health and Wellness

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Previous Image
Next Image
Concordia-Spectrum Campus™

In 2023, Concordia opened its Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ as the home of the Nursing program and other graduate programs in the School of Health and Human Sciences. The campus features 20,000 sq. ft. of dedicated nursing skills laboratories, simulation, conference rooms, and office space, and more than 90,000 sq. ft. of additional classrooms, offices, workstations, and unique educational spaces for study groups and breaks.

Strategically located in a dynamic