nologies will be explored.

MSN 540: Vocation and Ethics in Nursing
3

Vocation and Ethics in Nursing

MSN 601: Role of the Advanced Practice Nurse
3

Role of the Advanced Practice Nurse

MSN 615: Primary Care focus on Individuals, Families, Communities Theory: emphasis on Population Health, Promotions of Health and Wellness
2

Primary Care focus on Individuals, Families, Communities Theory: emphasis on Population Health, Promotions of Health and Wellness

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Previous Image
Next Image
Concordia-Spectrum Campus™

In 2023, Concordia opened its Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ as the home of the Nursing program and other graduate programs in the School of Health and Human Sciences. The campus features 20,000 sq. ft. of dedicated nursing skills laboratories, simulation, conference rooms, and office space, and more than 90,000 sq. ft. of additional classrooms, offices, workstations, and unique educational spaces for study groups and breaks.

Strategically located in a dynamic biotech and healthcare sector hub, the Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ neighbors Hoag Hospital and Kaiser Permanente within the city of Irvine. The campus is located at
16355 Laguna Canyon Rd, Irvine CA, 92618.

As a student in the MSN-FNP program, you will have the opportunity through two-day intensives to gain skills in our state-of-the-art simulation labs, practice in our exam rooms, and perform advanced physical and health assessments with direct supervision from our faculty.

Clinical Practicums

Our dedicated clinical placement coordinators will work with you individually to identify preceptors for all of your clinical courses. These placements will be located throughout Southern California with our network of partners in Orange, Los Angeles, and San Bernardino Counties.

Practicum courses focus on a full range of lifespan topics including:

Pediatrics, Childbearing Patient, and Family
Adult and Older Adult
Behavioral Health and Acute Care
Population Health and Promotion of Health and Wellness

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Featured Nursing Faculty
Cheryl Smythe-Padgham, DNP, RN, WHNP-BC

Dr. Smythe-Padgham began her career as a labor and delivery nurse over 25 years ago. She worked as a women’s health nurse practitioner in both private and community care settings for 17 years in Orange and Los Angeles counties, where she practiced in primarily underserved communities in order to serve the needs of women, mothers, and babies. In 2009, she began her career in academia as a nursing faculty member and then Assistant Dean. Dr. Smythe-Padgham has served as the Assistant Dean and Director of Nursing at Concordia since 2017. She earned her Doctorate of Nursing Practice (DNP) from the Southern California State University Consortium; her Master of Science in Nursing (MSN) and Women's Health Nurse Practitioner (WHNP) at the University of California, San Francisco; and her Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) from the University of Southern California.

MEET OUR FACULTY

Tuition and Fees
Tuition/Fees	Cost
Application Fee	$50
Tuition	$795
Health Assessment Lab Fee (1 Course)	$100
Graduate Student Success Fee	$50/semester
Graduation Fee	$150

Concordia’s MSN-FNP program is competitively priced with financial aid available. Payment plans are available, and our counselors are available to help you plan ways to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Attend an Info Night

Our Information Nights offer you a chance to visit our campus and learn all about the MSN-FNP program at Concordia, meet with faculty and staff, and ask your questions.

MAY

21

	

MSN-FNP Information Session

 Tue, May 21, 2024 5:00 PM

 Online

Respected Reputation and Accreditation

Concordia University Irvine's Nursing programs enjoy an excellent reputation with more than 1,000 nursing graduates at hospitals throughout the region and nation. Concordia University Irvine is regionally accredited by the WASC Senior College & University Commission (WSCUC).  Concordia's Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN) program has received ongoing approval by the California Board of Registered Nursing since 2009 and is accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education, 655 K Street NW, Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001, 202-887-6791. The ABSN campus-based program in Irvine is accredited by WSCUC. The new expansion hybrid ABSN program and the MSN-FNP program are pending WSCUC approval.

*The baccalaureate degree program in nursing at Concordia University Irvine is accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education, 655 K Street NW, Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001, 202-887-6791.

IRVINE SPECTRUM® and SPECTRUM™ are trademarks of Irvine Management Company used with permission.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
 
 
Request Info
 
 
Info Nights
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
V