https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege/crosswise/cw30-cast
Skip to Main Content

Search
UNDERGRADUATE
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
CROSSWISE INSTITUTE
Summer Experience 
Podcast
Meet the Team
Contact
Register Now
Crosswise 30 Podcast

Welcome to the Crosswise 30, a podcast dedicated to the integration of the liberal arts and confessional Christian theology. Every other week or so, hosts Dan Deen and Joel Oesch will discuss a topic on the cultural landscape that needs some attention. Anything is fair game. Join us as we apply various insights from philosophy and theology to the issue at hand toward the end of discovering what is true, good, and beautiful about our world. CW30 will regularly host external guests along the way, asking them to contribute their unique perspectives! Come and join the conversation!

S1 E36: Rebellion (Crosswise 30)

Posted on 2/10/2021 by Dr. Joel Oesch and Dr. Caleb Karges

Dr. Joel Oesch (Theology) discusses the recent Capitol Riots with Dr. Caleb Karges (History) from historical and theological perspectives. Oesch leads up an exciting annual event at Concordia University Irvine's campus, the Crosswise Institute.  Learn more about it here.  

Listen to Podcast 

S1 E23: The Magical Properties of Language (Crosswise 30)

Posted on 11/22/2020 by Dr. Joel Oesch, Dr. Daniel Dean, and Dr. David Schulz

This episode’s primary text is a George Carlin clip about euphemisms and how language is modified and shaped to achieve various ends. Drs. Oesch and Deen are joined by Professor of Communication Studies at Concordia University Irvine, Dr. David Schulz. Learn what makes a cuss word a “bad word” and other interesting functions of language. 

Listen to Podcast 

S1 E18: Wise as Serpents, Harmless as Doves: Preparing High School Youth for University (Crosswise 30)

Posted on 11/5/2020 by Dr. Joel Oesch and Dr. Daniel Dean

It is no secret that university culture has a tendency to erode the faith of our children.  How do we as a church body prepare the youth for this known reality?  In this workshop, Joel and Dan discuss the cultural factors that work for and against our youth at university.

Listen to Podcast 

S1 E15: Virtually Dead (Crosswise 30)

Posted on 10/22/2020 by Dr. Joel Oesch and Dr. Daniel Deen

Dr. Joel Oesch and Dr. Daniel Deen discuss death, transhumanism, and technology that's being used to try and outwit the Grim Reaper. This takes place with their joint core classes in the virtual audience. There are student questions and responses. The whole conversation reflects on this startling video.

Listen to Podcast 

S1 E12: Failure to Communicate (Crosswise 30)

Posted on 10/16/2020 by Dr. Joel Oesch and Dr. Daniel Dean

This is the first installment of our new feature series called Crosswise 30. For this episode, Dr. Joel Oesch and Dr. Daniel Dean discuss the Trump-Biden presidential debate on the same day when, instead of a second debate, the two presidential hopefuls held town halls without the other candidate present. They discuss the ways in which they try to remedy this breakdown of civil discourse through their podcast series and through the annual summer event they lead with other colleagues: the Crosswise Institute. 

Listen to Podcast 

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

