porary issues are discussed.

 

Listen to Podcast 

S2 E6: Should We Want God to Exist

Posted on 11/1/2021 by Dr. Brian Ballard

An exploration of the question whether anyone should want theism to be true. This thought experiment leads to fascinating and important insights. This talk was a CUI Bono presentation in the CUI Heritage Garden.

Listen to Podcast 

S2 E5: The Constitution: Rumors of Its Demise Are Greatly Exaggerated

Posted on 10/23/2021 by The Honorable Andrew Guilford

We present the keynote speech on the Constitution for CUI’s constitution week, spearheaded by JoEllen Chatham, Director of the Center for Civics Education, in collaboration with the History and Political Thought Department. The speaker is The Honorable Andrew J. Guilford, who was appointed to the United States District Court for the Central District of California, Southern Division, sitting in Orange County and serving since July 7, 2006.

Listen to Podcast 

S2 E4: What Kind of Student Are You? The Role of Virtues in Pursuit of Education Jack Schultz, Professor of Anthropology

Posted on 10/14/2021 by Dr. Jack Schultz

Anthropologist Dr. Jack Schulz discusses the nature of a good life in the face of death, as conceived across various cultures, and in light of his own confrontation with a cancer diagnosis.

Listen to Podcast 

S2 E3: How to Survive the Apocalypse: Taoist & Christian Advice Compared

Posted on 9/28/2021 by Dr. Jeff Mallinson

Dr. Jeff Mallinson (Prof. & Chair of History & Political Thought) explains how ancient Taoists and early Christians both faced worlds that were uncertain, violent & riddled with factionalism & war. According to him, both approaches to life encouraged a sort of spiritual anarchism, which is the central topic of this outside lecture in the CUI Heritage Garden.

Listen to Podcast 

«
1
2
3
4
5
6
»
Distribution

You can subscribe to the podcast on all major podcast platforms, including Apple Podcasts and Spotify. You can also download or stream directly from here. Occasional livestreaming of interviews via Instagram and Facebook Live will also take place. Check back here for show notes, slides, and relevant links mentioned on each episode.

The virtual emcee of the 2020-21 academic year is sociology professor Dr. Kristen Koenig (2020 CUI Bono Faculty Member of the Year). CUI Bono content is under the leadership of philosophy professor Dr. Daniel Deen. Dr. Jeff Mallinson, veteran podcaster and chair of the History and Political Thought department, records and produces the show, along with volunteer mentees from the ranks of CUI Bono and the Honors Living Learning Community (LLC), which Dr. Mallinson serves as the Faculty-in-Residence.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

