https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/student-leadership/clubs-and-organizations/cui-bono/podcast
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

CUI Bono

Podcasts
Contact 
CUI Bono Podcast
CUI BONO
CUI Bono Cast

The CUI Bono Cast is a regular podcast that features lively academic extracurricular presentations and conversations happening throughout Concordia University Irvine. The CUI Bono club started as a volunteer group of faculty and students. The podcast is an expansion of that spirit of service, as it amplifies the work of various groups on campus, from the Living Learning Communities, to the Honors Program, to the Crosswise Institute.

In addition to curating the best of our outside-of-class conversations, we will also let the world eavesdrop on the beloved CUI Bono talks and conversations themselves, and will occasionally include special interviews on current issues. Since CUI Bono asks Who Stands to Benefit? this podcast will help listeners answer that question as they apply the tools of the liberal arts to life in our complex times. You don’t have to be a brainiac or bookish type, just someone with a delight in the life of the mind and an interest in wrestling through the big questions and ideas that have preoccupied people throughout the ages.

For more information, email cuibonocast@cui.edu.

 Amazon Music  Spotify
S2 E12: The Spanish What Now? How a 300 Year Old War Lives on Today

Posted on 11/18/2021 by Dr. Caleb Karges

Dr. Caleb Karges (History) explains the nature of the War of Spanish Succession (1701-1714), the lessons it teaches us, and why it still matters today. Dr. Karges also regularly hosts a feature podcast series with Cui Bono Cast, called “The History Suite.” He is also faculty-in-residence at the Global Village Living-Learning Community. 

Listen to Podcast 

S2 E11: Our Vocations: How Our Lord (Normally) Works in the World

Posted on 11/17/2021 by Dr. Michael Thomas

This convocation lecture explores the heart of Concordia's education mission: the concept of vocation. Attention is given to the sacredness of our work and callings in life and to ways to discern one's callings in a particular life. 

Listen to Podcast 

S2 E10: Afrofuturism: Octavia E. Butler & Black Science Fiction

Posted on 11/16/2021 by Dr. Bryan Santin

Dr Bryan Santin (English) discusses the power and insights of Afrofuturist science fiction in the work of Octavia Butler. This was recorded at the Honors Living Learning Community on the campus of Concordia University Irvine.

Listen to Podcast 

S2 E9: Literature and Politics (History Suite)

Posted on 11/10/2021 by Dr. Bryan Santin and Dr. Caleb Karges

Dr. Bryan Santin (English) and Dr. Caleb Karges discuss the recent history of politics and fiction and its various leanings over the decades. Santin teaches some classes in the History and Political Thought department and has recently published Postwar American Fiction and The Rise of Modern Conservatism: A Literary History. 

Listen to Podcast 

S2 E8: Curiosity

Posted on 11/9/2021 by Dr. Joel Oesch and Dr. Daniel Dean

Dr. Daniel Deen (Philosophy) and Dr. Joel Oesch (Theology) discuss the concept of curiosity. Is it good for us? Is it helpful? This episode was recorded at the Bella Amore LLC at Concordia University Irvine. Some of the student questions are hard to hear, but if you stick with it, Deen and Oesch end up bringing together themes from great thinkers to discuss the life of the mind with students and fellow faculty. These two faculty members also lead the summer Crosswise Institute. 

Listen to Podcast 

S2 E7: How New Technology Changes the Nature of Warfare (History Suite)

Posted on 11/2/2021 by Dr. Caleb Karges and Lieut. Josiah Popp

Lieut. Josiah Popp (USMC), alumnus of the History and Political Thought program and Dr. Caleb Karges, military historian at CUI, discuss the history and implications of new technologies applied to warfare. Historical and contemporary issues are discussed.

 

Listen to Podcast 

S2 E6: Should We Want God to Exist

Posted on 11/1/2021 by Dr. Brian Ballard

An exploration of the question whether anyone should want theism to be true. This thought experiment leads to fascinating and important insights. This talk was a CUI Bono presentation in the CUI Heritage Garden.

Listen to Podcast 

S2 E5: The Constitution: Rumors of Its Demise Are Greatly Exaggerated

Posted on 10/23/2021 by The Honorable Andrew Guilford

We present the keynote speech on the Constitution for CUI’s constitution week, spearheaded by JoEllen Chatham, Director of the Center for Civics Education, in collaboration with the History and Political Thought Department. The speaker is The Honorable Andrew J. Guilford, who was appointed to the United States District Court for the Central District of California, Southern Division, sitting in Orange County and serving since July 7, 2006.

Listen to Podcast 

S2 E4: What Kind of Student Are You? The Role of Virtues in Pursuit of Education Jack Schultz, Professor of Anthropology

Posted on 10/14/2021 by Dr. Jack Schultz

Anthropologist Dr. Jack Schulz discusses the nature of a good life in the face of death, as conceived across various cultures, and in light of his own confrontation with a cancer diagnosis.

Listen to Podcast 

S2 E3: How to Survive the Apocalypse: Taoist & Christian Advice Compared

Posted on 9/28/2021 by Dr. Jeff Mallinson

Dr. Jeff Mallinson (Prof. & Chair of History & Political Thought) explains how ancient Taoists and early Christians both faced worlds that were uncertain, violent & riddled with factionalism & war. According to him, both approaches to life encouraged a sort of spiritual anarchism, which is the central topic of this outside lecture in the CUI Heritage Garden.

Listen to Podcast 

«
1
2
3
4
5
6
»
Distribution

You can subscribe to the podcast on all major podcast platforms, including Apple Podcasts and Spotify. You can also download or stream directly from here. Occasional livestreaming of interviews via Instagram and Facebook Live will also take place. Check back here for show notes, slides, and relevant links mentioned on each episode.

The virtual emcee of the 2020-21 academic year is sociology professor Dr. Kristen Koenig (2020 CUI Bono Faculty Member of the Year). CUI Bono content is under the leadership of philosophy professor Dr. Daniel Deen. Dr. Jeff Mallinson, veteran podcaster and chair of the History and Political Thought department, records and produces the show, along with volunteer mentees from the ranks of CUI Bono and the Honors Living Learning Community (LLC), which Dr. Mallinson serves as the Faculty-in-Residence.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

