https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/student-leadership/clubs-and-organizations/cui-bono/podcast/the-history-suite
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

CUI Bono

Podcasts
Contact 
The History Suite
CUI BONO
S1 E44: Historical Sources (History Suite)

Posted on 3/30/2021 by Dr. Caleb Karges, Dr. C.J. Armstrong, and Dr. Jeff Mallinson

We answer a listener question about history being written by the victors. Regular History Suite host, Dr. Caleb Karges (military historian) is joined by Dr. C.J. Armstrong (classics) and Dr. Jeff Mallinson (historian of ideas and religion). What happens when we are left with only one source? What if that source is hostile? Assessing the author of a source is where this episode on historiography takes us.

Listen to Podcast 

S1 E43: The Philistines (History Suite)

Posted on 3/29/2021 by Dr. Paul Elliott and Dr. Caleb Karges

Dr. Paul Elliott (Hebrew Bible/Old Testament) joins Dr. Caleb Karges (History) to discuss the interesting but elusive people known as the Philistines. Let these scholars bring the stories from the Old Testament to life.

Listen to Podcast 

S1 E38: The Neo-Babylonian Empire (History Suite)

Posted on 2/26/2021 by Dr. Paul Elliott

The History Suite is embarking on a new series called “People and Places,” exploring peoples of the world and their history. This episode's guest is Rev. Dr. Paul Elliott, Associate Professor of Theology at CUI, author of a book on Ambrose of Milan and currently writing a commentary on the book of Habbakuk. With Rev. Dr. Elliott as our tour-guide, he takes us to the streets of ancient Babylon and points out the sights and sounds of the Neo-Babylonian Empire, including the Hanging Gardens, Ziggurats, beer, religion, money, and politics.

Listen to Podcast 

S1 E34: History and the Movies (History Suite)

Posted on 2/3/2021 by Caleb Karges, CJ Armstrong, and Jeff Mallinson

Three CUI historians discuss cinema and history, and share their least favorites, favorites and discuss documentaries. Joining regular host Caleb Karges (Military History) are CJ Armstrong (Classical History) and Jeff Mallinson (Intellectual and Religious History).

Listen to Podcast 

S1 E32: From the Hitler Youth to Route 66: The Biography of Onno Rahlfs (History Suite)

Posted on 1/24/2021 by Dr. Caleb Karges

Dr. Karges interviews 89-year-old, German-born Onno Rahlfs. His story is a story of the twentieth century, which includes highlights such as the World Wars, the Hitler Youth, being "captured" by American GIs, Postwar Germany, the Volkswagen Beetle, driving Route 66, and falling in love with the American West.

Listen to Podcast 

S1 E31: Conspiracies and Conspiracy Theories (History Suite)

Posted on 1/14/2021 by Joe Popp, Jeff Mallinson, and Caleb Karges

In the wake of last week’s siege of the US Capitol, we use history to make sense of conspiracy theories, conspiracies, and mob violence. In an unprecedentedly lonely time, the pressure release valves of societies seem to have led people to desire riotous group violence. In a sense, this is a bonus follow up to last semester’s insurgency series conducted by the History Suite. Joe Popp and Jeff Mallinson join regular host of this CUI Bono Cast series, military historian Caleb Karges. 

Listen to Podcast 

S1 E30: Mail Bag (History Suite)

Posted on 12/28/2020 by Dr. Caleb Karges

Dr. Karges answers some questions in the mailbag regarding the series on Strategic Thought. The questions take him to World War II, The War of American Independence, The Alamo, and Native American warfare. He references books by Geoff Megargee, Heinz Guderian, and Erwin Rommel.

Listen to Podcast 

S1 E29: Strategic Thought Retrospective (History Suite)

Posted on 12/26/2020 by Dr. Caleb Karges, Sam Fluegge, and Jacob Lange

Dr. Caleb Karges, Jacob Lange, and Sam Fluegge conclude this term’s series on Strategic Thought by reflecting on all of the readings together and on the class that accompanied it. We talk about some of our favorite concepts from the class and our favorite authors. We then draw comparisons between military strategy and board games. They draw conclusions about warfare and love of neighbor toward the end, all for the sake of peace on earth and good will to all of humanity. 

Listen to Podcast 

S1 E28: Strategy (History Suite)

Posted on 12/16/2020 by Dr. Caleb Karges, Sam Fluegge, and Jacob Lange

In this episode Dr. Caleb Karges, Samuel Fluegge, and Jacob Lange examine the work of the prolific British strategic theorist, Basil Liddell Hart and his idea of the "indirect approach" that he explains in his book Strategy. 

Listen to Podcast 

S1 E27: The Influence of Sea Power (History Suite)

Posted on 12/15/2020 by Dr. Caleb Karges, Sam Fluegge, and Jacob Lange

Caleb Karges, Sam Fluegge, and Jacob Lange discuss Capt. Alfred Thayer Mahan’s The Influence of Sea Power upon History and lessons from surfing for understanding naval warfare end existent