has been teaching mathematics at Concordia University since 1997.  Dr. Schulteis earned her Ph.D. in mathematics from the University of California, Irvine in 2004, working in an area of Mathematical Analysis related to mathematical physics.  Dr. Schulteis enjoys working with undergraduate students, and she has sponsored dozens of undergraduate research projects in Concordia’s Academic Showcase of Undergraduate Research.   Her recent conference presentations center on implementation of Active Learning techniques in upper level mathematics classes. Her favorite math topic to teach is the Fibonacci sequence because of its beautiful mathematical patterns and numerous connections to nature.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

MATHEMATICS FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get In Touch

For more information about the Mathematics major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Julie Melberg
Mathematics and Computer Sciences Chair
julie.melberg@cui.edu
949-214-3295

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

