https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/mathematics
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Mathematics
Curriculum
Minor 
Actuarial Science Program
Faculty
Get Started
Mathematics Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Pursue a Successful Career in Mathematics

Mathematics majors develop skills to pursue careers in many different fields, and studying mathematics as part of a liberal arts degree opens the doors to a world of opportunities. As a mathematics major, you will gain skills in problem-solving through challenging intellectual pursuits that will be an asset in many different careers, including education, government, banking, law, medicine or business.

The Mathematics Department will help to develop your numerical and analytical abilities to investigate, formulate, analyze, and articulate solutions to problems within the discipline of mathematics. Skilled faculty provide guidance as you enjoy the intrigue and challenge of mathematics, as well as the satisfaction of knowing you have arrived at an answer to a problem. As a mathematics major at Concordia, you will enjoy small classes where you are known and supported by students and faculty members in an academically rigorous environment where you are prepared to succeed.

Check out how we develop Wise, Honorable, and Cultivated Citizens!

Ready to Apply?
APPLY HERE
What Students Are Saying

Here’s what graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Mathematics major are saying.

The professors were extremely knowledgeable and helpful. They were all passionate about the course material they were teaching and made the class interesting.

Chrissie McNab ' 13

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Alumna Continues Research at Conferences, Graduate School

Megan Sorenson ’15

Megan Sorenson ’15 started her mathematical research at Concordia University Irvine and is currently continuing her studies at CU Denver. While at Concordia University Irvine, she presented research about fractals at the Pacific Coast Undergraduate Mathematics Conference, explaining how imaginary numbers allow one to create computer screen backgrounds with intricate designs that repeat endlessly and never lose their intricacy. 

READ STORY
Opportunities For Mathematics Majors

The Mathematics Department endeavors to develop your numerical and analytical abilities to investigate, formulate, analyze, and articulate solutions to problems within the discipline of mathematics.

Academic Opportunities

As a mathematics major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, double major, pursue a pre-professional program, prepare for graduate school or transition directly into our teacher credential program.

Actuarial Science Program
Business Data Analytics Minor
Business Minor
Computer Science Major
Liberal Studies Major: Mathematics Concentration
Teacher Credential Program
Extracurricular Activities

Putting mathematics into practice, students here at Concordia have a unique opportunity to be active participants in research and other math-related activities on campus and around the world. Concordia students participate in and attend various educational conferences, math clubs, and other extracurricular activities.

Pi Mu Epsilon (Math Club)
Pacific Undergraduate Research and Creativity Conference (PURCC)
Mathematical Association of America (MAA)
Study abroad with Concordia’s Cambridge Program
Nebraska Conference for Undergraduate Women in Mathematics
President's Academic Showcase of Undergraduate Research
National Council of Teachers of Mathematics Conference
Internships

All Mathematics majors must carry out a faculty-approved independent research project as a part of their degree requirements. Internships are designed to produce graduates who are equipped intellectually and experientially to excel in graduate and professional degree programs or in the workplace. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned:

Pacific Life Insurance
L-3 Aerospace Communications
Scholarships
Departmental Award
President Honors Scholarship
Graduate Schools Attended

Many of our alumni in the natural sciences continue their education in graduate school. Concordia has proudly placed graduates in first-class PhD programs ranging from material science and nuclear chemistry to food science and chemical engineering.

California State East Bay
Colorado University - Denver
University of California Irvine
Würzburg University - Germany
Notre Dame
Washington State University
Where Our Alumni Are Working
United Healthcare
PacificLife
Orange Lutheran High School
Centennial High School, Corona
Tustin Unified High School
Foothill High School