https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/president/between-2-presidents-podcast
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Office of the President
About Michael A. Thomas
State of the University
Inauguration
Speeches, Writings, & Media
Podcast
Tours
BETWEEN 2 PRESIDENTS PODCAST
Office of the President
Between 2 Presidents

A podcast series featuring Dr. Michael Thomas, president of Concordia University Irvine, and the current president of ASCUI (Associated Students of Concordia University Irvine). This series examines how two individuals - one a husband and dad, and the other a college student -- embark on their roles as presidents. Their conversations revolve around how their responsibilities are similar and how they’re different, and will be infused with real-life stories and insights.

Episode 7 - Advice to Your Freshman Self, Finding Your People, and Different Doesn't Mean Less

Posted on 4/27/2021 by Dr. Michael Thomas and Tyler Haase

As the inaugural season of the Between 2 Presidents podcast comes to a close, hosts Concordia University Irvine President Michael Thomas and ASCUI President Tyler Haase reflect on the end of an era as they sum up their first years as presidents…during a pandemic. Advice for the future, cherishing memories, and seizing the day make up the convo about a year that was different, but not less.

Listen to Podcast 

Episode 6 - Ideas on Napkins, Travel with a Purpose, and Changed Heart

Posted on 4/1/2021 by Dr. Michael Thomas and Tyler Haase

As world travel came to a halt due to the pandemic, what lies ahead for study abroad as the world begins to open up? Join Concordia University Irvine's Between 2 Presidents podcast hosts and their special guest, Concordia University Irvine English Professor John Norton, as they share cautionary tales about traveling as college students back in the day, possibly missing a plane, train or ferry along the way, and returning home with humbled hearts. Norton also profiles Concordia’s exclusive study abroad program, Around the World, and how students can earn credit while traveling the globe.

Listen to Podcast 

Episode 5 - The Prancing Pony, Motorcycle Rides, and Standing on Top of Two Cultures

Posted on 1/26/2021 by Dr. Michael Thomas and Tyler Haase

Join the hosts of Concordia University Irvine’s Between 2 Presidents podcast in their first installment of 2021 as they talk about taking on growth challenges—a.k.a. resolutions—for themselves. Fire pits and s’mores, traveling abroad, and motorcycle riding are just some of the hosts’ goals. But more important is how special guest Concordia University Irvine Spanish Professor Maria Wilbar’s new Spanish class—Spanish for Heritage Speakers—can help students who are heritage Spanish speakers improve their native language for the sake of new goals such as standing out from other candidates for that job or internship, or just getting back to their cultural roots.

Listen to Podcast 

Episode 4 - Holiday Fire Hazards, Christmas Gumbo, and Catching Santa Ring-handed

Posted on 12/21/2020 by Dr. Michael Thomas and Tyler Haase

In this final installment of the year (but wait, there’s more), the hosts of Concordia University Irvine’s Between 2 Presidents talk about their family Christmas memories and traditions. Can you guess who hated hiking in the woods to cut down their family Christmas tree? Who do you think learned in second grade—thanks to his sister—that Santa wasn’t real? These and other burning questions are answered as the hosts also welcome Concordia University Irvine students, faculty and staff who share their favorite Christmas traditions growing up, and today.

Listen to Podcast 

Episode 3 - Greek (and Latin) Sauria, an Existential Crisis, & The Cessation of People Thinking for You

Posted on 12/1/2020 by Dr. Michael Thomas and Tyler Haase

This third installment of the Between 2 Presidents podcast revisits the topic of dinosaurs with special guest Dr. Rod Soper, Concordia University Irvine Professor of Biology. The presidents are schooled by Dr. Soper on dinosaurs before discussing with him the Hows and Whys of science, connecting both to the unique core classes offered as well as Concordia University Irvine's Lutheran liberal arts tradition.   

Listen to Podcast 

Episode 2 - Gangsters, Unassuming Arrogance, & the Use of Ordinary Bread

Posted on 10/30/2020 by Dr. Michael Thomas and Tyler Haase

This episode of Concordia University Irvine’s Between 2 Presidents podcast kicks off with a follow-up conversation about how Dr. Thomas uses the opening scene from The Godfather as an introduction to the Gospel. 

Listen to Podcast 

Episode 1 - Dinosaurs, Disembarking Habits, and It's My Parents' Fault

Posted on 9/25/2020 by Dr. Michael Thomas and Tyler Haase

This episode of Concordia University Irvine’s Between 2 Presidents podcast kicks off with the two Presidents asking each other questions, not unlike those asked  on a blind date. 

Listen to Podcast 

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

