nery, websites, social media, co-branding, facilities, or apparel and merchandise. The following guidelines will apply when using University trademarks, branding, or identifying markers. Students, employees, contracted partners, and outside vendors must request permission to use the University’s trademarks, copyrights, branding elements, and identifying markers when those elements are being used for profit, promotion, or use with constituents external to the University.

Trademark, copyrights, branding elements, and identifying markers can include, but are not limited to:

Words (for example, Concordia University Irvine)
Symbols (for example, Concordia Eagles logo)
Colors (for example, Green and Gold)
Imagery (for example, campus/facility photography, roster headshots, photos in uniform)

A request to use University trademarks, branding elements, or identifying markers must be submitted using the Trademark Use Request Form. Please allow adequate time for review, including any required revisions.

For Concordia University Irvine student-athletes: the University allows Concordia student-athletes to benefit from the use of their names, images, or likeness consistent with rules and recommendations issued by the NCAA and the State of California. Concordia student-athletes must complete the Name, Image, and Likeness Submittal prior to requesting Concordia trademarks, branding, and identifying markers.

Name, Image & Likeness Guidelines
Co-branding with the University or use of identifying markers will be considered on a case-by-case basis with respect to current contractual relationships and in accordance with University policies. These rights will need to be secured through an agreement granting specified promotional or licensed rights.
For certain retail products, only officially licensed manufacturers of the University may reproduce items bearing the University’s trademarks and indicia.
Any usage of University logos, verbiage, or brand elements requires prior review and approval from the Office of Strategic Communications. The University has sole discretion over its marks and does not guarantee the use of University marks by any entity.
University marks cannot be altered or modified in any manner (including, but not limited to adding elements to official logos or covering parts of logos with other elements, color changes, stretching or skewing, flipping, separating into parts, or altering any part of any University logo).
No references to drugs, tobacco-related products, alcohol, illegal substances/activities, banned athletics substances, or any form of gambling, including sports wagering, may be used in conjunction with University marks.
No products and establishments that market products exclusively to those 18 years of age or older may be used in conjunction with University marks.
No co-branding with the University or use of identifying markers with organizations or products that do not align with the University's mission and Christian identity.
The University reserves the right to adjust guidelines at any time.
TRADEMARK USE REQUEST FORM
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services
