https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/president/articles
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Office of the President
About Michael A. Thomas
State of the University
Inauguration
Speeches, Writings, & Media
Podcast
Tours
Michael A. Thomas, Ph.D.
SPEECHES, WRITINGS & MEDIA
Office of the President

We are faithfully committed to our Christian mission to be the Great Commission University. We will continue to share the hope that is within us with each and every student we teach. And today the world is in desperate need of this hope. I visualize Concordia University as a comprehensive Lutheran university that is part of a 500-year-old tradition of educational excellence. We will become the premier Lutheran University of the West.

Between 2 Presidents Podcast

Featuring Dr. Michael Thomas, president of Concordia University Irvine, and Tyler Haase, president of ASCUI (Associated Students of Concordia University Irvine)

LISTEN TO PODCASTS

From The President Spring 2024

By Dr. Michael Thomas
Posted on 4/3/2024 - 2 minute read

Concordia Magazine emphasizes Concordia University Irvine's commitment to shaping students into wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens who serve society and the church. Readers are invited to reach out to the University Advancement team for guidance on estate planning to contribute to the university's ongoing impact.

View Post »

From The President - Fall 2023

By Dr. Michael Thomas
Posted on 2/16/2024 - 2 minute read

Dr. Michael Thomas introduces Alum Lilly Niccum ̓2, discussing how Concordia’s value of higher education set her up for success and how Concordia helps students find their callings.

View Post »

From the President - Summer 2023

By Dr. Michael Thomas
Posted on 7/17/2023 - 2 minute read

We hope and pray that you enjoyed perusing the last issue of the Concordia Magazine. As you’ll recall, that issue featured several stories that highlighted Concordia University Irvine’s university-wide rebranding effort. However, that was one part of a two-part act. And now for part two!

View Post »

Concordia’s Purchase of Second Campus a ‘Once-in-a-Lifetime Opportunity’

Posted on 7/17/2023 - 7 minute read

One year ago, Concordia University Irvine’s leadership was not even considering purchasing another campus. But an unforeseen opportunity, the Lord’s guidance, and leadership from strategically-placed people has allowed Concordia to acquire a $43.5-million building which Dr. Michael Thomas calls one of the most important developments in Concordia’s history.

View Post »

From The President

By Dr. Michael Thomas
Posted on 6/29/2023 - 2 minute read

Following Concordia’s rebrand, Dr. Michael Thomas introduces “part two,” the university’s new mission statement unites our faith commitment and educational purpose.

View Post »

A Reflection on the Life of The Rev. Dr. J.A.O. "Jack” Preus III, 1953-2022

By Rev. Dr. John Nunes
Posted on 3/13/2023 - 6 minute read

Concordia celebrates and honors the life of the third president of Concordia, Rev. Dr. J.A.O. Preus III who established multiple schools, centers, and programs at Concordia.

View Post »

From The President - Winter 2023

By Dr. Michael Thomas
Posted on 2/24/2023 - 1 minute read

  Concordia’s new brand shares its story more clearly, more boldly, and more widely.

View Post »

Campus Update from President Michael Thomas

By Dr. Michael Thomas
Posted on 8/17/2022 - 4 minute read

Concordia University Irvine just revealed our new university brand last week. We are now the Golden Eagles!

Starting with extensive market research conducted last year, engaging focus groups of diverse stakeholders, and working with an exceptional marketing and brand partner, Concordia is prepared to tell our story more clearly, more boldly, and more widely! The specific elements of the new brand—new logo, academic seal, athletic mascot, and the new Freedom to Explore campaign—highlight and enhance our commitment to providing an outstanding Christian education in southern California and beyond.

 

View Post »

From The President

By Dr. Michael Thomas
Posted on 6/25/2022 - 2 minute read

Dr. Michael Thomas greets the readers of the Summer 2022 issue of the CUI Magazine. Dr. Thomas highlights inspirational student and alumni stories that illustrate how they live out the university’s mission in their daily lives.

View Post »

Exciting Plans for The Future

By Dr. Michael Thomas
Posted on 3/14/2022 - 1 minute read

Dr. Michael Thomas greets the readers of the spring 2022 issue of the CUI Magazine. Dr. Thomas shares a brief update about upcoming projects and introduces the Eagles Athletics Initiative.

View Post »

«
1
2
3
»
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advisin