https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/president/tours/spain-portugal
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Office of the President
About Michael A. Thomas
State of the University
Inauguration
Speeches, Writings, & Media
Podcast
Tours
May 2023
SPAIN & PORTUGAL
Office of the President

Mark your calendars and reserve your spot to join Concordia University Irvine President Dr. Michael Thomas on a choir companion tour through Spain & Portugal in May 2023.

2023 TRAVELERS 
Spain & Portugal: 2023
Concordia University Irvine Choir Companion Tour
12 Days: May 9-20, 2023
Touring Seville, Granada, Algarve Coast & Lisbon
Hosted by
Dr. Michael and Mrs. Kimberly Thomas
President, Concordia University Irvine

REGISTER NOW

Dear Friends,

It is with great pleasure and excitement that I invite you, as the President of Concordia University Irvine, to join Kim and me on a 12-day Concordia Choir “Companions Tour” of southern Spain and Portugal from May 9-20, 2023.

Enjoy three performances of the Concordia Choir in Seville (Spain) and Faro and Lisbon (Portugal). Additionally, you will have the opportunity to enjoy a meal with the Concordia singers at a small local restaurant during your free night in Granada.

During this tour of one of the most beautiful regions of Europe, we’ll explore Seville, the jewel of Spain, including visits to Plaza de España, the Giralda bell tower of the Seville Cathedral, Torre del Oro, and the breathtaking Royal Alcazar. In Granada, we’ll visit Alhambra, built in 889 AD and still standing as one of the finest monuments of Islamic architecture. We’ll cross into Portugal by traversing the Algarve Coast, featuring enchanting fishing villages, before entering Faro for a walking tour of the old city dating to the 13th century. We’ll finish the tour with a three-day visit to Lisbon, the capital of Portugal. Lisbon features world heritage sites such as St. George’s Castle, Jerónimos Monastery, and the Sanctuary of Fátima, a Catholic shrine where the Virgin Mary is said to have appeared.

Kim and I are excited to offer this companion tour which provides a balance between traveling with the Concordia choir and free time to explore and experience the delights of Spanish and Portuguese culture. We’ll travel in our own motor coach and stay in first class/select hotels (4-4.5 star) hotels. Also included are: roundtrip economy airline tickets from Los Angeles; daily breakfast; seven dinners; three Concordia Choir concerts; all scheduled sightseeing entrance fees; tips for Tour Manager, Bus Driver and Local Guides.

We look forward to having you join us on this amazing trip to southern Spain and Portugal. It promises to be a wonderful experience for all with time to enjoy the fellowship of old friends and new. Travel arrangements are provided by KI Concerts, a partner of the Concordia Music department.

NOW is the time to make plans and reserve your place on this tour, as space is limited. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to experience the history, culture, and remarkable scenery of the Iberian Peninsula!

We’re so excited for you to join us on this tour.

Pax Domini,

Dr. Michael & Mrs. Kimberly Thomas
President, Concordia University Irvine

Tour Features
Round-trip airfare from Los Angeles, economy class
Air taxes and surcharges at the time of booking
Professional tour manager throughout tour
Local guides with extensive knowledge of the history and culture of the cities visited
Bus transport for activities listed in the itinerary
4 - 4.5 star accommodations, based on double occupancy
Breakfast daily and 7 dinners
All scheduled sightseeing and entrance fees
Concert organization and promotion listed in itineraries
Tips for Tour Manager, Bus Driver and Local Guides

Learn More »

REGISTER NOW

Day-by-Day Itinerary

MAY

9

‌
Los Angeles / Across the Atlantic

Tuesday, May 9, 2023

Depart from Los Angeles.

MAY

10

‌
Arrive in Spain

Wednesday, May 10, 2023

Meet your KI Concerts Tour Manager.
Transfer to Seville.
Seville was founded by the Romans and then controlled by the Visigoths, Moors, and Spanish Castilians, giving the city a distinct blend of cultures and architectural styles.
Check into hotel.
Welcome dinner.
Overnight Seville.

MAY

11

‌
Seville

Thursday, May 11, 2023

Breakfast daily.
Enjoy a guided city tour of Seville, the jewel of southern Spain. A feast of sights await you here including the Plaza de España, the Giralda bell tower of the Seville Cathedral, and the Torre del Oro (Tower of Gold), a site whose name is at odds with its past as a medieval military watchtower and prison.
Visit the breathtaking Royal Alcazar, the residential palace of Spain’s royal family when in the region.
Dinner.
Attend the first Concordia University Choir Concert.
Overnight Seville.

MAY

12

‌
Seville & Granada

Friday, May 12, 2023

Free time to explore Seville.
Transfer to Granada.
Check into hotel.
Dinner on own.
Overnight Granada.

MAY

13

‌
Granada
