https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/president/tours/korea-japan
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Office of the President
About Michael A. Thomas
State of the University
Inauguration
Speeches, Writings, & Media
Podcast
Tours
May 2025
KOREA & JAPAN
Office of the President

Mark your calendars and reserve your spot to join Concordia University Irvine President Dr. Michael Thomas on an orchestra and choir companion tour through Korea & Japan in May 2025.

Korea & Japan: 2025
Concordia University Irvine Orchestra and Choir Companion Tour
11 Days: May 7-17, 2025
Touring sites in and around Seoul and Tokyo
Hosted by
Dr. Michael and Mrs. Kimberly Thomas
President, Concordia University Irvine

REGISTER NOW
WELCOME LETTER

Tour Cost

$3,750 per person + airfare* 

$730 - single room supplement^

* Passengers will book their own flights USA - Seoul, and Tokyo - USA. Airfare pricing should be available by 8/1/24.

^Solo travelers will be given the opportunity to match with others on the tour. If they choose not to, or if no other solo travelers are available, they must pay the single room supplement.

PAYMENT SCHEDULE

Payment Schedule
Payment	Due	Amount	Refundable	Total Paid
Deposit	At time of registration	$250	Nonrefundable	$250
Payment #1	8/30/2024	$500	50% of this payment before 11/1/2024	$750
Payment #2	11/1/2024	$1,000	50% of this payment before 1/1/2025	$1,750
Payment #3	1/3/2025	$1,500	50% of this payment before 3/1/2025	$3,250


Payment #4

(LAND ONLY)

	2/14/2025	$500	50% of this payment before 3/15/2025	$3,750
 	 	 	 	 
Payment #4	2/14/2025	$500	50% of this payment before 3/15/2025	$3,750
(WITH AIRFARE)	 	+ Airfare Balance	 	+ Airfare Balance
Day-by-Day Itinerary

MAY

7

‌
Los Angeles / Across the Atlantic

Wednesday, May 7, 2025

Depart from Los Angeles.

MAY

8

‌
Arrive in Seoul, South Korea

Thursday, May 8, 2025

Arrive into Incheon International Airport.
Meet your bilingual tour escorts.
Transfer to your hotel in Seoul.
Home to almost half of South Korea’s population, Seoul is Korea’s political, cultural and economic hub. Bisected by the Han River and surrounded by hills, Seoul enjoys a stunning physical setting and has been the seat of Korea’s royalty since the 14th century. Mostly destroyed during the Korean War, Seoul’s transformation into a 21st century metropolis has been astounding. With its fascinating blend of old and new, Seoul is an amazing city of contrasts.
Check into hotel.
Welcome dinner.

MAY

9

‌
Seoul

Friday, May 9, 2025

Breakfast daily.
Transfer to the Yongin/Suwon region just south of Seoul. This morning, enjoy a visit to the Korean Folk Village.
The Korean Folk Village is a living museum designed to transport you to the Joseon Dynasty. The picturesque grounds feature a slice of 19th century Korea with traditional architecture and “villagers” demonstrating traditional arts and crafts.
Lunch provided.
Transfer to Suwon and enjoy time to explore the UNESCO recognized Hwaseong (fortress walls) and the city center.
Transfer to Yongin.
Dinner on your own.
Performance in Yongin.
Return to your hotel.

MAY

10

‌
Seoul

Saturday, May 10, 2025

Breakfast daily.
Today, enjoy time to explore Seoul. Transfer to Nansam Mountain and enjoy time to explore – activities could include hiking, enjoying the aerial tram, or taking in the views from N Seoul Tower (all costs on own).
Afternoon Enjoy time for lunch on own and to explore the amazing markets of Namdaemun and Myeongdong (at the foot of Nansam Mountain).
Later this afternoon, enjoy time for independent sightseeing – activities could include strolling Insadong St. (known for its crafts and antique markets), explore the Namsangol Hanok Village with its traditional houses, visit one of Seoul’s great free museums like the National Museum of Korea or National Folk Museum of Korea, etc. (all costs on own).
Evening Transfer to the Hongdae District (known for its nightlife and as the center of K-pop culture).
Dinner and free time on own in the Hongdae District.
Return to the hotel.

MAY

11

‌
Seoul

Sunday, May 11, 2025

Breakfast daily.
This morning, transfer to the Manna Church in Seongnam and get ready for services with a performance during the church services.
Afternoon Lunch on own.
Second performance of the day.
Time permitting, time for independent sightseeing in Seoul.
Evening Dinner as a group.
Enjoy a Nanta Show then return to the hotel. Nanta is a uniquely Korean experience! The non-verbal comedic show featuring acrobatics, magic tricks, comedy, pantomime and audience participation. The unifying element throughout the musical is the use of traditional Korean samulnori music, which is performed with improvised instruments, such as cutting boards, water canisters and kitchen knives.

MAY

12

‌
Seoul

Monday, May 12, 2025

Breakfast daily.
This morning, enjoy a walking tour of the historic old town including sights such as Chunggyecheon Stream, Gyeongbokgung Palace, Insadong, etc.
Afternoon Lunch on own at the Gwangjang Market. Sightseeing activity TBD.
Later this evening, transfer to the church venue in Seoul.
Evening Dinner on own (or at the church as arranged by CUI).
Performance at church venue in Seoul.
Afterwards, return to your hotel in Seoul.

MAY

13

‌
Seoul to Tokyo

Tuesday, May 13, 2025

Breakfast daily.
Check out of the hotel(s) and transfer to Seoul-Incheon International Airport or Seoul-Gimpo International Airport.
Depart Seoul for Tokyo.
(Land Only travelers, please consult with Concordia prior to making your flight arrangements as both Seoul and Tokyo have more than one airport.)
Tokyo's kaleidoscopic lights, crush of humanity, and sheer scale can be overwhelming for first-timers. Yet linger awhile and you'll almost certainly encounter the serene side of traditional Japan. Discover graceful tea ceremonies and gardens, a world apart from skyscraper-dotted Shinjuku or trend-obsessed Harajuku. Pass through immigration, collect your luggage, and proceed with customs formalities.
You will be met by your local bi-lingual Tour Escorts who will direct you to the coaches. Transfer to your hotel in Tokyo and check-in. Time to settle into your rooms.
Evening Dinner on own near the hotel(s) and/or in one of Tokyo’s nightlife areas such as Roppongi or Shinjuku depending on flight times.
Time permitting, attend a sumo match or a baseball game (additional cost will apply - ~US $30-$65 per person).

MAY

14

‌
Tokyo

Wednesday, May 14, 2025

Breakfast daily.
This morning, enjoy a visit to the Tokyo Skytree for stunning views of the city followed by a visit to the Asakusa District (old city). Asakusa is an ancient area of Tokyo which is home to the Asakusa Kannon Temple and the Nakamise-dori (a shopping promenade packed with food stands and souvenir shops).
Afternoon Lunch on own in Asakusa.
Enjoy a visit to the Tokyo National Museum. Later this evening, transfer to the concert venue in Tokyo. Evening Dinner as a group.
Performance (venue TBD)
Afterwards, enjoy social time with local group then return to your hotel(s) in Tokyo.

MAY

15

‌
Tokyo

Thursday, May 15, 2025

Breakfast daily.
This morning, enjoy a visit to the Imperial Palace Gardens – home to the Tokugawa shoguns for 250 years and now the current home of the Japanese Emperor since the 1870s.
Afterwards, enjoy time to explore the famous Ginza District and the area around the expansive Tokyo Station.
Afternoon Lunch on own.
Enjoy time for independent sightseeing in Tokyo.
Later this evening, transfer to the concert venue.
Evening Dinner on own.
Performance in the northern Tokyo suburb city of Tsukuba, a sister city of Irvine.
Afterwards, enjoy social time with local group then return to your hotel in Tokyo.

MAY

16

‌
Tokyo

Friday, May 16, 2025

Breakfast daily.
This morning, enjoy a visit to the Meiji Shrine in the Harajuku district. Dedicated to defied spirits of the Emperor Meiji and Empress Shoken, the Meiji Shrine is located in the hip Harajuku district – center of Japan’s teen culture.
The center-piece of the Harajuku district is Takeshita Street lined with trendy shops, boutiques, restaurants, and fastfood outlets.
Afternoon Lunch on your own in the Harajuku district.
This afternoon, transfer to the Shibuya district. Enjoy time to explore. Another center of youth fashion and culture, Shibuya is one of Tokyo's most colorful and busy districts, packed with shopping, dining, and nightclubs serving swarms of visitors that come to the district every day. A prominent and famous landmark of Shibuya is the large intersection in front of the subway station's Hachiko Exit.
Evening Farewell Dinner as a group in Tokyo.
Afterwards, enjoy time to explore the nightlife in Shibuya or the nearby Shinjuku District.
Return to the hotel.

MAY

17

‌
Tokyo to Los Angeles

Saturday, May 17, 2025

Breakfast daily.
Check out of the hotel(s) and depart for a Tokyo airport.
(Land Only travelers, please consult with Concordia prior to making your flight arrangements as both Seoul and Tokyo have more than one airport.)
Immigration and customs formalities will take place at 1st port of entry into the USA. Time TBD Arrive into LAX – collect baggage and say good-bye to your World Projects Tour Manager.

 

Registration Form

Contact Us

If at any point if you have questions, please contact us directly.

Mike Bergler
University Advancement
(949) 214-3187
michael.bergler@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

