https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/wellness-center/meet-the-staff
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Wellness Center

Meet the Staff
Student Health Services 
Counseling and Psychological Services 
Graduate Students
Helping Hands
In an Emergency
Related Links 
Contact 
Meet the Staff
WELLNESS CENTER
Michelle Laabs, MSN, FNP-C

Associate Dean, Student Wellness
Nurse Practitioner

Lorie Ferrer

Administrative Assistant

Susan Peters

Receptionist

Health Services Staff
Sherrie-Lynn Schwartz, MSN, FNP-C

Nurse Practitioner

Jaymeeh Punzalan, MSN, FNP-C

Nurse Practitioner

Counseling & Psychological Services Staff
Madison Park, LCSW
Clinical Supervisor, Therapist

Madison Park is a Licensed Clinical Social Worker with a MSW from the University of Southern California. She has extensive experience with non-profit organizations, focused on providing individual and family therapy for clients in the foster/adoption constellation, as well as in a private practice setting. She enjoys working with adolescents and adults using trauma-informed, strength-based, and attachment style approaches. She is a certified Parent-Child Interaction Therapy (PCIT) therapist and trainer and additionally trained in Eye-Movement Desensitization Reprocessing therapy (EMDR), Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT), Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT), Motivational Interviewing, Seeking Safety, and Suicide Prevention. She loves to go for long runs, hikes, and anything outdoors in her free time!

Vincent Nunez, LMFT
Clinical Supervisor, Therapist

Vincent is a Christian Counselor and a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist. He has a Masters in Pastoral Ministry from the Oblate School of Theology and a Masters of Science in Counseling from the University of Phoenix. Vincent has experience in church ministry and in a mental health clinic. Vincent is a follower of Jesus Christ, a husband, father, and military veteran. He has been married for over 25 years and has three children now transitioning into teen and young adult.

Stephanie Sorenson, AMFT
Associate Therapist

Stephanie Sorensen is a Registered Associate Marriage and Family Therapist and graduate of Hope International University. Stephanie has extensive experience working with college students as a former Admissions Counselor and Academic Coach. Clinically, Stephanie specializes in child/ adolescent therapy using her skilled training in techniques like Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT) and Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT). She has a passion for working with college students struggling with stress, anxiety, depression, emotional regulation and relational issues. She loves going to Disneyland and is a huge Angels baseball fan.

Alissa Fernandez-Bell, ACSW
Associate Therapist

Alissa Fernandez-Bell is an Associate Clinical Social Worker with a MSW from Azusa Pacific University. Alissa has previously worked with non-profits focused on providing individual and family therapy to children, adolescents, and adults. She has an extensive background providing options counseling and education to women and couples experiencing an unplanned pregnancy. In her work with clients, she uses strength-based, person-centered, mindful, and trauma-informed approaches. Alissa is trained in Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT), Suicide Prevention, and Motivational Interviewing. In her free time, you can find her on a hike, playing sports, chilling at the beach, and baking!

Aubreea Roberson, APCC
Associate Professional Clinical Counselor (APCC)

Aubreea Roberson is an Associate Professional Clinical Counselor and graduate of Concordia University Irvine. She has experience working with college students, Veterans, the Department of Mental Health (DMH), and private practice. Aubreea has provided individual, group, and family therapy to children, adolescents, and adults. She provides culturally competent care, utilizing trauma-informed and person-centered approaches in her work with clients. She loves to serve at her church, travel, and attend concerts with friends during her free time.

Interns

Marriage and Family Therapy (MFT), Master in Social Work (MSW), and Professional Clinical Counselor (PCC) Interns are graduate students actively working towards a Master’s degree in Counseling and obtaining therapeutic service hours for implementation of direct service skills in order to graduate. Interns are qualified to provide services, under the direction and guidance of a qualified and approved licensed therapist. Interns are being supervised by Madison Park, LCSW and Vincent Nunez, LMFT at Concordia's Wellness Center.

Emily Aptaker

PCC Intern
Townsend Institute

Camryn Bechtold

MFT/PCC Intern
Vanguard University

Jennifer Doyle

MFT/PCC Intern
Vanguard University

Melissa Fenton

MFT Intern
Pepperdine University

Rebecca Greenshields

MFT Intern
Grand Canyon University

Lauren Lee

PCC Intern
Townsend Institute

Mary Loy

PCC Intern
Townsend Institut