course will look at the probability and combinatorics; discrete and continuous random variables; the normal, gamma, Chi-square, Poisson, and binomial distributions with applications. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 373 (concurrent enrollment allowed). Offered alternate years.


MTH 388: Probability and Statistics II
3

A continuation of MTH 387, this course will cover various multivariate probability distributions, bias and unbiased estimators, Least Square estimation, ANOVA , Block Designs, and a revisit of hypothesis testing and a study of nonparametric statistics. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 387. Offered alternate years.


MTH 473: Modern Algebra I
3

This course will study the properties and operations within groups, rings, integral domains, fields, normal subgroups, quotient groups, homomorphisms, and isomorphisms. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 313. Offered alternate years.


MTH 474: Modern Algebra II
3

This course is a continuation of the study of the properties and operations within rings, integral domains, fields, quotient rings, groups, subgroups, homomorphisms and isomorphisms. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 473 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


MTH 489: Real Analysis
3

This course will provide an introduction to the advanced study of the real number system, and the ideas and proof techniques specific to mathematical analysis. Topics include properties of the real numbers, sequences, series, limits, continuity, and differentiation. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 313 and MTH 373. Offered alternate years.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

