https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/wellness-center/counseling-and-psychological-services/appointments
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Wellness Center

Meet the Staff
Student Health Services 
Counseling and Psychological Services 
Graduate Students
Helping Hands
In an Emergency
Related Links 
Contact 
Appointments
COUNSELING AND PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES
Appointments
How do I schedule a therapy appointment?
Scan QR code or go to cui.medicatconnect.com.
Log in.
Enter username (student ID#).
Enter password (same to access Golden Eagles email account).
Click "Forms".
Click "Schedule Availability Form".
Complete form and click submit to be scheduled to meet with a therapist.
What can I expect on the day of my intake appointment?
Please have all of your paperwork completely filled out via the patient portal following the directions in your appointment email.(This can be done on your phone or laptop, and may approximately take 15-20 minutes.)
If you scheduled a telehealth appointment, use the zoom link provided in your appointment email to enter your telehealth session.
Be prepared to discuss your goals with your therapist. Goals often include changes you would like to experience. Changes can include the elimination of thoughts, feelings, or behaviors which are preventing you from reaching your goals or developing specific skills that would aid you in obtaining your goals. Clients often find it helpful to write their goals down before their first appointment.
Some things you should know:
All visits and records are confidential, with exceptions to limits of confidentiality (will be discussed at your intake appointment)
Office visit charges: There is a fee of $5 per session for undergraduate students, $10 per session for part-time undergraduate students, and $10 per session for graduate students.
Fees may be waived for students going through financial difficulties
$25 fee will be charged for canceling therapy appointments with less than 24 hours’ notice

For any questions, please call or email the Wellness Center at (949) 214-3102 and wellness@cui.edu.

Confidentiality

We take protecting your privacy very seriously. Our staff of therapists operates under the professional conduct standard of the California Board of Behavioral Sciences. Our services are confidential, meaning that we will not disclose information about your treatment to anyone who is not directly involved in your care without your written permission, or as required by law. Confidentiality includes not disclosing information about you or your treatment to your parents or guardian.

CAPS staff adhere to state laws and ethical standards that require all client information disclosed within the session to be kept confidential. To provide effective service, clinicians may consult with other CAPS staff and qualified medical providers at the Wellness Center. Any other release of information requires the client’s written consent, except where disclosure is required or allowed by law (e.g., where there is a reasonable suspicion of abuse of children, dependent adults, or elderly persons; where the client presents a serious danger of violence to another person; where the client is likely to harm themselves; or when required by valid court order). No mental health information will appear on a student’s academic records, including any reference to whether or not CAPS services were ever used unless the student specifically requests the disclosure of this information.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

