https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/wellness-center/counseling-and-psychological-services/resources
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Wellness Center

Meet the Staff
Student Health Services 
Counseling and Psychological Services 
Graduate Students
Helping Hands
In an Emergency
Related Links 
Contact 
Resources
COUNSELING AND PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES
Resources

There are many resources available at CUI as well as in our community to help provide support for students academically, emotionally, mentally, and spiritually. We have listed a few here for your convenience. You can contact the resource directly or come to the Wellness Center if you have any questions and we will be glad to assist you.

Therapy and Mental Health Resources
Online Resources to Find a Therapist
How to Utilize Your Health Insurance
National Hotlines and Mental Health Support
Psychological Tips for Managing Coronavirus Concerns
Application List
Campus partners include:
Academic Advising
Academic Coaching Center
Assessment and Care Committee
Campus Ministry/Abbey West
Campus Safety
Career Services
Disability and Learning Resource Center
Financial Aid
Residential Life
WHY JOIN TOGETHERALL?
Wellness Center Blog
Avoiding Burnout

By Madison Park

We've all been there. You feel like you are constantly battling exhaustion (physically, emotionally, mentally) or like you are drowning and can't catch your breath. This is burnout–when you persistently experience mental, physical, and emotional stress. Burnout can be localized to your job or an overall feeling towards all of life's overwhelming demands. 

Academic Anxiety and Resources

By Matthew Ryan

As a student, the stress, fear, and uncertainty of school lingers wherever you look.

Tips for Overthinking

By Vincent Nunez, LMFT

Growing up, I had four rabbits in my backyard. They were amazing rabbits that formed a network of tunnels under our backyard shed. They would pop out every once in a while, and we would spend hours trying to figure out which tunnel they would come out of. When I think of overthinking, I think of these rabbits. 

Finals Week: How to Cope - Reframing Stress

By Madison Park

Let’s talk about stress: “Stress” is viewed as negative in our society. You’ve probably often heard or even said to yourself that “stress is bad for you; you should get rid of your stress.”



Previous Story


Next Story
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

