https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/residential-education-services/cu-active/Outdoor-Recreation
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of Residential Life

Get to Know Your Staff
Housing
Residence Halls
Current Students
Outdoor Recreation
RESIDENTIAL EDUCATION & SERVICES

Previous Slide

Next Slide

Outdoor Rec

Welcome to CU Active's Outdoor Recreation program! Our program is designed to help individuals connect with nature and discover the beauty of the great outdoors. We believe that spending time in nature is essential for physical, spiritual, social and mental well-being. Our program offers a variety of outdoor activities and excursions in the greater Southern California area and beyond. Join us as we explore the natural world and discover the peace and tranquility that only nature can provide, and make some new friends along the way.

Here are some of the things we offer:
Basecamp trips over Fall/Spring Break. We plan everything from transportation to food, activities, campsites, etc. All you have to do is come and enjoy!
Hume Lake Service Trip. $25 for a six day trip in Sequoia and Kings Canyon to help a camp set up for summer.
Assist students on planning and executing their own outdoor trips.
Free gear rentals in Sigma General.
‌
Equipment Rentals

Explore SoCal without having to worry about the cost of gear! Any student is able to rent our gear throughout the year.

Reserve Now

Rental Hours
Rentals are available for pickup any time the CU Active gym is open
Monday - Friday: 6AM-10AM, 11AM-12AM
Saturday: 6AM-12AM
Sunday: 12PM-12AM

Location

‌
Upcoming CU Active Trips

Follow our instagram at @cui_cuactive to get the latest updates on our trips. Signups can be found within the linktree in our bio.

‌
Past Trips
Sedona F'22 - CU Active
Basecamp Bishop '22 - CU Active
Hume Sp'22 - CU Active
‌
Plan Your Own Trip

Are you planning an adventure trip and need some assistance? Look no further! CU Active and Outdoor Rec offers help in planning and organizing your next excursion. Our Director is available for appointments to discuss your trip and provide guidance on gear, routes, and safety. Contact us today to schedule your appointment and make your adventure a success!

MAKE AN APPOINTMENT

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

