larship, Keyboard Collaborative Arts Ensemble Award and the Keyboard Collaborative Arts Department Award at the University of Southern California.

Dr. Shin has served as a principal musician at the University of California Los Angeles, Herb Alpert School of Music. She currently works at Concordia University, Irvine where she is director of Chamber Music and Collaborative Piano, a vocal and instrumental coach/collaborative pianist, director of the Concordia Music Competition and the Summer Chamber Music Camp. She also works at the Orange County School of Arts as an instructor and St. Andrew’ Presbyterian Church, Newport Beach as a pianist.

Studio Faculty

 

Ali, Susan
Voice
susan.ali@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Voice
Biography

Dr. Ali holds degrees in Vocal Performance and Vocal Pedagogy from Columbia University; University of California, Irvine; and San Diego State University. She has enjoyed performing in opera, oratorio, concert, musical theatre, and concert venues. Los Angeles Times critics exclaimed that in the title role in Carmen, “Ali is...the type of women who could make a bishop kick in a stained glass window...a charismatic singer with a rich, dark tone and ease of projection...the role doesn’t come any more passionate and seductive than Ali’s version.” As the Witch in Hansel and Gretel, LA critics noted she gave the entire production a jolt... “...energetic, with a clear, radiant voice...a fully developed and daring performance of comic ingenuity.” Other roles include Dinah in Trouble in Tahiti; Sally in Follies; Lucy, the beggar woman, in Sweeney Todd; Maria in The Sound of Music; Nancy in Oliver!; and the Mother in Amahl and the Night Visitors. 

Featured with South Bay Opera, Orange County Opera, Pacific Symphony Orchestra, Concordia Masterworks, Orchestra Irvine, Montage Orchestra, Dana Point Orchestra, and Pasadena Pops, Susan has enjoyed a variety of performing venues. Solo performance engagements include Mahler Symphonies No. 2, No. 3, and No. 4; Verdi Requiem; Beethoven’s Symphony No. 9; and the dramatic Witch of Endor in Honegger's King David Oratorio. Ms. Ali performed as Mezzo-soprano soloist in the premiere of Under the Shadow, an oratorio for Mezzo-soprano, Tenor, and Choir, composed by Robert Denham, and conducted by Pacific Symphony Maestro, Carl St. Clair. She has sung as mezzo soloist in Falla's El Amor Brujo, numerous Summer Pops concerts, and Handel's Messiah all with the San Diego Chamber Orchestra. 

Dr. Ali has served on the Executive Board of the National Association of Teachers of Singing-Los Angeles Chapter, heading the Collegiate Auditions, the Young Artist Program, and the Student Evaluation Program. For the National Opera Association, Dr. Ali presented Pair Me a Parody, a program associating student learning of grand opera scenes by engaging first in parodies from light opera. Students joined her at the conference to perform excerpts from the program. Ms. Ali is a soloist/section leader at the Community Church, Congregational in Corona del Mar.  

Allen, Sierra
Clarinet
sierra.allen@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Clarinet
Biography

Sierra Allen is a freelance clarinetist and educator in Los Angeles. Some of her projects in the Hollywood Studio Orchestras include principal clarinet on The Call of the Wild, Encanto, and The Ice Age Adventures of Buck Wild. Sierra has performed with a variety of orchestras in and around the LA area, including the Los Angeles Philharmonic, Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra, Pacific Symphony, New West Symphony, and Muse/ique. She has also performed in Washington with the Seattle Symphony and Pacific Northwest Ballet.

Sierra received her BM in Music Education at Biola University and MM in Clarinet Performance at California State University, Fullerton. She received her DMA in Clarinet Performance at UCLA and published her dissertation on E-flat and bass clarinet doubling in orchestral and chamber music in June 2022. She is passionate about teaching both auxiliary clarinets. While at UCLA, Sierra worked as a Graduate Research Mentorship recipient during her dissertation year and was the teaching assistant for the woodwind chamber music course for two years. She believes in teaching the clarinet as a physical and mental endeavor, encouraging students to find their own positive ways to think through their performances. She enjoys teaching at Concordia University Irvine, Biola University, and privately. Sierra maintains a healthy studio of in-person and online clarinet and saxophone students from multiple states. Her mentors include Ray Guyll, Joshua Ranz, and Boris Allakhverdyan.

Bark, Elliott
Composition
elliott.bark@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Composition
Biography

Described by the New York Times as “…abrasive outbursts…monstrous climax…yearning melody in a rapturous surge,” music by Elliott Bark (b.1980) has been performed in many venues, such as Stern Auditorium of Carnegie Hall, Segerstrom Center for the Arts, Seoul Arts Center, Aspen Music Festiva