Carnegie Hall solo debut in Britten’s The World of the Spirit and appeared in Rome with the Orchestra Roma Symphonia in Verdi’s Requiem. He has appeared as a guest artist with the Oregon Symphony, Aspen Chamber Orchestra, Los Angeles Master Chorale, Pacific Symphony, Oregon Festival of American Music, Pacific Chorale, Long Beach Opera, Pasadena Symphony, California Philharmonic, Angeles Chorale, Opera Santa Barbara, New West Symphony, Santa Barbara Symphony, Bozeman Symphony and numerous concerts with the San Diego Chamber Orchestra, Third Angle New Music Ensemble, William Hall Master Chorale, Bakersfield Symphony, California Master Chorale and the Cascade Music Festival.

The tenor, a National Finalist in the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions, has his B.M. from Chapman University and M.M. from the University of Southern California. At the University of Southern California, he was a Marilyn Horne Scholar and was named Most Outstanding Graduate Student from the Thornton School of Music.

Mason, Jay
Saxophone
james.mason@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Saxophone
Biography

JAY MASON graduated from CSU, Long Beach, playing lead alto and soprano saxophone in that school’s top-rated wind ensemble, jazz ensemble and orchestra. In 1981 he was a featured soloist at the North American Saxophone Alliance national convention, and in 1983 the University Saxophone Quartet, of which he was a member, were finalists in the Coleman Chamber Ensemble Competition.

After graduation Jay has had a busy freelance performance career. Based in the Los Angeles area, he appears regularly on numerous live concerts and on many studio projects for motion pictures, television and video games. A few of the performers he’s worked with are Michael Buble’, Johnny Mathis, Michael Finestein, Peabo Bryson and Christina Aguilera, the Los Angeles Master Chorale and the Pacific Symphony. Live performances include Broadway shows such as Kinky Boots, Wicked, Spamalot, Jekyll and Hyde and The Addams Family, and he is a member of Gordon Goodwin’s Big Phat Band which has toured throughout the United States, Canada and Asia.

Motion picture and television credits include American Dad, Disney’s ‘Frozen’, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Princess and the Frog, The Tonight Show, Dragon Tales, Toy Story 3 and a number of commercials for companies such as United Airlines and Ford Motor Company. He has also performed on recordings for artists such as Barry Manilow, Michael Finestein, and John Lithgow of Third Rock from the Sun fame.

Jay rounds out his activities by teaching at the Bob Cole Conservatory at CSU Long Beach, Concordia University, and his teaching studio in Irvine, CA. as well as appearances as a guest artist and clinician for high schools and universities throughout the United States. His students have consistently won chairs in the SCSBOA All Star Jazz and Wind Ensemble Honor Groups, are attending major music university programs at schools like Eastman School of Music, Indiana University, CSULB, University of North Texas, and Berklee College of Music. Several have gone on to careers in music as professional performers, educators and producers.

Montgomery, Len
Jazz Orchestra
james.montgomery@cui.edu
Jazz Orchestra
Mueller, Tom
Organ, Composition, Jazz Piano, Harpsichord
tom.mueller@cui.edu
Music Department Chair, Professor, University Organist, Director of Keyboard, Church Music, and Jazz
Biography

Tom Mueller serves as Professor of Music, University Organist, and Music Department Chair at Concordia University in Irvine, California, where he directs academic programs in keyboard, composition, and church music. He is an active recitalist, composer, and educator.

Mueller won first place in the 2014 Schoenstein Competition in Hymn-Playing, held in conjunction with the national convention of the American Guild of Organists (AGO) in Boston, Massachusetts, and was honored by The Diapason as a member of the inaugural “20 Under 30” list of influential figures in the world of organ and church music in 2015. 

He maintains an active concert schedule, and frequently performs across the United States and Europe. In 2010, he performed the complete organ works of J. S. Bach in a series of seventeen concerts in his native state of Maine. He has received numerous commissions for new choral and liturgical works, and performances of his compositions have been broadcast on national radio and television. As an organist, his recording credits include Scott Perkin’s A New England Requiem and O Beauty Ever Ancient Ever New by the Choir of St. James’, both of which were released on the Gothic label. His organ music is published by ECS. 

Research interests include the early organ and keyboard works of J. S. Bach, the performance practice of organ continuo playing in the classical-era concerted sacred music of Germany and Austria, and the American reception of the nineteenth-century opera star Jenny Lind. He has presented workshops, masterclasses, and le