vies, and has performed with various artists including Andrea Bocelli, Josh Groban, Bebe Newirth, The Vandals and Steve Perry.

Education
Graduate Performance Diploma from the Peabody Conservatory of Music at the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland
Master of Music from the Peabody Conservatory of Music at the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland
Bachelor of Music - University of California, Irvine
Teaching
Individual Violin Lessons
Kirby, Gretchen
Harp
gretchen.kirby@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Harp
Biography

Gretchen Sheetz Kirby is a solo, chamber, and orchestral harpist in Southern California and an adjunct professor at Concordia University Irvine. While classically trained, Gretchen has enjoyed performances featuring a diverse range of repertoires, including jazz combo gigs, musical theatre shows (such as The Fantasticks and A Little Night Music) and new music premieres. Her freelance career has provided her with opportunities to accompany artists from the Metropolitan Opera and the Los Angeles Opera and play at unique venues, from The Montage hotel in Laguna Beach to the Soka Performing Arts Center. She has performed with the San Luis Obispo Opera Symphony, Irvine Symphony, and Masterworks Orchestra (Irvine, CA), as well as with orchestral and choral ensembles at multiple universities throughout Orange County.

Gretchen earned her Master’s in Music in harp performance from The Boston Conservatory at Berklee in May 2017, where she was a student of Ina Zdorovetchi; she completed her undergraduate education at Concordia University Irvine (B.A. ’14, music, Summa Cum Laude) and harp studies with Mindy Ball. While at Concordia, Gretchen received the Outstanding Senior Award and the Senior Music Performance Award. Her time in Boston included many performances at the Conservatory, services at Park Street Church, and a harp teaching position at Wellesley College. Additionally, she taught several music history courses as a graduate assistant. Her harp experiences also include masterclasses and private lessons with Susann McDonald, Jessica Zhou, Heidi LehWalder, and Yolanda Kondonassis, and performances with the Pacific Harp Ensemble and The Boston Conservatory Harp Ensemble. Gretchen currently serves as the Director of Music and Worship Arts at Aliso Creek Church, teaches music history classes at Concordia, and maintains private harp lessons and a busy freelance career. She shares her passion for music and education with her husband, Jordan Kirby, a high school choral director.

Kniss, Karla
Voice
karla.kniss@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Voice
Biography

Karla Kniss graduated from Oberlin Conservatory with a BM in vocal performance and music education. She received her masters from USC with William Vennard, studied at the Mozarteum in Salzburg, and received a scholarship to study with Pierre Bernat for two years in Paris, France. She received a License de Concert at the Ecole Nornale de Musique. She has performed recitals in Austria, France, and the U.S. under the auspices of the American Embassies. She is past president of the Los Angeles chapter of NATS and MTAC-Orange County West branch, member of Pi Kappa Lambda National Music Honors Society, and is very active adjudicating.

Long, Julie
Flute
julie.long@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Flute

Biography

An active freelance flutist in the Los Angeles area, Julie Long has played with nearly every major local ensemble at every major local venue.  Hailed “a terrific flutist” by Julius Baker and called “the real deal” by Jim Walker, Julie is creatively satisfied playing a variety of classical generas: from early music to contemporary, from solo to large ensemble.

As an orchestral flutist, Julie has performed with the Los Angeles Philharmonic, Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra, Los Angeles Music Center Opera Orchestra, Los Angeles Master Chorale Orchestra, Pacific Symphony, Long Beach Symphony and many others.  She plays piccolo in the Long Beach Municipal Band, a 114 year-old professional ensemble which provides 20+ concerts each summer in Long Beach parks.  As a studio recording artist she has played on about 50 major motion picture soundtracks, such as Fantastic Four, Superman Returns and Horton Hears a Who.

Julie is passionate about playing chamber music.  She is a member of the Resonance Flute Consort, a unique recording ensemble with two albums consisting of original arrangements of movie and television music.  She was the flutist for the Los Angeles new music group, Ensemble Green, from 1999 to its dissolution in 2011. Two chamber music pieces were written for her by composer Frederick Lesemann and recently released on the Centaur label: Concertino for Flute & Mixed Quintet (Burning Pierrot) and Notturno for Alto Flute & Guitar. With a D.M.A. minor in early music, Julie plays wooden Renaissance and Baroque flutes and has performed with Musica Angelica, Los Angeles Baroque Orchestra, Bach Collegium San Diego and Con Gioia Early Music Ensemble.

In ad