ee and a recipient of various scholarships at Peabody Institute, Dr. Oh was appointed as a student accompanist and subsequently awarded fellowship to coach and accompany a class in Musical Theatre styles, Peabody’s Opera Scenes program and voice majors including the studio of the late John Shirley-Quirk. Moreover, she was selected as one of the few qualified pianists to participate in the prestigious Leon Fleisher Seminar. 

Dr. Oh currently serves as a staff accompanist at Concordia University Irvine and Irvine Valley College. Prior to relocating to Southern California in 2015, she had taught at Texas Wesleyan University, University of Texas at Arlington and Tarrant County College. Additionally, she had served as pianist of the New Jersey Philharmonic, New York Concert Choir, and Casa Mañana Studios in Fort Worth, Texas. She has appeared as a recitalist and collaborative pianist at major venues including Carnegie Hall, Bass Performance Hall, New York Public Library, Steinway Hall New York, Zimmerli Art Museum, Mannes College and Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth, among others. She has performed with members of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra, Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra, New York Philharmonic, Pacific Symphony, Baltimore Opera, Lyric Opera Baltimore and Metropolitan Opera. She has performed in the masterclasses presented by Sergei Babayan, Vladimir Feltsman and the late Leon Fleisher. She frequently works with living composers and enjoys premiering their works. 

Throughout her musical career, she is most grateful for the opportunities to serve God with her God-given talents in churches and mission fields. She has collaborated with Korea’s leading worship bands on their international tours and served many local churches as accompanist since she was thirteen years old. When not engaged in musical activities, Dr. Oh enjoys traveling, baking, cooking, hiking and yoga.

Shin, HyeJung
Director of Chamber Music and Collaborative Piano
(949) 214-3419
hyejung.shin@cui.edu
Biography

Dr. HyeJung Shin, a native of Korea, is an active pianist, vocal/instrumental coach, and chamber musician. As a collaborative pianist, she has given numerous performances in Korea, the United States, Austria, Canada and Japan. She has worked extensively in recitals and masterclasses with renowned musicians, including Barbara Bonney, Graham Johnson, Martin Katz, Jake Heggie, John Musto, Linda Watson, Gabriele Lechner, Jennifer Ringo, Speranza Scappucci and Warren Johnson. As a passionate chamber musician, Dr. Shin performed and studied at the Aspen Music Festival as a recipient of the Lynette Gutner Memorial Fellowship under Prof. Rita Sloan.

She also appeared in many music festivals such as Song Fest, CA, Grandin Festival, OH, Brevard Music Festival, NC, Bay View Music Festival, MI and the Vancouver International Song Institute, BC, Canada. In summer of 2015-2022, she was invited as a repetitor to the American Institute of Musical Studies in Graz, Austria and she will be returning to the festival this summer in 2022. She was also invited as a performer to the International Double Reed Society Conference, Tokyo in Japan in 2015. She has been actively involved in choral ensembles. She was the pianist for the University of Southern California (USC) Thornton Chamber Singers, under the direction of JoMichael Scheibe, a former national president of the American Choral Director’s Association (ACDA).

Dr. Shin received the Master of Music degree in collaborative piano with full scholarship under the instruction of Kenneth Griffiths from the College-Conservatory of Music at the University of Cincinnati. She earned her Doctor of Musical Arts degree in Keyboard Collaborative Arts as a teaching assistant under Dr. Alan Smith at the Thornton School of Music at the University of Southern California. She was elected to Pi Kappa Lambda by Eta Chapter of the National Music Honors Society in 2017 and is a recipient of the Gwendolyn and Adolph Koldofsky Memorial Endowed Scholarship, Keyboard Collaborative Arts Ensemble Award and the Keyboard Collaborative Arts Department Award at the University of Southern California.

Dr. Shin has served as a principal musician at the University of California Los Angeles, Herb Alpert School of Music. She currently works at Concordia University, Irvine where she is director of Chamber Music and Collaborative Piano, a vocal and instrumental coach/collaborative pianist, director of the Concordia Music Competition and the Summer Chamber Music Camp. She also works at the Orange County School of Arts as an instructor and St. Andrew’ Presbyterian Church, Newport Beach as a pianist.

Studio Faculty

 

Ali, Susan
Voice
susan.ali@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Voice
Biography

Dr. Ali holds degrees in Vocal Performance and Vocal Pedagogy from Columbia University; University of California, Irvine; and San Diego State University. She has enjoyed performing in opera, oratorio, concert, musical theatre, and concert venues. Los Angeles Time