tion of Lutheran Church Musicians Conference, Portland, OR, June 2019
“J. S. Bach’s Clavier-Übung III,” St. John’s Lutheran Church, Orange, CA, February 2019
“Text-Driven Interpretation and Leadership in Congregational Hymnody,” Lectures in Church Music, River Forest, IL, October 2018
“Musical Poetics: Rhetoric and Music in the Seventeenth Century and Applications for Modern Liberal Education,” Association for Core Texts and Courses 24th Annual Conference, Framingham, MA, April 2018
“Why Art? Music, History, and Faith Through the Eyes of Heinrich Schütz,” Concordia University Irvine Enduring Questions and Ideas Forum, September 2017.
“A Leader and a Servant: Preparing Hymns for Congregational Singing,” LCMS Institute for Preaching, Liturgy, and Church Music, Chicago, July 2017
“Organ Continuo Practice in Viennese Concerted Sacred Music,” American Guild of Organists National Convention, Houston, June 2016
“Jenny Lind Sheet Music in Pre-Lindomania America,” North American Conference for Nineteenth-Century Music, Andover, MA, July 2015
“Seventeenth-Century Influences on the Earliest Organ Works of J. S. Bach,” University of Notre Dame, October 2014
“A New Evaluation of ‘Wie schön leuchtet der Morgenstern,’ BWV 739,” American Guild of Organists National Convention, Boston, June 2014
Professional Service and Memberships
Region 4 President and Board Member, Association of Lutheran Church Musicians, 2018–2023
Chair, Organ Study Grant Program, Orange County AGO, 2018–2023
Member, Committee for Continuing Professional Education (CCPE), American Guild of Organists, 2015–present
Co-chair, Programming Committee, American Guild of Organists 2019 Regional Convention
Subdean, Orange County AGO chapter, 2015–2017
Member, Association of Lutheran Church Musicians
Member, Organ Historical Society
Member, Education Committee, Los Angeles AGO chapter, 2014–2016
Current Teaching
MUS 303 Music Theory III
MUS 304 Music Theory IV
MUS 305 Arranging
MUS 403 Orchestration and Instrumentation
MUS 430 History and Analysis of Modern Music
Applied Organ
Applied Composition
Applied Harpsichord
Applied Jazz Piano
Director, Concordia Jazz Orchestra and Ensembles
Director, Concordia Americana Ensemble
Past Teaching Assignments
MUS 102 Music Fundamentals
MUS 111 Experiences in Music
MUS 331 Music History I
MUS 332 Music History II
Young, Steve
Associate Professor
Director of Commercial Music and Bands
Director of the CUI Recording Studio
(949) 214-3115
steve.young@cui.edu
Associate Professor, Director of Commercial Music and Bands, Director of the CUI Recording Studio
Biography

Steve Young is Assistant Professor of Music and the Director of the Worship Arts Leadership Institute at Concordia University Irvine. He directs the commercial music program, leads the chapel worship bands, and teaches music theory, music technology, ensemble leadership, worship arts and keyboard performance. Steve also leads workshops and is a conference speaker throughout the country in the areas of music and worship arts.

Steve comes to Concordia Irvine with more than 25 years of professional experience as a studio and touring musician, composer, arranger, producer, creative consultant and church leader. An active music producer, Steve has produced projects in New York City, Nashville and Los Angeles, working with world class studio musicians and engineers. As a pianist and keyboard player, he has recorded and performed with recording artists such as Cheri Keaggy, Fernando Ortega, John Patitucci, Tony Award winner Nobert Leo Butz, The Maranatha Praise Band, Patty Cabrera and Crystal Lewis. An active arranger, Steve has written hundreds of arrangements for studio and stage. Steve also composes music for radio, film and television as well as concert music. His string quartet, American Hymn (2014) was recently premiered at the University of Pittsburgh. As a student at Concordia, Steve's original score for the play Hippolytus (1990) won a meritorious achievement award from the Kennedy Center/American College Theater Festival.

Steve is the architect of the music technology program at CU. He has been published in numerous publications such as Worship Leader. CCM, Roland User's Group magazine and his book All About Music Technology in Worship was published by Hal Leonard Publishing in 2004.

As a church leader, Steve has served as Creative Arts Director at a Southern California megachurch, and has served as co-planter for two start-up churches — one in Southern California and one in the New York City area. He has served on the advisory board for the Arts Movement at Willow Creek Community Church, been a speaker/clinician for Integrity Music, Maranatha Music, and a consultant and creative coach for dozens of churches in the U.S.

Steve has studied composition with Dick Grove, Henry Mancini, Lalo Schifrin, Lennie Niehaus, Clare Fischer, Bill Conti, Jonathan Bailey Holland, John Fitz Rodgers, Roger Zahab and Rick Baitz. He has studied jazz piano with Dick Grove, Lou Levy, V