 to budding oboists in the area, including Concordia's annual Double Reed Day.

Bristow, Christina
Voice
christina.bristow@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Voice
Chasin, Richard
Trumpet
richard.chasin@cui.edu
Trumpet Instructor
Biography

Richard Chasin holds a Bachelor of Music Degree in Trumpet Performance from the University of Michigan, where he was a student of Armando Ghitalla, former principal trumpet with the Boston Symphony Orchestra. Further study was done at the Aspen Music School and the Tanglewood Institute.

Richard has been teaching trumpet for over 25 years and has had many of his students perform with the All Southern California Honor Band as well as the California All State Honor Band at both the high school and junior high school levels. Richard's students have also been members of the Orange County Youth Orchestra and the Pacific Symphony Institute. Professor Chasin is currently a music faculty member at five colleges and universities. He has also taught trumpet at UC Irvine and Irvine Valley College.

Choi, Hyunjoo
Piano (Classical)
hyunjoo.choi@cui.edu
Biography

Dr. Hyunjoo Choi received her M.M and D.M.A degree in piano performance from Michigan State University under Yong hi Moon. While completing her D.M.A. degree in Michigan State University, Dr. Choi has been recipient of scholarship with working as staff accompanist in the same school. Since she moved to California, she has served as a staff accompanist at Hope International University and Saddleback College. She was also teaching piano lesson in Flint School of Performing Arts and pianoforte. She has performed and studied in worldwide music festival such as the Millennium Keyboard Festival in Spain, The Banff Keyboard Festival and The Orford Music Festival in Canada, and The Chautauqua institute Summer Festival in New York. As a soloist and chamber musician, Dr. Choi performed Rachmaninoff 2nd concerto as keyboardist in Contemporary Music night with Flint Orchestra, The Real New Music 2009, and many solo recitals in Auditorium of Michigan State University.

Choi, Mina
Keyboard Improvisation (Jazz Piano)
mina.choi@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Keyboard Improvisation (Jazz Piano)
Biography

Mina Choi is a pianist, composer, and arranger from Seoul, South Korea. Mina has received a Master Degree of Music from California State University, Fullerton, where she studied piano and arranging with Grammy award winning jazz composer and pianist, Bill Cunliffe. Since her journey here she has also had the opportunities to write and arrange many pieces for jazz combos and jazz orchestras. Her big band arrangements of tunes by the legendary pianist George Cables were featured recently at a performance by the Harvard Jazz Band at Harvard University. Her arrangement of “Bolivia” was chosen by the ASMAC judging committee in the 2015 ASMAC Pete Rugolo Big Band Arranging & Composing Competition. Also, her original of “Paddle through the Lake” was awarded in the 2017 Bill Conti Big Band Arranging and Composing Competition.

She won the 38th Downbeat Outstanding Performance Award with her own original composition, “Sing ChaCha” and arrangement, “Falling away with you” of Muse. In 2016, she was selected Outstanding College Performer of the year, at the Reno Jazz Festival. Internationally, the Mina Choi Trio was a finalist at the 10th Bucharest International Jazz Competition. Her message to the world, that she wishes to share through music, is one of hope and love.

Co, Nicolo
Americana Ensemble Director
nicolomiguel.co@cui.edu
Americana Ensemble Director

Biography

Nico is an active guitarist, private teacher, music director, and worship leader in the SoCal area. Influenced by guitarists like Julian Lage, Allen Hinds, and Blake Mills, his eclectic style combines jazz, fusion, Americana, folk, and blues. Between crafting solo guitar arrangements and fronting his own jazz trio, he maintains a busy performing schedule. 

Nico’s warm, insightful, and precise teaching style is informed by nearly a decade of teaching experience in academic, ministry, and private settings. He studied under Adam Levy (Tracy Chapman, Norah Jones) at the Los Angeles College of Music, receiving an AA in Guitar Performance. Nico then graduated summa cum laude from Concordia University Irvine with the Outstanding Senior Award in Commercial Music. 

When he’s not directing the Americana Ensemble, Nico is also active in ministry, serving as Staff Deacon and Music Director at Center Church in Irvine, CA. He is passionate about integrated discipleship and creative health, leads various workshops and cohorts for local artists, and even preaches the occasional sermon. 

You can also find him working with students in the Writing Center!

Converse, Mark
Drum Set
mark.converse@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Drum Set
Biography

Professor Mark Converse received his Bachelor of Music degree from California State University, Northridge where he studied with Karen Ervic-Pershing, Joel Leach and Jerry Steinholz.