ub as well as many other exciting venues across the country. She can be seen performing regularly throughout the greater Los Angeles area.

Jaime was the featured vocalist in the Stars Wars for Kinect video game on the song “Naturally.” She was a member of the a cappella pop/jazz caroling group Snowfall which was created by Grammy-winning arranger and producer for the Pentatonix, Ben Bram. As a background vocalist, Jaime recorded with the indie/alternative rock band Lord Huron on their most recent album Long Lost. She performed their single “Mine Forever” on the Late Late Show with James Corden. Jaime was a member of the choir for the Rolling Stones tour at Petco Park in San Diego. She also sang with the Josh Tatum Band who were the opening act for Bon Jovi.

Jaime holds a Masters in jazz studies from California State University Long Beach as well as her Bachelors from the University of North Texas. While attending Cal State, Jaime studied under the renowned Christine Guter and was a member of the award winning vocal jazz ensemble, Pacific Standard Time. She has received numerous accolades, including the outstanding vocalist award at the Next Generation Monterey Jazz Festival and was the recipient of the Ella Fitzgerald scholarship. Jaime also received the 2017 Graduate Jazz Soloist award from DownBeat magazine.

Whitten, Emma
Organ
emma.whitten@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Organ
Wilsen, Erika
Horn
erika.wilsen@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Horn
Biography

Erika Wilsen is an active freelance horn performer and an experienced educator. She maintains a large studio, including students hailing from across the country and overseas. Students range from young beginners to university students and beyond. A passionate teacher, Erika earned her Doctor of Musical Arts degree at UCLA in 2021. She was the recipient of several scholarships, including the Mimi Alpert Feldman and the Gluck scholarships, as well as a Summer Graduate Research Mentorship and a Graduate Research Mentorship fellowship. She worked as a teaching assistant for six quarters, including several Musicology courses such as Writing About Music and Creating Musical Community, as well as the 125ABC sequence of music history. She also served as a teaching assistant in the Comparative Literature department.

Most recently, she has performed with Pacific Symphony, UCLA’s Gluck Brass Quintet, Left Coast Quintet, and Pacific Sound Brass Quintet. She has performed extensively in Los Angeles, San Diego, and the San Francisco Bay Area. Erika was a founding member of the woodwind quintet Avenue Winds and performed with the ensemble for 11 years. In addition to playing principal horn for Peninsula Ballet Theatre and St. Peter’s Chamber Orchestra, she has performed with the symphony orchestras of Berkeley, Fremont, Santa Cruz and Vallejo as well as Opera San Jose, San Francisco Lyric Opera, and the San Francisco Choral Society. She has performed with Josh Groban and Barry Manilow. Erika graduated with a double major in English and Music (Honors) at Davidson College and holds her Master of Music in Horn Performance from the University of Michigan. Her mentors include Amy Sanchez, Soren Hermansson, Bryan Kennedy, Frank Portone, Robert Pruzin, and Louis Stout. When Erika is not playing or teaching, she enjoys spending time outside and with her family.

Adjunct Faculty
Lyon, Siri
Fundamentals of Music
 
siri.lyon@cui.edu
Fundamentals of Music
Biography

Siri Lyon received her Master of Music in Oboe Performance at the University of Southern California, and her Bachelor of Music in Oboe Performance at New England Conservatory of Music. Her former teachers include David Weiss, Mark McEwen and Basil Reeve.

Known for her dynamic musical interpretations and expression, Siri has performed throughout the United States and internationally as an orchestral, chamber and solo artist. Based in Southern California, Mrs. Lyon has served as Principal Oboist for the Los Angeles Doctors Symphony Orchestra, and has also appeared with the Young Musicians Foundation Debut Orchestra, the Dana Point Symphony and the 2012 Piatigorsky International Cello Festival Orchestra where she collaborated with members of the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra. She has played under the baton of many celebrated conductors including Hugh Wolff, Helmuth Rilling, Carl St. Clair and Mei-Ann Chen, and has performed in St. Peter's Basilica, Walt Disney Concert Hall, Renee & Henry Segerstrom Concert Hall, Boston's Jordan Hall and Orchestra Hall in Minneapolis.

Mrs. Lyon has given solo recitals in Los Angeles, Boston and the Twin Cities. As a native Minnesotan, she returns regularly to give special concerts and has organized performances of Bach cantatas, traditional hymns and other vocal pieces with local musicians in addition to solo engagements. Committed to the education of young musicians, she has also offered master classes and private lessons to budding oboists in the area, including Concordia's annual Double Reed Da