 rings with St. John's Cathedral Bells.

 

Gonzalez, Mario
Audio-Visual Engineer
(949) 214-3654
mario.gonzalez@cui.edu
Audio-Visual Engineer
Biography

Mario Gonzales is the Audio-Visual Engineer at Concordia University, Irvine. Mario is an accomplished trumpet artist, musical director, producer and audio engineer. He serves as the campus-wide leader in developing strategy for procurement and maintenance of AV equipment and budget, oversees AV operations for weekly chapel and worship services and is the primary recording and mixing engineer for the Concordia recording studio. Mario also assists music ensemble directors with creating high quality live concert and provides projection design expertise and management of projection operation.

Mario brings to Concordia Irvine more than 20 years of professional excellence in the audio-visual engineering field by way of his experience as an accomplished musician, composer, arranger, musical director, producer and engineer. Mario has played on many recordings as well as television and movie soundtracks. His vast musical performances include such artists as Christina Aguilera, Luther Vandross, Arturo Sandoval, Sheila E., Ricky Martin, Patty Austin, Roselyn Sanchez, Diana Ross, Sheryl Crow and Justin Timberlake. Mario has also performed on Jimmy Kimmel Live and CBS’ Wayne Brady Show.

Mario also served as faculty for San Diego State University’s Music Recording Technology and Audio Design program. Mario’s production and mixing credits include projects, “Live from Stern Grove,” album - Pete Escovedo; “Looking for Lenny,” documentary film; “Now and Forever,” album- Sheila E and the E Family.

Mario serves his local church in North County in the realm of sound design and mentors those interested in serving in this capacity. He is excited to share his gifts to serve the Body of Christ and is passionate about developing the talents and gifts of others for the Great Commission.

Mario received his Bachelor’s Degree in Jazz Studies and Master’s Degree in Western Orchestral Studies from California Institute of the Arts in Valencia, California.

Education
M.F.A. Classical Music Performance — California Institute of the Arts
B.F.A. Jazz/Jazz Studies — California Institute of the Arts
Avid Certified Instructor for ProTools Courses 101, 110, 201, 210 and 130
Johnson, Benjamin
Orchestra Operations Coordinator
(949) 214-3412
benjamin.johnson3@cui.edu
Orchestra Operations Coordinator
Biography

Benjamin Johnson is a composer, arranger, and instrumentalist based in Southern California. He recently graduated from Concordia University Irvine with a degree in Music Composition. During his time at Concordia he had the privilege to study with numerous professors over a wide variety of instruments and disciplines. He performed on F horn, guitar, trumpet, and voice in many of Concordia's ensembles. Ben is delighted to now serve those ensembles and Concordia as the Orchestra Operations Coordinator.

From a young age, music has been one of Ben’s greatest joys which drove him to play in a variety of ensembles, gaining experience on many different instruments. This fueled his fascination with writing which brought him to Concordia to study composition. Ben plans to pursue a career in film scoring and performance with eventual plans for graduate studies.

Siegert, MJ
A/V Operations Coordinator
 
mark.siegert1@cui.edu
A/V Operations Coordinator

Staff Accompanist
Oh, Julia
Faculty Accompanist
(949) 214-3415
julia.oh@cui.edu
Biography

Korean-born American pianist Julia Oh began her piano training at the age of six. She earned the Doctor of Musical Arts degree from Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey, where she was also on the faculty in the Extension Division. She holds a Bachelor of Music in Piano Performance, a Master of Music in Piano Performance/Pedagogy, and a Graduate Performance Diploma in Piano Performance from the Peabody Institute of the Johns Hopkins University. Recognized as a Dean’s List honoree and a recipient of various scholarships at Peabody Institute, Dr. Oh was appointed as a student accompanist and subsequently awarded fellowship to coach and accompany a class in Musical Theatre styles, Peabody’s Opera Scenes program and voice majors including the studio of the late John Shirley-Quirk. Moreover, she was selected as one of the few qualified pianists to participate in the prestigious Leon Fleisher Seminar. 

Dr. Oh currently serves as a staff accompanist at Concordia University Irvine and Irvine Valley College. Prior to relocating to Southern California in 2015, she had taught at Texas Wesleyan University, University of Texas at Arlington and Tarrant County College. Additionally, she had served as pianist of the New Jersey Philharmonic, New York Concert Choir, and Casa Mañana Studios in Fort Worth, Texas. She has appeared as a recitalist and collaborative pianist at major venues including Carnegie Hall, Bass Performance Hall, New York Public Library, Steinway Hall New 