s also appeared with the Young Musicians Foundation Debut Orchestra, the Dana Point Symphony and the 2012 Piatigorsky International Cello Festival Orchestra where she collaborated with members of the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra. She has played under the baton of many celebrated conductors including Hugh Wolff, Helmuth Rilling, Carl St. Clair and Mei-Ann Chen, and has performed in St. Peter's Basilica, Walt Disney Concert Hall, Renee & Henry Segerstrom Concert Hall, Boston's Jordan Hall and Orchestra Hall in Minneapolis.

Mrs. Lyon has given solo recitals in Los Angeles, Boston and the Twin Cities. As a native Minnesotan, she returns regularly to give special concerts and has organized performances of Bach cantatas, traditional hymns and other vocal pieces with local musicians in addition to solo engagements. Committed to the education of young musicians, she has also offered master classes and private lessons to budding oboists in the area, including Concordia's annual Double Reed Day.

Bristow, Christina
Diction for Singers
 
christina.bristow@cui.edu
Diction for Singers
Chasin, Richard
Brass Techniques
 
richard.chasin@cui.edu
Brass Techniques
Biography

Richard Chasin holds a Bachelor of Music Degree in Trumpet Performance from the University of Michigan, where he was a student of Armando Ghitalla, former principal trumpet with the Boston Symphony Orchestra. Further study was done at the Aspen Music School and the Tanglewood Institute.

Richard has been teaching trumpet for over 25 years and has had many of his students perform with the All Southern California Honor Band as well as the California All State Honor Band at both the high school and junior high school levels. Richard's students have also been members of the Orange County Youth Orchestra and the Pacific Symphony Institute. Professor Chasin is currently a music faculty member at five colleges and universities. He has also taught trumpet at UC Irvine and Irvine Valley College.

Decker, Dana
Aural Skills
 
dana.decker@cui.edu
Aural Skills
Biography

Dana Decker, originally from Minneapolis, Minnesota, began his career as a touring bassist playing a wide variety of venues from intimate clubs to stadiums. He holds a Bachelor of Music from Berklee College of Music as well as an Master of Music from CSU Los Angeles. Dana is an in demand session and live bass player, as well as a highly regarded audio instructor who has performed with The Pussycat Dolls, The Dan Band, Katherine McPhee, and Danny Seraphine. He has been seen as a performer on television programs: Matchmaker Millionaire, Fraiser, and Ally McBeal. Dana has also taught audio courses at major colleges and universities throughout the Southland.

Do, Banglang
Music Theory III
 
banglang.do@cui.edu
Music Theory III
Kim, Gwang
Trombone
 
gwang.kim@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Trombone
Biography

Dr. Gwang Kim is the second trombone of the Bakersfield Symphony Orchestra, faculty at Concordia University Irvine, Loyola Marymount University, Ventura College Schwab School of Music, Pasadena Conservatory of Music and YOLA Inglewood, Los Angeles Philharmonic. He has performed with notable ensembles around the world including the Los Angeles Philharmonic, Hollywood Bowl Orchestra, New West Symphony, Seocho Philharmonic, and the Daesan Philharmonic. He has also performed at Coachella with artists from 88 Rising and has recorded for numerous television shows including ABC’s The Fosters and Netflix original The Chef’s Table. As an educator, Gwang has been invited as a guest clinician for the Rockport Brass Festival, Pasadena City College, California State University Northridge, WMU Symphony and KAYS Orchestra. As a passionate educator, he has previously served on faculty at the Harmony Project, and UCLA.

As a devout Christian, his dissertation entitled “Coram Deo: The Trombone and the Sublime in the works of Beethoven,” explores the profound role of the trombone as a musical embodiment of the presence of God, or Coram Deo, and discusses its contribution to the aesthetics of the sublime in compositions by Ludwig van Beethoven. By drawing on an interdisciplinary approach combining musicology, theology, and aesthetics, it assesses recurring motives, orchestration choices, and other musical techniques that emphasize the trombone’s association with the divine. By examining the special role of the trombone as an instrument with a distinctive range of expressive and spiritual associations, the publication strives to provide more understanding of the relationship between the trombone, spirituality, and the sublime.

He holds his Bachelor of Music degree from the USC Thornton School of Music, a Master of Music and Doctor in Musical Arts degree from the UCLA Herb Alpert School of Music.

Bristow, Christina
Intro to Music Teaching,
Music in Secondary Schools
 
brendan.mcbrien@cui.edu
Intro to Music Teaching, Music in Secondary Schools
Shin, HyeJung
Intro to Accompanying
(949) 214-3415
hyejung.shin@cui.edu
Intro t