ter/American College Theater Festival.

Steve is the architect of the music technology program at CU. He has been published in numerous publications such as Worship Leader. CCM, Roland User's Group magazine and his book All About Music Technology in Worship was published by Hal Leonard Publishing in 2004.

As a church leader, Steve has served as Creative Arts Director at a Southern California megachurch, and has served as co-planter for two start-up churches — one in Southern California and one in the New York City area. He has served on the advisory board for the Arts Movement at Willow Creek Community Church, been a speaker/clinician for Integrity Music, Maranatha Music, and a consultant and creative coach for dozens of churches in the U.S.

Steve has studied composition with Dick Grove, Henry Mancini, Lalo Schifrin, Lennie Niehaus, Clare Fischer, Bill Conti, Jonathan Bailey Holland, John Fitz Rodgers, Roger Zahab and Rick Baitz. He has studied jazz piano with Dick Grove, Lou Levy, Victor Feldman, Russell Ferrante, Joyce Collins and Terry Trotter.

Education
M.F.A. Music Composition — Vermont College of Fine Arts
B.A. — Concordia University Irvine
Graduate of Composing and Arranging Program — Grove Music (Los Angeles, CA)
Graduate of Keyboard Instruction Program — Grove School of Music (Los Angeles, CA)

Staff
Alkire, Monica
Choral Operations Manager
(949) 214-3417
monica.alkire@cui.edu
Choral Operations Manager
Lyon, Siri
Office Manager
 
siri.lyon@cui.edu
Office Manager
Biography

Siri Lyon received her Master of Music in Oboe Performance at the University of Southern California, and her Bachelor of Music in Oboe Performance at New England Conservatory of Music. Her former teachers include David Weiss, Mark McEwen and Basil Reeve.

Known for her dynamic musical interpretations and expression, Siri has performed throughout the United States and internationally as an orchestral, chamber and solo artist. Based in Southern California, Mrs. Lyon has served as Principal Oboist for the Los Angeles Doctors Symphony Orchestra, and has also appeared with the Young Musicians Foundation Debut Orchestra, the Dana Point Symphony and the 2012 Piatigorsky International Cello Festival Orchestra where she collaborated with members of the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra. She has played under the baton of many celebrated conductors including Hugh Wolff, Helmuth Rilling, Carl St. Clair and Mei-Ann Chen, and has performed in St. Peter's Basilica, Walt Disney Concert Hall, Renee & Henry Segerstrom Concert Hall, Boston's Jordan Hall and Orchestra Hall in Minneapolis.

Mrs. Lyon has given solo recitals in Los Angeles, Boston and the Twin Cities. As a native Minnesotan, she returns regularly to give special concerts and has organized performances of Bach cantatas, traditional hymns and other vocal pieces with local musicians in addition to solo engagements. Committed to the education of young musicians, she has also offered master classes and private lessons to budding oboists in the area, including Concordia's annual Double Reed Day.

Der, Erik
Community Engagement Manager
Arts
(949) 214-3652
erik.der@cui.edu
Community Engagement Manager, Arts

Erik is the community engagement manager for the arts at Concordia University, Irvine. He assists prospective students with their scholarship auditions and any music-related questions. If you are a student interested in attending CUI, reach out to Erik or complete a scholarship interest form and schedule an in-person or virtual audition. He is also the box-office manager and can be contacted directly with any box-office related inquiries. 

In addition to his duties as community engagement manager, Erik is the handbell program manager and director of Spirit Bells at CUI. He additionally directs the handbell ensemble at Covenant Presbyterian Church in Orange and is a regular clinician for HMA (Handbell Musicians of America) events in Southern California. Having over 18 years of ringing experience, he currently rings with St. John's Cathedral Bells.

 

Gonzalez, Mario
Audio-Visual Engineer
(949) 214-3654
mario.gonzalez@cui.edu
Audio-Visual Engineer
Biography

Mario Gonzales is the Audio-Visual Engineer at Concordia University, Irvine. Mario is an accomplished trumpet artist, musical director, producer and audio engineer. He serves as the campus-wide leader in developing strategy for procurement and maintenance of AV equipment and budget, oversees AV operations for weekly chapel and worship services and is the primary recording and mixing engineer for the Concordia recording studio. Mario also assists music ensemble directors with creating high quality live concert and provides projection design expertise and management of projection operation.

Mario brings to Concordia Irvine more than 20 years of professional excellence in the audio-visual engineering field by way of his experience as an accomplished musician, composer, arranger, musical director, producer and engineer. Mario has played o