 professional ensemble which provides 20+ concerts each summer in Long Beach parks.  As a studio recording artist she has played on about 50 major motion picture soundtracks, such as Fantastic Four, Superman Returns and Horton Hears a Who.

Julie is passionate about playing chamber music.  She is a member of the Resonance Flute Consort, a unique recording ensemble with two albums consisting of original arrangements of movie and television music.  She was the flutist for the Los Angeles new music group, Ensemble Green, from 1999 to its dissolution in 2011. Two chamber music pieces were written for her by composer Frederick Lesemann and recently released on the Centaur label: Concertino for Flute & Mixed Quintet (Burning Pierrot) and Notturno for Alto Flute & Guitar. With a D.M.A. minor in early music, Julie plays wooden Renaissance and Baroque flutes and has performed with Musica Angelica, Los Angeles Baroque Orchestra, Bach Collegium San Diego and Con Gioia Early Music Ensemble.

In addition to teaching at Concordia, Julie is flute professor at Long Beach City College and Santa Ana College. Julie received a B.M. from the Cleveland Institute of Music and has M.M. and D.M.A. degrees from the University of Southern California.

Education
B.M. Flute Performance - Cleveland Institute of Music
M.M. Flute Performance - University of Southern California
D.M.A. Flute Performance - University of Southern California
Teaching
Individual Flute Lessons
Director, Flute Choir
Low-Atwater, Elizabeth
Bassoon
elizabeth.low-atwater@cui.edu
Bassoon Instructor
Biography

Renowned for her musicality and warm sound, bassoonist Elizabeth Low-Atwater, is quickly establishing herself in the southern California music scene. As a fellowship recipient, she attended UCLA for her Master's degree studying with John Steinmetz and received her Bachelor's degree from California State University at Fullerton with Dr. Rebecca Rivera. In the summer of 2010, she was invited to participate in the Hot Springs Music Festival and studied under Gwendolyn Rose.

Elizabeth maintains an active performing career playing with groups like the Dana Point Symphony, Center Stage Opera Company, as well as many other regional projects. As an avid chamber musician, she is a member of many different groups including the Neapolitan Trio, West Coast Wind Quintet, and Ensemble Christo. While in graduate work, she became a two-time finalist of the Coleman Chamber Competition, as well as participate in the UCLA Gluck chamber outreach scholarship program.

Elizabeth is an adjunct faculty member at three colleges and she provides musical coaching at two high schools. She also holds a private studio where her students have gone on to play in honor orchestras, chamber events, and received music scholarships in higher education.

MacNeil, Robert
Voice
robert.macneil@cui.edu
Biography

Tenor Robert MacNeil has been praised by the Los Angeles Times for possessing a voice that is “clarion” and “clear”. After making his San Francisco Opera debut as the High Priest of Neptune in Mozart’s Idomeneo, he returned to perform in productions of Salome, Le Nozze di Figaro and in Werther, for which Opera News said Robert MacNeil “sang with panache.” Mr. MacNeil most recently performed with LA Opera in Lohengrin, after previous appearances including The Stigmatized, Fidelio, Il Trovatore, Der Rosenkavalier, Festival Play of Daniel, Tannhäuser, La Bohème and Il Tabarro. The tenor made his debut with the famed Ojai Festival under Kent Nagano in Orff’s Die Kluge and recorded the role of Martin in Copland’s opera The Tender Land, which was released on the Koch International Label.

An accomplished concert artist, the tenor has been soloist in more than sixty performances of Handel’s Messiah. He has soloed with the Mormon Tabernacle Choir in performances of Elijah, the Sydney(Australia) Choral Festival in the Berlioz Requiem and in Orff’s Carmina Burana with the Central Union Philharmonic in Beijing. He made his Carnegie Hall solo debut in Britten’s The World of the Spirit and appeared in Rome with the Orchestra Roma Symphonia in Verdi’s Requiem. He has appeared as a guest artist with the Oregon Symphony, Aspen Chamber Orchestra, Los Angeles Master Chorale, Pacific Symphony, Oregon Festival of American Music, Pacific Chorale, Long Beach Opera, Pasadena Symphony, California Philharmonic, Angeles Chorale, Opera Santa Barbara, New West Symphony, Santa Barbara Symphony, Bozeman Symphony and numerous concerts with the San Diego Chamber Orchestra, Third Angle New Music Ensemble, William Hall Master Chorale, Bakersfield Symphony, California Master Chorale and the Cascade Music Festival.

The tenor, a National Finalist in the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions, has his B.M. from Chapman University and M.M. from the University of Southern California. At the University of Southern California, he was a Marilyn Horne Scholar and was named Most Outstanding Graduate Student from the Thornton Scho