https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/applied-music-program
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Applied Music Program
Music Department
‌
Previous Slide
‌
Next Slide

Detailed information about tuition surcharges is available in the Music Handbook. Please read the policy at the link carefully. An automatic surcharge is charged upon enrollment, covering the cost for the lessons that directly support an ensemble role. Additional surcharges are charged after Census date for lessons that do not directly support an ensemble role.

Private lessons are an integral part of music study at Concordia Irvine and a sign of our commitment to excellence.  Almost every student enrolled in our ensembles will take lessons for at least two years during their time at Concordia.  Many choose to study for four years.  Students are tutored weekly by some of the finest teachers in Southern California, who have credits in major motion picture sessions, Broadway tour shows, members of the Pacific Symphony, Los Angeles Master Chorale, and Long Beach Symphony.

Included in private lessons are excellent performance opportunities in noon recitals, juries, and junior/senior recitals.  These allow a progression of repertoire and flexibility to serve student goals for solo experience.  For any student, music major or not, the experience of preparing a solo and then performing it in front of a live audience and/or a faculty adjudication panel is a rich journey of self-discovery, problem solving over time, collaboration, and performance execution.

All students are provided collaborative pianists to help them develop and perform solo repertoire.  Over a sequence of several weeks, the student will prepare and polish the solo together with the pianist.

VIEW OUR STUDIO FACULTY

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

