https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/-entrepreneurial-ministry-leadership
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Ministry Leadership Major
Curriculum
Get Started
Theological Studies: Ministry Leadership
CENTER FOR CHURCH LEADERSHIP
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Earn Your Bachelor's Degree in Ministry Leadership

The four-year BA degree is designed for Christian students who want to work in the church in the areas of children, youth, or young adult ministries. Students in this major will take classes in theology, ministry, and nonprofit leadership. In addition, students will take nine units of fieldwork classes where they will work in a local church, and receive intentional supervision by pastors in their field of interest.  

The four-year BA degree also allows students to take on a minor of their choosing. For example, students interested in participating in the Around-the-World semester should consider the four-year degree, since it will allow them the flexibility to engage in this Concordia Univeristy Irvine unique program, and graduate within a four-year time period. Students may also consider doing a minor in areas like communication, business, psychology, worship arts leadership, or missions in order to enhance their development as a future ministry leader.

What Students Are Saying
A multi-faceted major is essential for ministry and all of its complexities.

Victoria ‘23

Why study ministry at CUI?

There are three main reasons why you should seriously consider studying for ministry at CUI.

Gospel-Centric Scholars

All of our theologians display a passion for the gospel. Whether their field is in exegesis, systematics, history, or practical theology each one of them is a seasoned minister who desires to see the world transformed by the gospel.

Communal Atmosphere

When you come to study in the Center for Church Leadership (CCL), you come to be a part of a community of fellow students who also desire to be shaped and formed as workers for God’s kingdom. Our ongoing mantra is Proverbs 27:17 – “iron sharpens iron”. As part of the CCL community, you will be challenged, and you will challenge one another in a safe and caring environment designed for academic reflection and friendly engagement. Outside of the classroom, you will have the opportunity to participate in CCL social and spiritual events, which include dinners at the director’s home, cohort lunches on campus, retreats, and mission opportunities.

Large Diversity of Fieldwork Opportunities

Southern California is home to a wide variety of churches. We have nationally known megachurches right in our backyard, alongside churches of varying sizes and ethnicities. There is indeed a right size that will fit all when it comes to the specific type of church, and ministry area that you would like to engage with for your fieldwork experiences.

Curriculum

Below you can view a few sample courses within the BA degree, or choose to view the complete curriculum.

SAMPLE MINISTRY LEADERSHIP COURSES
MACL 103: Introduction to Ministry Leadership
1

This course explores the biblical teaching on ministry and how the Lord calls specific persons to take up the mantle of ministry leadership in His church today. The professional, personal, and spiritual growth and formation of the future ministry leader is investigated, discussed, and fostered.


MACL 390: Practicum: Ministry Leadership
3

In this course students will spend time on-site with a supervising minister to acquire experience and skills related to ministry, including evaluation of the practicum experience. This course is repeatable and is offered as Pass/No Pass. Prerequisite: MACL 103 and full acceptance into BS or BA in Theological Studies: Ministry Leadership.


THL 429: Biblical Theology and Exegesis
3

Through an intensive study of the major themes of the Old and New Testaments, this course will introduce and apply the tools and principles of exegesis and hermeneutics with special emphasis on deriving Law and Gospel principles for use in congregational ministry. Prerequisites: THL 201 and THL 202 or concurrent enrollment allowed.


CED 370: Children’s and Family Ministry
3

This course will examine and evaluate methods and materials appropriate for faith development and reflective of the physical, mental, social, emotional, and spiritual needs of children aged birth through grade six. Evaluation of curriculum, facilities, policies, and procedures towards a comprehensive ministry to and with children and their families will be addressed, emphasizing the involvement of children along with their families into the total life of the church. A fieldwork component is required.


CED 380: Youth Ministry and Culture
3

This course examines youth ministry in the context of cultural influences on adolescents in society today through the lens of Lutheran theology. The course will include discussions on traditional adolescent issues and responses that seek to address these issues. A fieldwork component is required.


VIEW COMPLETE CURRICULUM

Contact Us

For questions about the Theological Studies: Ministry Leadership Major, contact:

Dr. Jonathan Ruehs
Director of Center for Church Leadership
jonathan.ruehs@cui.edu
(949) 214-3114

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

