https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/events
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Events
Music Department
MUSIC events
Handbells Home Concert
Handbells Home Concert

 Apr 26

Spring Honors Recital
Spring Honors Recital

 Apr 29

Concordia Handbell Tour: Atlantic Coast
Concordia Handbell Tour: Atlantic Coast

 May 6

The Songwriter Initiative Song-Share
The Songwriter Initiative Song-Share

 May 30

PURCHASE TICKETS

Contact the Concordia University Irvine Box Office with questions or to book your tickets today!

Concordia University Irvine Box Office
(949) 214-3418
boxoffice@cui.edu
Borland-Manske Center 059

Please be advised, Box office hours vary with rotating student staff schedules.

PURCHASE TICKETS

Our Venues
Tour Borland-Manske Center - Music Wing
Borland-Manske Center Charlie and Ling Zhang Orchestra Hall

Concordia University Irvine is home to one of the premium music learning centers in Southern California. The Borland-Manske Center includes over 50 rooms designed specifically for music-making and teaching, including the Charlie and Ling Zhang Orchestra Hall. When in concert configuration the room seats 50 guests.

Tour CU Center
Concordia University Irvine Center for Worship and Performing Arts

The CU Center is the performance home for Concordia's music ensembles. Its 500-seat semi-circular auditorium, sweeping vista, and spacious acoustics provide an exciting atmosphere for music concerts and worship. The center boasts a magnificent Casavant organ—one of the finest instruments in Orange County—as well as a grand piano by Steinway.

Tour Good Shepherd Chapel
Good Shepherd Chapel

The Good Shepherd Chapel, illuminated by a kaleidoscope of colors from the window of stained glass, is an intimate hilltop venue featuring city views, warm acoustics, and seating for up to 125. The chapel is used regularly for worship, solo recitals, and chamber music and houses a two-manual Schlicker pipe organ. Students often catch Disneyland’s fireworks display from this vantage point.

Parking

Parking is free of charge. Visitors may obtain a Visitor Day Pass at the gatehouses upon entry.*

*Cart assistance for those guests requiring transportation from the parking lot to the venue is available at our larger events, however it can be requested at any time when you arrive on campus. Ask the guard at the gatehouse for assistance when you receive your Visitor Day Pass.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

