ember of Christians in Theatre Arts (CITA), an international arts networking organization; he served four terms on CITA’s board of directors. His doctoral dissertation is “Faith in Theatre: Professional Theatres Run by Christians in the United States and Canada and Their Strategies for Faith-Art Integration.” He has published articles and given presentations on Christianity and the arts, and he wrote the chapter on the arts for the book The Idea and Practice of a Christian University: A Lutheran Approach (Concordia Publishing House, 2015). Dr. Senkbeil and his family are active members of St. John’s Lutheran Church in Orange, California.

Education
B.A. – Communication and Theatre – Concordia University, Chicago
M.A. – Theatre – Northwestern University
Ph.D. – Theatre and Drama – Northwestern University
Curriculum Vitae
Siekmann, Lori
(949) 214-3426
lori.siekmann@cui.edu
Department Chair, Assistant Professor of Theatre
Education
Spalding University, Louisville, MFA in Playwriting,
The University of Illinois at Chicago, MA in Theatre,
Concordia University Chicago, BA in Education, focus: German and Communication/Theatre
Professional Experience
Assistant to the Director of Development, Steppenwolf Theatre Company, Chicago, IL, 1989-1990
English and German teacher & director in co-curricular Theatre program, Sheboygan Lutheran High School, Sheboygan, WI, 1990-1992
Assistant Professor of Communication/Theatre, Concordia University Chicago, 1994-2005
Concordia University, Irvine since 2005
Biography

Lori teaches theatre appreciation, acting, creative dramatics, and the senior capstone course dealing with the business of being a theatre professional. She directs mainstage productions and is the theatre department’s chair.

Lori is the 2015 recipient of the Kennedy Center American College Theater Festival (Region VIII) Gold Medallion of Excellence. In addition, several shows Lori has directed have been awarded invitations to be performed in their entirety at the annual KCACTF Regional festival:

2010, The Foolish Proposal - a show that she and a group of students wrote/improvised in the style of Commedia del’ Arte
2012, The Cover of Life by R.T. Robinson
2015, The Drowsy Chaperone Music & Lyrics by Lisa Lambert/Greg Morrison, Book by Bob Martin/Don McKellar
2020, Xanadu Book by Douglas Carter Beane, Music and Lyrics by Jeff Lynne and John Farrar

Only the top 6-8 shows from the entire region are invited each year. In addition, her production of Still Life with Iris was invited to bring a scene to the KCACTF 2018 Regional Festival’s Evening of Invitational Scenes. Only 8 or 9 scenes are chosen from among hundreds submitted for consideration.

As a playwright, her 10-minute play Killing Bambi was produced in the Short+Sweet 10 minute play festival in Dubai, as well as part of LA’s Towne Street Theatre’s annual 10 minute play festival (both 2017) and at CUI (2020).

In July 2010, she served on the Mass Events Team for the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod’s National Youth Gathering held at the Superdome in New Orleans. Lori directed The Network, a drama performed in short segments each night of the gathering in front of 25,000 attendees. In 2013 she returned again to direct for the Mass Events Team at the National Youth Gathering at the Alamo Dome in San Antonio, TX.

Other favorite directing credits include: All Shook Up, Two Rooms, Footloose, A Year with Frog and Toad, Godspell, Love Letters, The Good Doctor, The Crucible, Brighton Beach Memoirs, Kindertransport, You’re a Good Man, Charlie Brown, The Velveteen Rabbit, and Rumplestiltskin.

Lori has performed in community theatre and summer stock productions. Favorite acting roles include The Glass Menagerie (Amanda), Into the Woods (The Baker’s Wife), Barefoot in the Park (Corrie), American Coast Theatre’s production of The Hiding Place (various roles) and CUI’s production of Pride and Prejudice (Mrs. Bennet).

Prior to her arrival at Concordia University - Irvine, Lori taught and directed for 11 years at Concordia University - Chicago, in the Art/Communication/Theatre Department.

Sierszyn, Andrew
(949) 214-3428
andrew.sierszyn@cui.edu
Resident Designer/Technical Director
Education
Illinois State University, Normal, IL, MFA in Scenic Design, Advisor: John C. Stark
Wisconsin Lutheran College – Milwaukee, WI, BA in Theatre and Art
Technical Intern – Alley Stage Theatre, Mineral Point, WI
Teaching Experience
2014-15 – Technical Director and Instructor - Racine Prairie High School – Racine, WI
2013-14 – Graduate Teaching Assistantship - Illinois State University – Normal, IL
Biography

Andrew brings a wealth of experience and education to his work at Concordia where he teaches courses in stagecraft, scenic design, and lighting and sound design. He mentors students in the design and technical production emphasis and oversees all student designers in his role as technical director. In 2023, he received the Excellence in Education Award from the Kennedy Center American Col