 since 2007
Biography

Tony has directed over 80 productions for professional, community, and university stages. Concordia directing credits include: Metamorphoses, Hamlet, Reckless, Pride and Prejudice, A Midsummer Night's Dream and his own adaptation of the book Ten Days in a Madhouse. He is a 2011 recipient of the Kennedy Center/American College Theatre Festival Excellence in Education Award.

Previously, Tony was co-artistic director of Circle Theatre, a Chicago non-Equity professional theatre and artistic director of the Theatre of Western Springs, a large community theatre. Chicago-area credits include: Anna Karenina, The Tempest, Tartuffe, and American Buffalo. Later, he was producing artistic director of New American Theater (Equity SPT 7) where his credits included: Around the World in 80 Days, Bad Dates, and A Midsummer Night’s Dream. Locally, he has directed for the Chance Theater.

Tony served as producing artistic director of Concordia's professional theatre Looseleaf Theatre Co. (Equity, Guest Artist) where he has directed Twelfth Night, As You Like It, The Comedy of Errors, The Merchant of Venice, Romeo and Juliet, and Two Gentlemen of Verona.

Tony's teaching has also involved travel. He was a visiting professor (in 2014) and then full-time professor (2016) on Concordia's Around the World semester - teaching and serving in 10 countries over 20 weeks. In 2018 he served as a visiting professor of acting for the Huace Film Academy at the Zhejiang University of Media and Communications in Hangzhou, China.

Tony and his family attend St. John's Lutheran Church in Orange.

Curriculum Vitae
See Prof. Vezner on Youtube
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services