 art music of Latin America, Africa, India, North America, Southeast Asia, and contemporary mass media. Prerequisite: MUS 102 or MUS 111 or MUS 112 or MUS 201 or equivalent knowledge and experience in music strongly encouraged. Offered alternate years.


MUS 452: Music Cultures of the World II
3

This course will introduce students to the study of music as a universal cultural phenomenon and the discipline of ethnomusicology with exposure to the musical and social aspects of folk, traditional, and art music of regions from Eastern Europe to Asia including the Middle East, Oceania, China, Japan, and Korea, as well as Mexico and the Caribbean. Prerequisite: MUS 102 or MUS 111 or MUS 112 or MUS 201, or equivalent knowledge; experience in music encouraged. Offered alternate years.


PHI 433: Philosophy of Religion
3

This introductory course to the issues of the philosophy of religion including epistemological method, the classical proofs for God's existence, determinism, free will, religious experience, faith and reason, and the problem of evil. Prerequisites: (CTHL 101 or CTHL 200) and (CPHI 101 or CPHI 200) or consent of instructor.

SOC 316: Ethnic and Minority Relations
3

This course will analyze ethnicity in contemporary urban society including the relationship between sub-cultural communities and the larger society; examining the factors and processes in the formation of minority groups; and looking at strategies for changing dominant-minority patterns.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

