over their God-given creativity and to better understand their relationship with God as creations of the Master Artist. She currently leads the Visual & Media Arts Department and Arts Academy at Orange Lutheran High School and teaches art education courses at local universities.

Education
M.A.T.: 2010, Biola University
B.F.A.: 2006, Biola University, Studio Arts: Interdisciplinary
Hendrickson, Julia
 
julia.hendrickson@cui.edu
Holden, Jeremy
 
jeremy.holden@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Holding a Bachelors of Arts in Graphic Design From California State University San Bernardino, Jeremy Holden is a Creative Specialist, specializing in the fields of Graphic Design, Illustration, Animation & Photography. Currently teach in the Digital Media Arts Department at Irvine Valley College and in Visual Arts Department with Concordia University Irvine.

Jeremy hopes that by sharing his creative knowledge, he can guide future designers/artists to follow their dreams & train them to become responsible designers/artists, because with great design comes the great responsibility to communicate effectively with the world.

Education
Bachelor of Arts-Graphic Design: California State University San Bernardino
Teaching
ART 472 -Web Design 1
ART 481-Digital Photography
Kyte, Allie
 
alexandra.kyte@cui.edu
Rebia, Sergio 
 
sergio.rebia@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Education
BFA, Laguna College of Art and Design
MFA, Laguna College of Art and Design
Teaching
Beginning, Intermediate & Advanced Drawing
Beginning, Intermediate & Advanced Figure Drawing
Beginning, Intermediate & Advanced Painting
Fundamentals of Studio Art
2D
Color Theory
Varamini, Hannah
 
hannah.varamini@cui.edu
Adjunct Art Professor

Biography

Hannah Kim Varamini is an interdisciplinary artist based in Los Angeles. She was born in Washington, D.C. to first-generation Korean immigrants. She received her BFA from Cornell University and MFA from the art program at CalArts. Her work employs language and symbology to examine ideologies of nationalism, and personal histories of diaspora and cultural hybridity. She spent time in Namibia on a Fulbright fellowship in 2008, which propelled an ongoing interest in postcolonial discourse. She has presented work in various contexts including the Santa Cruz Museum of Art, the Phillips Collection, and the National Art Gallery of Namibia.

Education
BFA, Cornell University
MFA, California Institute of the Arts
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services