https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/music
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Music Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Music Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum

Many Concordia students who major in other fields also choose to complete their elective requirements with a formal program of study in music called the Music Minor.

Concert Attendance
Students must document attendance at 10 concerts/recitals during their time at Concordia. An updated list will be published at the end of each semester detailing concert attendance. In the semester when students expect to pass 10, they should enroll in MUS 100 for pass/fail certification. Attendance credit is not allowed for recitals/concerts in which the student is a performer for the majority of the repertoire.

MUSIC MINOR CORE
12 Units
MUS 201: Music Theory I
3

As a beginning study of the craft of music for music majors and minors or general students with considerable musical experience, this course will include the study and application of scales, intervals, triads, rhythms, and elementary chord progression through analysis and writing. Co-requisites: Normally taken concurrently with MUS 211. Recommended MUS 102 or other training in the fundamentals of musical notation. A class fee is required to cover the cost of concert attendance.


MUS 202: Music Theory II
3

Continuation of MUS 201, this course will study seventh chords, modulation and basic musical forms through analysis and composition of four-part textures. Prerequisite: Should be taken concurrently with MUS 212.


MUS 211: Aural Skills I
1

This course will provide students with the training and tools that will aid in the development of sight-singing, dictation, and basic keyboard skills that support basic concepts as they learn to hear and identify basic harmonic (intervals, triads, and chord progressions) and rhythmic and melodic materials using the moveable-do solfege system.


MUS 212: Aural Skills II
1

A continuation of MUS 211. Prerequisite: Should be taken concurrently with MUS 202.


MUS 101-104: Applied Music on a Primary Instrument
4

Applied study is required for four semesters with at least two semesters at the 201 level or higher.

MUSIC HISTORY/CULTURES
3 Units
Choose one of the following courses:
MUS 331: Music History I: Antiquity through Bach
3

Survey the development of art music in Western history from antiquity through the baroque period, including the social functions of music and the relationship between secular and ecclesiastical, and vocal and instrumental music. This course addresses the question, "Why Art?" in the general education curriculum.


MUS 332: Music History II: Classical Period through Early-Twentieth Century
3

This survey course will look at the development of art music in Western history from the early classical period to the present, including the social functions of music, the relationship between secular and ecclesiastical music, and vocal and instrumental music. Prerequisite: MUS 202 or instructor approval. Offered alternate years.


MUS 451: Music Cultures of the World I
3

This course will introduce students to the study of music as a universal cultural phenomenon and the discipline of ethnomusicology with exposure to the musical and social aspects of folk, traditional, and art music of Latin America, Africa, India, North America, Southeast Asia, and contemporary mass media. Prerequisite: MUS 102 or MUS 111 or MUS 112 or MUS 201 or equivalent knowledge and experience in music strongly encouraged. Offered alternate years.


MUS 452: Music Cultures of the World II
3

This course will introduce students to the study of music as a universal cultural phenomenon and the discipline of ethnomusicology with exposure to the musical and social aspects of folk, traditional, and art music of regions from Eastern Europe to Asia including the Middle East, Oceania, China, Japan, and Korea, as well as Mexico and the Caribbean. Prerequisite: MUS 102 or MUS 111 or MUS 112 or MUS 201, or equivalent knowledge; experience in music encouraged. Offered alternate years.


MUS 482: Music Cultures: Musical Expression in Christianity
3

This course will survey of the role, development, and function of music in the Christian church from its roots in the Old Testament to the present day, with attention given to biblical, theological, social, and cultural considerations.