https://www.cui.edu/arts/visual-arts/christina-vogt
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
VISUAL ARTS DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Events
Giving
Contact 
How to Apply 
Christina Vogt
Visual Arts Alum

Christina Vogt
Laguna Niguel, CA
www.christinaannalisa.com

Degree: Bachelor of Arts, Graphic Design, Marketing ’14

Job: Senior Graphic Designer, Hoffman California International Fabrics, Mission Viejo, CA

Favorite story while @ Concordia University Irvine:
There isn’t one particular story. Just that my experience at Concordia University Irvine was one that I’ll never forget. I still see my Concordia University Irvine friends, we meet up weekly for tacos and adventures around Orange County. There’s something about the people at Concordia that’s genuinely kind and empathetic. It’s partly the reason I chose Concordia University Irvine—for the atmosphere.

When did you know that you wanted to pursue graphic design as a career?
My senior year in high school, my art teacher saw me drawing Audrey Hepburn for a class project and said that I needed to go into that field in college. Little did I know at the time that I was very good at what I do. Being a graphic designer is one of the best decisions I have ever made.

In my college dorm:
I went all out with curtains, wall art, pictures of friends and more. My style was a mix between shabby chic and modern with a home-like atmosphere. My love of interior design definitely showed because I always had people hanging out in my dorm.

Prized possession:
My Journaling Bible with tons of verses I’ve doodled in the margins. My Instagram account @doodleswithsteena (6,700+ followers) shares God’s Word with people all over the world.

Favorite scripture:
”Come away by yourself to a quiet place and get some rest.” Mark 6:31

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

