https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/community/serving/concordia-serves/charity-on-wheels
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
CONCORDIA serves
Opportunities to Serve 
Remote Activities
Why We Serve
Charity on Wheels, Saviors Road Inc.
CONCORDIA serves

Charity on Wheels' mission is simple. Rescue people struggling with poverty and homelessness. Our goal is to see people restored, thriving, and back on the road to self-reliance. Each week we visit neighborhoods, parks, alleys, riverbeds, and shelters to invite people to our gathering(s). We serve food but we are not just a "feed" or soup kitchen. Our volunteers sit down with guests to enjoy a meal together in order to establish relationships; this helps us to better assess needs. We often have music, a testimony or teaching, and dessert. Our guests are showered with love. No one leaves without an encouraging word and many are changed (both visitor and volunteer) after attending. We also give out toiletry items, shower passes, and clothing.

After registering for this event, please complete the Charity on Wheels Volunteer Registration and Liability Form and review the HIPP Compliance.

 Tuesday, September 26, 2023, 7:30am - 12:00pm

Participants will board busses at Grimm Hall at the Departure Time, please arrive 15 minutes prior to your departure.

CONCORDIA serves: Charity on Wheels, Saviors Road Inc.
We're sorry.

Registration for this service event has reached maximum capacity. Please choose another service event.

20 registrations are allowed. 20 have registered.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

