nal charge for field trips.


THR 262: Acting II
4

This course is an advanced approach to acting techniques used in material from contemporary realism and the modern drama era such as Chekhov and Ibsen. It will include an in-depth study of scene and character analysis; performance of monologues, improvisations, and scenes; exercises based on the Meisner technique and other acting approaches. There may be an additional charge for field trips. Lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: THR 261 or consent of instructor.


THR 381: Acting in Musical Theatre
3

Exploration of the voice, movement, and acting skills necessary to perform in modern musical plays will be examined in this course as students participate in workshops, exercises, warm-ups, rehearsal procedures, and in-class solo and group performances. Prerequisite: THR 261 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


THR 392: Practicum: Theatre for Musical Theatre Minor
2

This course, intended for students in the Musical Theatre minor, is a practical, hands-on learning experience where student will work on one or more theatre department productions.


Students taking the musical theatre minor are advised to take either MUS 102, 111, 201 or THR 111 as part of their general education. Students are strongly encouraged to take at least four (4) semesters of MUE ensemble credit (vocal or instrumental).

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

