https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/musical-theatre
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Musical Theatre Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Musical Theatre Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

This is one option for a minor in our Theatre Major. Other options to consider are linked here.

THEATRE
THEATRE DESIGN AND TECHNICAL PRODUCTION
Curriculum
MUSICAL THEATRE MINOR
27 Units
KIN 304: Motor Learning and Control
3

This course will give an overview of significant behavioral theories which influence and determine the learning and production of motor skills. Included will be learning theories and motor control theories as well as application of theory to motor performance.


DAN 101: Ballet 1
1

This course will introduce the basic ballet positions, movements, and combinations, as well French ballet terms and their meanings, including the discussion of the history and origins of ballet and its various styles.

DAN 102: Ballet 2
1

This course will further explore the technical and expressive elements of ballet, as well as historically significant ballet schools and styles. It is designed to advance the performance level of students who have mastered the basic skills and vocabulary of ballet. Students practice and perform advanced barre exercises, demi-pointe work, and increasingly complex connecting movements.

DAN 111: Jazz Dance
1

This course introduces the fundamentals of jazz dance, including its history and styles. It is designed for students with no dance experience and for experienced dancers wishing to perfect basic jazz dance skills. Jazz dance techniques are presented and practiced in class, with an emphasis on combinations using a variety of rhythms and styles. Class participation is intended to develop an appreciation for the physical demands of jazz dancing.

DAN 112: Modern Dance
1

This course introduces the fundamentals of modern dance and its history. It is designed for students with no dance experience as well as returning dance students. Students participate in movement studies and improvisations that deal with shape, space, time and energy, four main dance principles to encourage their creativity and individuality. Emphasis is on developing axial and locomotor skills, performing movement combinations, conditioning the body, and solving creative problems.

DAN 141: Tap Dance
1

This course introduces tap dance technique at the beginning level. Instruction focuses primarily on the rhythm tap style; however, other tap styles may also be included. Students practice fundamental tap dance skills; rhythms, including swing and Latin; syncopation; time steps; short combinations; and stylings. The course includes an introduction to the history and performance of tap dance.

MUS 102: Music Fundamentals
3

This entry-level course is intended for general education students or those considering a music major and will provide an opportunity to develop skills in sight reading, music theory, and aspects of basic musical analysis.


MUS ___: Applied Music
4

4 semesters of voice with at least one semester at 300 level

THR 261: Acting I
3

As an introduction to basic acting techniques, this course will examine ways to construct the interior, physical, and vocal life of a character, teach warm-up procedures and staging principles including scene analysis, performance of monologues, and improvisations. There may be an additional charge for field trips.


THR 262: Acting II
4

This course is an advanced approach to acting techniques used in material from contemporary realism and the modern drama era such as Chekhov and Ibsen. It will include an in-depth study of scene and character analysis; performance of monologues, improvisations, and scenes; exercises based on the Meisner technique and other acting approaches. There may be an additional charge for field trips. Lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: THR 261 or consent of instructor.


THR 381: Acting in Musical Theatre
3

Exploration of the voice, movement, and acting skills necessary to perform in modern musical plays will be examined in this course as students participate in workshops, exercises, warm-ups, rehearsal procedures, and in-class solo and group performances. Prerequisite: THR 261 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


THR 392: Practicum: Theatre for Musical Theatre Minor
2

This course, intended for students in the