or and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Faculty
Rebecca Duport
Director, DCE Program

Professor Rebecca Duport ‘98 has served the LCMS as a Director of Christian Education (DCE) throughout the country (Idaho, Kentucky, Arkansas, Florida) in life-span education roles working with Children, Youth, Family, and Older Adults. She cherishes the relationships that God has allowed her the privilege to be a part of as a full-time DCE in His church for 16 years before returning to her alma mater, Concordia University Irvine, as a professor in 2014.

MEET OUR FACULTY

Tuition and Fees
Tuition/Fee	Cost
Application Fee	$50
Graduation Fee	Graduation Fee
Tuition/unit (New Students Fall '24 / Spring '25)	$495/unit
DCE Internship Fee	Stateside (flat rate): $7,025
International (flat rate): $10,600
*Tuition and fees are listed here for your convenience, but are subject to change.

Let us help you find the answers. Our financial aid counselors will be happy to meet with you to discuss financial aid opportunities and strategies to obtain your BA degree. Concordia is well known for its individualized attention. We are here to help!

Generous scholarships and grants are available for Church Work students. Contact Carrie Donohoe at (949) 214-3389 for more information.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Apply Now.
Complete the Online Application or download the Paper Application.
Send official transcripts from all colleges and universities attended.
Complete the following forms:
Supplemental DCE Certification Application
Statement of Theological Agreement
Statement of Intent
Two references are needed for application to this program. One will be from an LCMS Professional Church Worker, the other will be a Personal Reference. Please ask your references to complete the appropriate form and return it to the address below.
Send all forms and requested items to:
Graduate Studies in Theology
Concordia University
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612-3203
Phone and Fax: (949) 214-3389
Admissions Eligibility

All applicants for the Online Bachelor of Arts in Christian Education Leadership with DCE Certification Program must:

Already possess a bachelor’s degree or fulfill Concordia University Irvine’s requirements to enter an OBD program
Be working in a relevant ministry position in a church or church-related context

If you do not already have a bachelor’s degree, there are three options of eligibility to enter Concordia University Irvine’s Online Bachelor’s Degree program:

Option 1: Associate Degree, IGETC, or CSU certification
Option 2: You have 45 transferable credits or more and are able to take general education classes concurrently with your major.
If you have 0-44 units, you are eligible for candidate status and can begin taking GE courses. Once 45 credits total are obtained, you can begin taking courses concurrently.
APPLY NOW
Get in Touch

For more information or any questions, we invite you to contact us directly.

Carrie Donohoe
Christ College Program Coordinator
949-214-3389
carrie.donohoe@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

