https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege/dce-cert-obd-cel
Skip to Main Content

Online
About
Degrees
Certificates
Financial Aid
Student Services
Apply
Request Info
Christian Education Leadership with DCE Certification
FAQ
Faculty
Apply Now
Director of Christian Education (DCE) Certification with Online Bachelor's Degree in Christian Education Leadership
ONLINE BACHELOR'S DEGREE
Degree. Certification. Online.

The Christian Education Leadership Degree (CEL) with Director of Christian Education (DCE) Certification is an online program suitable for students already working in a relevant ministry position in a church or church-related context. It is aimed at enhancing your leadership skills to prepare for a career certified by the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS). Start your journey with us by earning a bachelor’s, or complement an existing degree with a second BA and DCE certification. Upon completion of the entire program, you will have a Bachelor of Arts degree in Christian Education Leadership and be eligible for DCE Certification.

This program draws upon a rich theological tradition to explore the interface between leadership, culture and theology. Learning from professors who are well-respected throughout the Concordia University System, the DCE program will help nurture your personal, spiritual and professional growth. After completing your degree and internship requirements, you will be eligible to receive a call to serve an LCMS church as a DCE.

The Director of Christian Education program not only allows for an individual to be called in The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod, but also allows for an individual to obtain a deeper and greater knowledge of God's Word for the benefit of that individual's faith and current or future ministry.

– Joshua M. Schmitt '17

Study with us.
Online flexibility to fit your needs, our faculty and staff will be there to coach you every step of the way
Faculty have substantial ministry experience and excellent scholarly credentials, having written many of the textbooks used throughout the Concordia University System and the LCMS
Concordia University Irvine houses the largest theological faculty in the Concordia University System
Opportunity awaits you, with practical applications in education, leadership, and counseling
Open forum to connect with other students, church workers, and professors
Degree

Students completing the program earn a Bachelor of Arts in Christian Education Leadership. Getting started with a degree can sometimes seem complicated, but our staff will help make it easier. Whether it's support toward financial aid or application advice - we are here to help. Students without a prior bachelor's degree will need to complete general education and elective requirements to complete their degree. Students with an existing bachelor’s degree will receive a second BA in Christian Education Leadership (CEL) as part of this program.

Certification

Christ College offers the online Director of Christian Education certification for those who need to progress in their career as a DCE with the LCMS. After finishing the coursework for your CEL degree, you will complete an internship in an LCMS church to be eligible for a call as a DCE.

Study from anywhere

The CEL with DCE program gives you the option to study from wherever you live, and accommodate your schedule around extracurricular activities, such as family and work. Regularly scheduled classes will keep you connected to professors and course work. We provide schedules, virtual lectures, and a larger network to connect with other students.

Students will be required to complete a two-week residency on campus during the summer, one of which will be associated with CED 450 Counseling in Ministry. This is the perfect opportunity to experience the sunny shores of Orange County, network with like-minded students and meet your Professors.

Start where you are.

The Christian Education Leadership Degree with Director of Christian Education Certification program is comprised of 57 units taken through Christ College at Concordia University Irvine. Students seeking certification as Directors of Christian Education in the Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod must complete additional requirements, including an internship, after completion of the Christian Education Leadership degree.

CHRISTIAN EDUCATION LEADERSHIP ONLINE DEGREE PROGRAM
45 Units
THEOLOGICAL FOUNDATIONS
Units
ATHL 201: History and Literature of the Old Testament
3

This historical and literary survey course of the Old Testament will emphasize theological themes and their relevance for Christian life and faith.


OR

THL 201: History and Literature of the Old Testament
3

This course will investigate the literature of the Old Testament in light of its cultural and canonical contexts with an emphasis on its major theological questions and themes and their relevance for Christian faith and life.


ATHL 202: History and Literature of the New Testament
3

T