https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/campus-ministry/fully-developed-disciples
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Campus Ministry

What We Believe
Fully Developed Disciples
Chapel
Bible Studies
Missions
Witness
SHAPE
Contact Us
Related Links
Chapel Schedule
Fully Developed Disciples
CAMPUS MINISTRY
Do you desire to grow as a disciple of Jesus Christ?

We believe that being intentional about discipleship is God's calling for every Christian. That's why we've built our ministry around 5 Core Values:

The Gospel

We live out our Lutheran identity as Christ-centered, evangelical people.

Worship

We implement dynamic preaching and excellence in the arts in order to offer innovative, vibrant and diverse worship experiences which center around Word and Sacrament.

Nurture

We challenge believers to become fully-developed disciples of Jesus through the study of God's Word in small group settings.

Service

We value each member of the Body of Christ as a uniquely-gifted child of God, and we eagerly desire their creative participation in all aspects of our ministry.

Witness

We boldly witness God's redeeming love through our words and acts of service. We accomplish this through relational ministry.

Growing in Discipleship

Jesus said, "Pick up your cross and follow me!" Make no mistake about it, this is a call to radical discipleship.

The values above show how the Campus Ministry will guide you in radical discipleship based on our Core Values. You can begin in regular Worship and a commitment to membership. Next, you will be Nurtured in God's Word, and encouraged to make a commitment to study God's Word regularly. Empowered by God's grace, we will help you to not only identify your spiritual gifts, but also to identify ministries in which you can use your gifts in acts of Service. Finally, as a fully-developed disciple, you will learn how to give regular Witness to our Savior in your daily life.

All this can only happen, however, by God's grace. As you are connected to His Word and Sacraments, God will strengthen your faith. He has also given you the gift of the Church, where disciples can encourage one another to grow.

We firmly believe that Christians aren't to live out their lives in isolation. If you are ready to grow in your faith through intentional discipleship, then get involved in Campus Ministry.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

