https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/campus-ministry/chapel
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Campus Ministry

What We Believe
Fully Developed Disciples
Chapel
Bible Studies
Missions
Witness
SHAPE
Contact Us
Related Links
Chapel Schedule
Chapel
CAMPUS MINISTRY
Worship at Concordia
M, Tu, Th, F (10:30-10:55 am) - Daily Chapel

Daily chapel is purposefully designed to serve everyone in our Concordia University Irvine community. It is our hope that students, no matter what their background, can join others during the week at these chapel experiences.

This year our chapels will follow a pattern which Martin Luther suggested comprises the proper way to study theology. In Latin, the terms are: oratio, meditatio, and tentatio. We will adapt these slightly to this sequence:

IN CASE YOU MISSED ANY OF OUR CHAPELS

Monday Chapel

We begin the week by meditating on God’s Word to us (meditatio). The focus most of this semester will be going verse by verse through Paul’s letter to the Philippians. Our theme passage encourages us, even in uncertain times, to "shine as lights in the world, holding fast to the word of life" (Philippians 2:15b-16).

Tuesday Chapel

Prayer (oratio) is our response based upon a Psalm related to the Philippians reading. After an overview of the Psalm, we will pray it together, followed by 5 minutes for journaling or private/small group prayer. Our theme verses are Philippians 4:6-7: Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God.7 And the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.

Thursday Chapel

Tentatio comprises spiritual struggle. A brief devotion based upon Monday’s reading from Philippians will lead to life application questions to be discussed in small groups (10 minutes). Our theme verse is Philippians 1:29 For it has been granted to you that for the sake of Christ you should not only believe in him but also suffer for his sake.

Friday Chapel

We added imitatio to wrap up the week with personal testimonies of faith from various members of Concordia University Irvine’s community. The theme verse is Philippians 3:17 where Paul writes, "Join in imitating me, and keep your eyes on those who walk according to the example you have in us” (Philippians 3:17). Of course, behind this appeal is 1 Corinthians 11:1, "Be imitators of me, as I am of Christ."

CU Source
Sundays (6:30-7:20 pm) - Good Shepherd Chapel

As John 1:1-4 shows us, Christ is the source of everything we know. Creation, life, everlasting life; it all begins and ends in Him. With our understanding of that truth comes the passion to celebrate Christ as the center and purpose of our worship. He is the source. Our Tuesday evening service includes Holy Communion every week, utilizes a small acoustic ensemble, and shares the life-changing message of Jesus.

Shout!
Thursdays (9:30-10:30 pm) - CU Center

Shout! is an expressive, meditative evening worship experience marked by praise singing, personal reflection, and prayer with other students. The atmosphere is low-light and low-tech, but high in participation. The music is acoustic and earthy, and the devotions are testimonial in style, led by students from the Concordia University Irvine community.

Did you miss our latest Chapel?

VIEW OUR ENTIRE CHAPEL ARCHIVE

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

