 Directors about campus resources, life on campus, and how to best guide your student through their Parents and Supporters are invited to hear from key Student Affairs Directors about campus resources, life on campus, and how to best guide your student through their transition to college.

You will hear from representativesfrom the following departments:

Residence Life
Wellness Center
Student Life and Leadership
Outdoor Recreation and CU Active
Academic Advising
Campus Safety
Career Services
And more!
‌
10:00 AM - 11:30 AM | Family Brunch | Commons Lawn
‌
11:30 AM - 12:30 PM | Closing Ceremony | Nelson Amphitheater

Join us for a time of celebration and prayer as Parent, Family, and Supporter Orientation comes to a close. New students will hear from the Dean of Students about what it means to be a Golden Eagle as they create the Incoming Class of 2024 art piece.

‌
12:30 PM- 1:30 PM | CU Later: Root Beer Float Send Off | Location TBD

Snap a family picture at the photo booth and grab a root beer float served by Concordia Alumni! This event concludes Parent, Family, and Supporter Orientation.

‌
1:30 PM - 2:00 PM | Optional: Parent Meeting with DAS | Testing Center

If you have additional questions about Disability Access Services, feel free to stop by the Testing Center to chat with Stephanie Staley. 

 

Concordia University Irvine Parent Connection

Families often experience an adjustment period when a child enters a new university, whether they are entering as a first-year student, transferring from another college or university, living on campus, or commuting. As a parent, you have also begun a new phase in life as you take a supportive role in your student's newest endeavor.

We want to assure you that you will not be alone in experiencing this transition. Our campus staff is dedicated to support and assure the well-being of your student as well as address any questions or concerns you have. Specifically, the Office of First-Year Experience is geared toward providing you student resources that ensure a smooth transition.

We value our partnerships with parents and family members as we strive to develop your student into a wise, honorable, and cultivated student. To successfully develop a supportive network for your student, we ask for your assistance in fostering your student's growth as they will be seeking your guidance and advice throughout their time at Concordia.

We encourage you to be a member of our parent mailing where you will receive newsletters, our University's magazine, The Concordia Today, and event invitations by enrolling in the free Concordia University Irvine Parent Connection Association.

Join the Concordia University Irvine Parent Connection Association »
Join the Concordia University Irvine Parent Facebook Page »

Helpful Resources
Summer Preparations - Equipping students to thrive
Move-in Day - How to help your student
Ongoing Transition - Gradually letting go and supporting from a distance
Advice for Parents - From current Concordia University Irvine Parents
25 Tips - Help your student survive & thrive
Social Media Directory
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine
First-Year Experience

Phone: (949) 214-3065
Email: fye@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

