ety. 

	Grimm Hall 302
2:30pm - 3:00pm	

What it Means to be a CULTIVATED Citizen

Here at Concordia, we want you to find community and connection. You will hear from Director of Student Life and Leadership Development Amanda Norris about how to get involved on campus and around Irvine. We will also introduce you to our Wellness Center staff and Campus Ministry Team. 

	Grimm Hall 302
3:00pm - 4:00pm	

Transfer, Freshmen, and Parent/Supporter Breakouts

New Transfer Students will get to hear from Transfer Success Coach Joie Annunziato about transfer-specific events and resources. New Freshmen will meet with Assistant Director of Orientation and Student Activities about First-Year Experience programs. Parents and supporters will meet with the Alumni and Family Relations team about how to support your student and stay connected to the Concordia community.

	Transfer Students:
Career Center
Freshmen:
Unity Center
Parents/ Supporters:
GH 302
4:00pm - 4:30pm	

Campus Tour/Scavenger Hunt

Get familiar with our campus and your new classmates! Take a tour around campus with a Peer Advising Leader and collect free things at every stop!

	Around Campus
4:30pm - 5:30pm	

New Student Social

Join us for a time of games and prizes as you mingle with your new classmates!

	CSLD Patio
5:30pm - 6:30pm	

New Student Dinner

Dinner will be provided for our new students and guests.

	Student Union
Saturday, January 6th
9:00am - 6:00pm	

Knott’s Berry Farm Day!

Join your new friends for a day of roller coasters and adventures! Ticket and transportation provided. Reservations Required.  
Breakfast and dinner will be provided by FYE. Lunch is on your own in the park. Any students that choose to not attend will be responsible for their own meals on Saturday.

	Knott's Berry Farm
Sunday, January 7th
Take the day to relax and prepare for classes to start tomorrow. Orange County has lots of local churches that we recommend you check out. Speak to a staff member if you have questions. Meal times for Sunday are as follows:
9:00am - 11:30am	

Grab and Go Continental Brunch

Pick up a continental brunch at your leisure during this window. Please RSVP that you will need brunch so we can plan accordingly.

	Rho Commons
5:00pm - 6:30pm	

Dinner

Meal plans are active for the first time. Use your MyCUI app or ID card to scan in for dinner.

	Student Union
Spring Orientation Prep Checklist

We are excited to see you at Spring Orientation. Make sure to complete the following items before your arrival on January 5th.

1. RSVP for Spring Orientation!

It is important that you let us know you are coming so we can plan for food and other resources. Complete the form for you and your guests.

2. Connect with the FYE Team

We are here to support you. Feel free to email or call the First-Year Experience team to let us know how we can best come alongside you in your Concordia journey.
Email us at fye@cui.edu or give us a call at 949-214-3065

3. Download the MyCUI app and bookmark my.cui.edu on your computer

MyCUI is the hub to all things Concordia. You can access your email, scan into the caf using the digital ID, visit Canvas, find a Club, and more!
You can access the MyCUI campus app here or download it from the AppStore or GooglePlay.

4. RSVP for Spring Orientation!

All Students will need to apply for their ID card as the primary form of identification on campus. You can apply ahead of time for your card using this link. If you are bringing a car on campus, make sure to register your vehicle at this link.

5. Check MyRecords for any holds on your account

Go to MyRecords to check for holds placed by the Bursar’s office, Campus Safety, Financial Aid, Registrar’s office, or Wellness Center.

Click on MY STUDENT BILL
Click MY HOLDS
Select the appropriate section (financial aid, student accounts, etc.)
Clear your hold prior to coming to campus by contacting the department responsible for the hold:
Bursar’s Office: (949) 214-3075 (Grimm Hall North, first floor)
Financial Aid: (949) 214-3066 (Grimm Hall North, second floor)
Wellness Center: (949) 214-3102 (Grimm Student Union, first floor by the mail room)
Registrar’s Office: (949) 214-3079 (Grimm Hall North, first floor)
Campus Safety: (949) 214-3000 (Admin Bldg, room 100)

*If a hold remains on your account when you arrive on campus, plan to visit the office responsible for the hold before moving into student housing or attending classes.

Office hours are M-F 8:00am - 4:30pm

6. Order Textbooks

Purchase your books needed for each class by viewing your class schedule in MyRecords and selecting "Buy Textbooks."

Frequently Asked Questions
‌
What should I bring to Spring Orientation?

If you are a residential student, make sure to bring any items you need to make your dorm room feel like home. You can find a list of recommended items here.
All students may want to bring a light jacket and comfortable shoes for walking around campus. You will be taking your ID card photo, so get ready to smile!

‌
