https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/first-year-experience/spring-orientation
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

First-Year Experience

Week of Welcome (WOW) 
INT 100: Foundations
Peer Advising Leadership (PAL) 
Student Shuttle Services
SPRING ORIENTATION
Week of Welcome (WOW)
CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE
Spring Orientation
January 5-7, 2024

Welcome new Golden Eagles! We are so excited to have you join us in the spring. Spring Orientation is a critical event to start your Concordia journey on the right foot. Mark your calendars for January 5-7, 2024 and be sure to check your Eagles email for other important information about Spring Orientation.

Feel free to contact fye@cui.edu with any questions about the event.

RSVP: Secure Your Spot at Spring Orientation!

All New Spring students are required to attend Spring Orientation. Please fill out this RSVP form so we can plan for you and your guests.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ENumber 
Will you be a Resident or Commuter? 
-Please Select-
Resident
Commuter
Will you be attending Spring Orientation? 
-Please Select-
Yes
No
How many guests will you be bringing with you on Friday, January 5th? 
-Please Select-
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Will you be joining for Knott's Berry Farm on Saturday, January 6th? 
-Please Select-
Yes
No
Will you be needing brunch on Sunday, January 7? 
Yes
No
SEND
Friday, January 5th
9:00AM - 9:30AM	

Residential Student Check-In and Clearance, Move-In

All new residential students will check in on the Grimm Hall Patio to receive their orientation materials, pick up their room key, receive their Hunt shirt, and take their ID card photo. Students with holds on their account will be directed to the respective office to clear their hold before receiving their room key. 

	

Grimm Hall Patio


9:00AM - 2:00PM	

Bookstore Open

Pick up your books or grab some Concordia swag at our campus bookstore.

	Concordia University Founders Bookstore // Gym Breezeway
11:30AM - 12:00PM	

Commuter Check-in and Clearance

All new commuter students will check in on the Grimm Hall Patio to receive their orientation materials, receive their Hunt shirt, and take their ID card photo. Students with holds on their account will be directed to the respective office to clear their hold before proceeding to orientation. 

	Grimm Hall Patio
12:00PM - 12:45PM	

Lunch

All new students and guests are invited to join the orientation team for a complimentary lunch with Concordia faculty and staff before the official Welcome. 

	Grimm Hall 302
12:45PM - 1:00PM	

Welcome and Overview of Weekend

Join us as we kickoff your orientation experience. Hear from the Assistant Director of Orientation and Student Activities Jessica James about what to expect from the day and your first semester at Concordia. A member of the Associated Students of Concordia University Irvine (ASCUI) will share about the Concordia Student Experience and 2023-2024 theme verse.

	Grimm Hall 302
1:00PM - 1:15PM	

What it Means to be a Golden Eagle and Class Art Piece

Vice President of Student Affairs and Dean of Students Megan Bouslaugh will share about what it means to be a Concordia Golden Eagle and how you fit into our nest. New students will get to add to the class art piece for the 2023-2024 school year.

	Grimm Hall 302
1:15PM - 2:00PM	

What it Means to be a WISE Citizen

Hear from some of our Academic Support Services about classes and academics at Concordia. In this session, you will get an overview of our Enduring Questions and Ideas (Q&I) General Education curriculum, meet the Academic Advising Team, learn about the Writing Studio and Tutoring Center Services, and meet the Career Services team. 

	Grimm Hall 302
2:00PM - 2:30PM	

What it Means to be a HONORABLE Citizen

In this session you will learn about how to love your neighbor at Concordia. We will go over residential and commuter student resources, key policies, Title IX resources, and Campus Safety. 

	Grimm Hall 302
2:30pm - 3:00pm	

What it Means to be a CULTIVATED Citizen

Here at Concordia, we want you to find community and connection. You will hear from Director of Student Life and Leadership Development Amanda Norris about how to get involved on campus and around Irvine. We will also introduce you to our Wellness Center staff and Campus Ministry Team. 

	Grimm Hall 302
3:00pm - 4:00pm	

Transfer, Freshmen, and Parent/Supporter Breakouts

New Transfer Students will get to hear from Transfer Success Coach Joie Annunziato about transfer-specific events and resources. New Freshmen will meet with Assistant Director of Orientation and Student Activities about First-Year Experience programs. Parents and supporters will meet with the Alumni and Family Relations team about how to support your student and stay connected to the Concordia community.

	Transfer Students:
Career Center
Freshmen:
Unity Center
Parents/ Supporters:
GH 302
4:00pm - 4:30pm	

Campus Tour/Scavenger Hunt

Get familiar with our campus and your new classmates! Take a tour around campus with a Peer Advising Leader and collect free things at every stop!

	Around Campus
4:30pm - 5:30pm	

New Student Social

Join us for a time of games and prizes as you mingle with your new classmates!

	CSLD Patio
5:30pm - 6:30pm	

New Student Dinner

Dinner will be provided for our new students and guests.

	Student Union
Saturday, January 6th
9:00am - 6:00pm	

Knott’s Berry Farm Day!

Join your new friends for a day of roller coasters and adventures! Ticket and transportation provided. Reservations Required.  
Breakfast and dinner will be provided by FYE. Lunch is on your own in the park. Any students that choose to not attend will be responsible for their own meals on Saturday.

	Knott's Berry Farm
Sunday, January 7th
Take the day to relax and prepare for classes to start tomorrow. Orange County has lots of local churches that we recommend you check out. Speak to a staff member if you have questions. Meal times for Sunday are as follows:
9:00am - 11:30am	

Grab and Go Continental Brunch

Pick up a continental brunch at your leisure during this window. Please RSVP that you will need brunch so we can plan accordingly.

	Rho Commons
5:00pm - 6:30pm	

Dinner

Meal plans are active for the first time. Use your MyCUI app or ID card to scan in for dinner.

	Student Union
Spring Orientation Prep Checklist

We are excited to see you at Spring Orientation. Make sure to complete the following items before your arrival on January 5th.

1. RSVP for Spring Orientation!

It is important that you let us know you are coming so we can plan for food and other resources. Complete the form for you and your guests.

2. Connect with the FYE Team

We are here to support you. Feel free to email or call the First-Year Experience team to let us know how we can best come alongside you in your Concordia journey.
Email us at fye@cui.edu or give us a call at 949-214-3065

3. Download the MyCUI app and bookmark my.cui.edu on your computer

MyCUI is the hub to all things Concordia. You can access your email, scan into the caf using the digital ID, visit Canvas, find a Club, and more!
You can access the MyCUI campus app here or download it from the AppStore or GooglePlay.

4. RSVP for Spring Orientation!

All Students will need to apply for their ID card as the primary form of identification on campus. You can apply ahead of time for your card using this link. If you are bringing a car on campus, make sure to register your vehicle at this link.

5. Check MyRecords for any holds on your account

Go to MyRecords to check for holds placed by the Bursar’s office, Campus Safety, Financial Aid, Registrar’s office, or Wellness Center.

Click on MY STUDENT BILL
Click MY HOLDS
Select the appropriate section (financial aid, student accounts, etc.)
Clear your hold prior to coming to campus by contacting the department responsible for the hold:
Bursar’s Office: (949) 214-3075 (Grimm Hall North, first floor)
Financial Aid: (949) 214-3066 (Grimm Hall North, second floor)
Wellness Center: (949) 214-3102 (Grimm Student Union, first floor by the mail room)
Registrar’s Office: (949) 214-3079 (Grimm Hall North, first floor)
Campus Safety: (949) 214-3000 (Admin Bldg, room 100)

*If a hold remains on your account when you arrive on campus, plan to visit the office responsible for the hold before moving into student housing or attending classes.

Office hours are M-F 8:00am - 4:30pm

6. Order Textbooks

Purchase your books needed for each class by viewing your class schedule in MyRecords and selecting "Buy Textbooks."

Frequently Asked Questions
‌
What should I bring to Spring Orientation?

If you are a residential student, make sure to bring any items you need to make your dorm room feel like home. You can find a list of recommended items here.
All students may want to bring a light jacket and comfortable shoes for walking around campus. You will be taking your ID card photo, so get ready to smile!

‌
Why should I attend Spring Orientation?

Spring Orientation is a key step in your successful transition to Concordia University Irvine. You will get to meet key people, learn about key resources, and get excited about key experiences. We have found that the students that attend orientation have an easier time adjusting to life at Concordia.

‌
What do I need to do before Spring Orientation?

Before coming to Spring Orientation, make sure to complete the Spring Orientation Checklist and New Student Checklist. You should also be sure that all of your holds are cleared. These steps will help make the check-in process very smooth upon arrival.

‌
Can my family come with me to Spring Orientation?

Yes! We would love to welcome you and your guests for the Friday portion of Spring Orientation. Please make sure to RSVP for you and your guests so we can make sure to prepare accordingly.

‌
How much does Spring Orientation cost?

All new students are charged a $200 New Student Orientation fee. This fee covers your experiences during the weekend, including meals on Friday, Concordia swag, and your ticket to Knott’s Berry Farm.

‌
I am transferring to Concordia and attended orientation at my other school, why should I go?

While we love that you have already been through an orientation experience, Concordia University Irvine is a unique institution. Our resources are different than your previous institution so Spring Orientation here is still a key experience. We want you to know all about our campus and our resources here so that you can be a successful Concordia Golden Eagle.

Have more questions? Email fye@cui.edu!
Helpful Resources
MyCUI Student Portal
Parent & Family Engagement
COVID-19 Coronavirus Communication
Housing - What to bring
Dining - Meal plan options
CU Rides - Bike rentals
CUI Bookstore - Be ready for class
Social Media Directory
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine
First-Year Experience

Phone: (949) 214-3065
Email: fye@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

