https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/first-year-experience/spring-orientation
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

First-Year Experience

Week of Welcome (WOW) 
INT 100: Foundations
Peer Advising Leadership (PAL) 
Student Shuttle Services
SPRING ORIENTATION
Week of Welcome (WOW)
CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE
Spring Orientation
January 5-7, 2024

Welcome new Golden Eagles! We are so excited to have you join us in the spring. Spring Orientation is a critical event to start your Concordia journey on the right foot. Mark your calendars for January 5-7, 2024 and be sure to check your Eagles email for other important information about Spring Orientation.

Feel free to contact fye@cui.edu with any questions about the event.

RSVP: Secure Your Spot at Spring Orientation!

All New Spring students are required to attend Spring Orientation. Please fill out this RSVP form so we can plan for you and your guests.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ENumber 
Will you be a Resident or Commuter? 
-Please Select-
Resident
Commuter
Will you be attending Spring Orientation? 
-Please Select-
Yes
No
How many guests will you be bringing with you on Friday, January 5th? 
-Please Select-
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Will you be joining for Knott's Berry Farm on Saturday, January 6th? 
-Please Select-
Yes
No
Will you be needing brunch on Sunday, January 7? 
Yes
No
SEND
Friday, January 5th
9:00AM - 9:30AM	

Residential Student Check-In and Clearance, Move-In

All new residential students will check in on the Grimm Hall Patio to receive their orientation materials, pick up their room key, receive their Hunt shirt, and take their ID card photo. Students with holds on their account will be directed to the respective office to clear their hold before receiving their room key. 

	

Grimm Hall Patio


9:00AM - 2:00PM	

Bookstore Open

Pick up your books or grab some Concordia swag at our campus bookstore.

	Concordia University Founders Bookstore // Gym Breezeway
11:30AM - 12:00PM	

Commuter Check-in and Clearance

All new commuter students will check in on the Grimm Hall Patio to receive their orientation materials, receive their Hunt shirt, and take their ID card photo. Students with holds on their account will be directed to the respective office to clear their hold before proceeding to orientation. 

	Grimm Hall Patio
12:00PM - 12:45PM	

Lunch

All new students and guests are invited to join the orientation team for a complimentary lunch with Concordia faculty and staff before the official Welcome. 

	Grimm Hall 302
12:45PM - 1:00PM	

Welcome and Overview of Weekend

Join us as we kickoff your orientation experience. Hear from the Assistant Director of Orientation and Student Activities Jessica James about what to expect from the day and your first semester at Concordia. A member of the Associated Students of Concordia University Irvine (ASCUI) will share about the Concordia Student Experience and 2023-2024 theme verse.

	Grimm Hall 302
1:00PM - 1:15PM	

What it Means to be a Golden Eagle and Class Art Piece

Vice President of Student Affairs and Dean of Students Megan Bouslaugh will share about what it means to be a Concordia Golden Eagle and how you fit into our nest. New students will get to add to the class art piece for the 2023-2024 school year.

	Grimm Hall 302
1:15PM - 2:00PM	

What it Means to be a WISE Citizen

Hear from some of our Academic Support Services about classes and academics at Concordia. In this session, you will get an overview of our Enduring Questions and Ideas (Q&I) General Education curriculum, meet the Academic Advising Team, learn about the Writing Studio and Tutoring Center Services, and meet the Career Services team. 

	Grimm Hall 302
2:00PM - 2:30PM	

What it Means to be a HONORABLE Citizen

In this session you will learn about how to love your neighbor at Concordia. We will go over residential and commuter student resources, key policies, Title IX resources, and Campus Safety. 

	Grimm Hall 302
2:30pm - 3:00pm	

What it Means to be a CULTIVATED Citizen

Here at Concordia, we want you to find community and connection. You will hear from Director of Student Life and Leadership Development Amanda Norris about how to get involved on campus and around Irvine. We will also introduce you to our Wellness Center staff and Campus Ministry Team. 

	Grimm Hall 302
3:00pm - 4:00pm	

Transfer, Freshmen, and Parent/Supporter Breakouts

New Transfer Students will get to hear from Transfer Success Coach Joie Annunziato about transfer-specific events and resources. New Freshmen will meet with Assistant Director of Orientation and Student Activities about First-Year Experience programs. Parents and supporters will meet with the Alumni and Family Relations team about how to support your student and stay connected to the Concordia community.

	Transfer Students:
Career Center
Freshmen:
Unity Center
Parents/ Supporters:
GH 302
4:00pm - 4:30pm	

Campus Tour/Scavenger Hunt

Ge