cial Aid: (949) 214-3066 (Grimm Hall North, second floor)
Wellness Center: (949) 214-3102 (Grimm Student Union, first floor by the mail room)
Registrar’s Office: (949) 214-3079 (Grimm Hall North, first floor)
Campus Safety: (949) 214-3000 (Admin Bldg, room 100)

*If a hold remains on your account when you arrive on campus, plan to visit the office responsible for the hold before moving into student housing or attending classes.

Office hours are M-F 8:00am - 4:30pm

6. Order Textbooks

Purchase your books needed for each class by viewing your class schedule in MyRecords and selecting "Buy Textbooks."

Frequently Asked Questions
‌
What should I bring to Spring Orientation?

If you are a residential student, make sure to bring any items you need to make your dorm room feel like home. You can find a list of recommended items here.
All students may want to bring a light jacket and comfortable shoes for walking around campus. You will be taking your ID card photo, so get ready to smile!

‌
Why should I attend Spring Orientation?

Spring Orientation is a key step in your successful transition to Concordia University Irvine. You will get to meet key people, learn about key resources, and get excited about key experiences. We have found that the students that attend orientation have an easier time adjusting to life at Concordia.

‌
What do I need to do before Spring Orientation?

Before coming to Spring Orientation, make sure to complete the Spring Orientation Checklist and New Student Checklist. You should also be sure that all of your holds are cleared. These steps will help make the check-in process very smooth upon arrival.

‌
Can my family come with me to Spring Orientation?

Yes! We would love to welcome you and your guests for the Friday portion of Spring Orientation. Please make sure to RSVP for you and your guests so we can make sure to prepare accordingly.

‌
How much does Spring Orientation cost?

All new students are charged a $200 New Student Orientation fee. This fee covers your experiences during the weekend, including meals on Friday, Concordia swag, and your ticket to Knott’s Berry Farm.

‌
I am transferring to Concordia and attended orientation at my other school, why should I go?

While we love that you have already been through an orientation experience, Concordia University Irvine is a unique institution. Our resources are different than your previous institution so Spring Orientation here is still a key experience. We want you to know all about our campus and our resources here so that you can be a successful Concordia Golden Eagle.

Have more questions? Email fye@cui.edu!
Helpful Resources
MyCUI Student Portal
Parent & Family Engagement
COVID-19 Coronavirus Communication
Housing - What to bring
Dining - Meal plan options
CU Rides - Bike rentals
CUI Bookstore - Be ready for class
Social Media Directory
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine
First-Year Experience

Phone: (949) 214-3065
Email: fye@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

