https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/first-year-experience/orientation-faqs
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

First-Year Experience

Week of Welcome (WOW) 
INT 100: Foundations
Peer Advising Leadership (PAL) 
Student Shuttle Services
Orientation FAQs
FIRST-YEAR EXPERIENCE
Orientation FAQs
‌
What is New Student Orientation?

New Student Orientation is designed to help new students transition smoothly here at Concordia University, Irvine. Connecting with the student body, learning about the campus culture, and acclimating to a new living situation are all experiences which new freshman and transfer students will have during orientation. With the help of the Peer Advising Leaders (PALs), Resident Assistants (RAs) and other support staff from various departments on campus, the events and activities make a great first impression that will stay with new students throughout their time at Concordia. Concordia offers three orientation events - fall, spring, and summer. Here at Concordia, we call our Fall New Student Orientation, WOW: Week of Welcome.

‌
What is Week of Welcome (WOW)?

Week of Welcome is our fall orientation experience for new students and their families. It kicks off on Friday, August 16th and goes through the first week of school. Events during WOW are designed to help new students meet their peers, learn about key campus resources, and prepare new students for their experience at Concordia University Irvine. Parents and families are welcome to attend events on Friday, August 16th and Saturday, August 17th. You can expect to have a lot of fun at events such as, Late Nite, Throwdown, The Hunt Field Day, the Involvement Fair, Beach Bash, SHOUT!, and More!

‌
When should I arrive for WOW?

New students will receive their check-in time to their eagles email prior to WOW. For the best possible experience, please only arrive at your assigned check-in time. You will be directed to the drive through check in at the East Lot. Resident students will then proceed to their housing assignment and commuter students will be directed to the Commuter Workshop.

‌
Why should I attend New Student Orientation?

Research indicates students who attend orientation transition more positively in college, both academically and socially. To ensure a smooth transition, we encourage you to take advantage of the opportunities and events provided. WOW is mandatory as each has been planned with a specific purpose important for your success here at Concordia. New Student Orientation is the best way to meet new people, while having a ton of fun!

‌
What if I cannot attend New Student Orientation?

You are encouraged to rearrange your vacation dates or work obligations to make attendance at New Student Orientation a priority. Start your year off right at Concordia with the foundation that orientation provides. It is critical for all new students to go through Orientation Check-in as this affects your student status. Please contact the Office of Orientation and First- Year Experience at (949) 214-3065 if you are unable to attend due to legitimate reasons.

‌
Why is there a fee for New Student Orientation?

All new students (freshman, transfers, international) are assessed a one-time mandatory New Student Orientation fee in their first semester of enrollment, in addition to tuition charges and other fees. The mandatory orientation fee covers special services, staffing, meals/refreshments, materials and programs for new students during orientation that are not covered by regular operating funds.

‌
How do I pay my New Student Orientation fee?

Your New Student Orientation fee will be assessed on your student account. You will not be required to pay the fee at orientation.

‌
Can I bring my parents and guests?

Definitely! Parents and guests are welcome to attend orientation. Parents, family, and supporters play a very important role in helping you transition as well as be successful in your college career. Refer your parents and guests to our Parent Welcome page to learn how they can be involved at Concordia and we encourage them to attend the sessions designed specifically for them. However, we ask that you are intentional about the number of cars that you bring to campus so that we can accommodate all new students and guests.

‌
If I'm coming from afar, what options do I have for hotels and transportation?

View the Hotel & Travel page to access the nearby hotels available for your parents/guests to stay at as well as directions and transportation options to the Concordia campus. In case you haven't visited our campus before, view the Campus Map to familiarize yourself with where to go upon your arrival.

‌
What is a PAL?

Peer Advising Leaders (PALs) are returning students who are eager to help you transition smoothly to Concordia. They are highly involved in orientation, both fall and spring. They are the first peer resources you meet upon your arrival on campus. Transfer students are assigned Transfer Mentors to assist with their transition. Feel free to contact them as they will be able to give you the student perspective of CUI and how to navigate it successfully.Your PAL is determined by your INT 100 section and they will be in your INT 100 class with you, so it helps to get to know them!

‌
How do I pay for tuition, check on my financial aid package, and make sure the Wellness Center has all my paperwork?

These three areas (Bursar Office, Financial Aid, and the Wellness Center) will be available at Orientation Check-in if needed to clear any holds. They are the clearance portion of your orientation. If you follow the steps to on the admitted student checklist page, you can speed up your check-in process upon arrival.

‌
How do I waive or enroll in the Concordia University, Irvine Student Health Insurance Plan?

Visit the Wellness Center's Health Insurance page for further information on how to waive or enroll in the CUI Student Health Insurance Plan online. Students who have not waived the insurance plan by the deadline will automatically be enrolled in the CUI Student Health Insurance Plan and be billed for it.

‌
What prevents me from completing the Clearance process at Check-in?

Upon your acceptance, you are responsible for completing the necessary paperwork to ensure your status as a student. If you have outstanding paperwork (which results in a Hold) when you arrive for Orientation Check-in, you will be required to meet with those offices that day. Holds that are not taken care of can result in your classes being dropped, prohibiting you from registering for classes, or having to move out of your residence hall. Visit the New Student Checklist to ensure you have completed the necessary items and have a smooth check-in process.

‌
What if I can't get cleared? Can I still attend classes? Can I move into housing?

If you are told by one of the offices at check-in that they are not able to clear you that day, please check with the RES team. They will assist you in continuing on with the process.

‌
Where do I get my student ID card?

If you submit your ID Card application form ahead of time, your ID card will be ready to pick up at Check-in the Friday of WOW. ID card pictures can be taken at the Academic Department and Campus Resource Fair on Friday of WOW or in the Campus Safety Office (Admin 103) during the first week of school. You will need your ID card to activate your meal plan. It is very important to keep this card for the entire time you attend Concordia as it serves as your library card and meal card. You will be charged for replacement ID Cards.

‌
Will I have access to the internet in my residence room?

Yes, all of the residence halls are wireless so students have access to the internet. Campus WIFI can be accessed by using your SSO login with your ENumber and password. If you encounter any network problems, you can either stop by the IT Office in Administration Building 220, email ITS@cui.edu, or call (949) 214-3175.

‌
How do I get my computer access codes?

Your computer access codes will be mailed to you upon your acceptance. These passwords give you access to Canvas, CUI network, and Web CT. You will also receive your CUI Eagles email address. All communication from the University will be sent to your Eagles email address so it is vital to check it at least once a week. To seek assistance with computer recommendations, you can contact the IT department at (949) 214-3175 or ITS@cui.edu.

‌
Where do I get my parking decal?

Complete the Parking Permit Form and submit it to the Campus Safety Office (Admin 103) to obtain your parking permit decal. Bring your driver's license and vehicle registration information. Students that wish to have a car on campus will be charged a parking fee of $150/ semester.

‌
If I do not have a vehicle on campus, how am I able to get around?

The Office of Orientation and First-Year Experience runs a shuttle system called FYExplore. There are two opportunities to get off campus each month at no cost to you- one to run errands and one to explore an Orange County Destination. You will reserve your spot on the shuttle prior to each shuttle day. You can also always rent a bike through CUActive. There are several shopping centers within walking distance if you need to run a quick errand. Feel free to use the First-Year Experience or Residence Life pages in the MyCUI app to coordinate other carpool activities.

‌
What other forms of transportation are there?

Irvine is a very bike-friendly city. For bike paths in Irvine, visit the City of Irvine official website. There are also bus stops very close to campus. For bus information in Irvine, visit the Orange County Transit Authority website.

‌
How do I get a library card?

Your student ID card acts as your library card. You will use your Canvas computer access code to access your library account and online research databases from off-campus. The library homepage to access the catalog and electronic databases is library.cui.edu.

‌
Where do I get my mailbox?

Mailboxes are available for students living on-campus. You can go to the mailroom and you will be given your mailbox number and combination. Any questions regarding the mail services at Concordia can be answered in the Mailroom. You do not need people to put your mail box number on your mail for you to receive mail.

Your on-campus mailing address is:

{Your name}
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

‌
How do I find out about my classes and classrooms?

You can check your class schedule online through MyRecords. If you are unable to access MyRecords, please contact the Registrar's Office. You will need to be completely cleared before you can receive a printed schedule.

‌
What if a course is closed?

In order to enroll in a class that is closed, students must attend the first class; request permission to add; obtain the required signatures (academic advisor, instructor or Dean/Department Chair); and submit the form to the Registrar's Office (first floor of Grimm Hall) by the deadline. It is important to complete this process early as instructors reserve the right to refuse late requests.

‌
Can I purchase my books before New Student Orientation?

Yes! You have two options. You can log in to MyRecords and view your class schedule. There will be a "Buy Textbooks" link and a list of the required books for your classes will be shown. You can then proceed to purchase those books online. The other option is to visit the CUI Founders Bookstore and view what books you need for each class and add those to your "cart." After submitting your payment online, you will be able to pick up your books when you arrive for orientation.

‌
Can I make changes to my schedule?

You will be able to make schedule changes online through MyRecords during the first week of school starting at 8am on Monday, August 19th through 4:30 pm on Friday, August 23rd. Please know that your schedule may change at any time, but you will be notified via your eagles email right away. If there is something urgent that you need to relay to the Academic Advising team, please feel free to contact your advisor.

Important Contact Information
Admissions: 949-214-3010
Bursar Office: 949-214-3073
Campus Safety: 949-214-3000
Financial Aid: 949-214-3066
First-Year Experience: 949-214- 3065 or fye@cui.edu
RES: 949-214-3052
IT: 949-214-3175
Library: 949-214-3090
Registrar: 949-214-3078
Student Success (Academic Advising, Career Services, and Disability Access Services): 949-214-3588
Wellness Center: 949-214-3102
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

