cui.edu, or call (949) 214-3175.

‌
How do I get my computer access codes?

Your computer access codes will be mailed to you upon your acceptance. These passwords give you access to Canvas, CUI network, and Web CT. You will also receive your CUI Eagles email address. All communication from the University will be sent to your Eagles email address so it is vital to check it at least once a week. To seek assistance with computer recommendations, you can contact the IT department at (949) 214-3175 or ITS@cui.edu.

‌
Where do I get my parking decal?

Complete the Parking Permit Form and submit it to the Campus Safety Office (Admin 103) to obtain your parking permit decal. Bring your driver's license and vehicle registration information. Students that wish to have a car on campus will be charged a parking fee of $150/ semester.

‌
If I do not have a vehicle on campus, how am I able to get around?

The Office of Orientation and First-Year Experience runs a shuttle system called FYExplore. There are two opportunities to get off campus each month at no cost to you- one to run errands and one to explore an Orange County Destination. You will reserve your spot on the shuttle prior to each shuttle day. You can also always rent a bike through CUActive. There are several shopping centers within walking distance if you need to run a quick errand. Feel free to use the First-Year Experience or Residence Life pages in the MyCUI app to coordinate other carpool activities.

‌
What other forms of transportation are there?

Irvine is a very bike-friendly city. For bike paths in Irvine, visit the City of Irvine official website. There are also bus stops very close to campus. For bus information in Irvine, visit the Orange County Transit Authority website.

‌
How do I get a library card?

Your student ID card acts as your library card. You will use your Canvas computer access code to access your library account and online research databases from off-campus. The library homepage to access the catalog and electronic databases is library.cui.edu.

‌
Where do I get my mailbox?

Mailboxes are available for students living on-campus. You can go to the mailroom and you will be given your mailbox number and combination. Any questions regarding the mail services at Concordia can be answered in the Mailroom. You do not need people to put your mail box number on your mail for you to receive mail.

Your on-campus mailing address is:

{Your name}
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

‌
How do I find out about my classes and classrooms?

You can check your class schedule online through MyRecords. If you are unable to access MyRecords, please contact the Registrar's Office. You will need to be completely cleared before you can receive a printed schedule.

‌
What if a course is closed?

In order to enroll in a class that is closed, students must attend the first class; request permission to add; obtain the required signatures (academic advisor, instructor or Dean/Department Chair); and submit the form to the Registrar's Office (first floor of Grimm Hall) by the deadline. It is important to complete this process early as instructors reserve the right to refuse late requests.

‌
Can I purchase my books before New Student Orientation?

Yes! You have two options. You can log in to MyRecords and view your class schedule. There will be a "Buy Textbooks" link and a list of the required books for your classes will be shown. You can then proceed to purchase those books online. The other option is to visit the CUI Founders Bookstore and view what books you need for each class and add those to your "cart." After submitting your payment online, you will be able to pick up your books when you arrive for orientation.

‌
Can I make changes to my schedule?

You will be able to make schedule changes online through MyRecords during the first week of school starting at 8am on Monday, August 19th through 4:30 pm on Friday, August 23rd. Please know that your schedule may change at any time, but you will be notified via your eagles email right away. If there is something urgent that you need to relay to the Academic Advising team, please feel free to contact your advisor.

Important Contact Information
Admissions: 949-214-3010
Bursar Office: 949-214-3073
Campus Safety: 949-214-3000
Financial Aid: 949-214-3066
First-Year Experience: 949-214- 3065 or fye@cui.edu
RES: 949-214-3052
IT: 949-214-3175
Library: 949-214-3090
Registrar: 949-214-3078
Student Success (Academic Advising, Career Services, and Disability Access Services): 949-214-3588
Wellness Center: 949-214-3102
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
Univers