https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/first-year-experience/apply-to-be-a-pal
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

First-Year Experience

Week of Welcome (WOW) 
INT 100: Foundations
Peer Advising Leadership (PAL) 
Student Shuttle Services
Apply to be a PAL
FIRST-YEAR EXPERIENCE

APPLY NOW

Application Process
Application Checklist
Complete this application.
A recommendation form must be completed (First Year Experience staff may NOT be used as references).
To verify your GPA, email a current unofficial Concordia University Irvine transcript (saved as a PDF from MyRecords to fye@cui.edu).
All pieces of the application (including signing up for an interview) time must be completed and returned no later than Friday, February 16, 2024.
Required and Important Dates

FYE Staff will be expected to be available for the following 2023 dates:

Friday, April 5th- Student Leaders Kickoff
Admitted Students' Day (Spring Semester) and CU Soon (Mid-Summer)
Early August PALs return to campus and move into dorms (if not a commuter)
Early August PAL/Student Leadership Training
August 23-25 - Week of Welcome
INT 100 Section
FYE Staff Application Timeline
Applications available at the beginning of the Spring Semester.
Applications and individual interview sign-up due on February 16th
Individual interviews will take place during February. You will be sent a link to sign up for an interview from fye@cui.edu.
Group Interview for Select FYE roles will take place during the week of February 19th
Invitation Letters sent out Friday, March 8th.
Length of Commitment

PALs commit to the FYE program from date of acceptance in the spring semester through the Summer and the end of the Fall Semester.

Training Timeline
Spring Semester:
PALs participate in one training session during the spring semester.
Serve as Concordia Ambassadors for Admitted Students' Day
Find out PAL Pairings for the Fall Semester
Summer
PALs return for CU Soon Training mid-summer
PALs send new student emails to their WOW team
Fall Semester:
PALs arrive to campus two weeks prior to classes starting to participate in Student Leadership Training and WOW!
PALs participate in their INT 100 section and biweekly PAL WOWs
Fall Orientation

PALs will lead a group, either comprised of freshmen or transfer students, and will host various activities and events designed to help new students connect with one another and develop a sense of belonging on campus.

INT 105: Leadership Course

All student leaders enroll in INT 105: Leadership, a 3-unit course to help students grow their understanding of leadership development. Once this class has been completed, student leaders do not have to take this course again.

You can read more about the specific roles and responsibilities within the Office of Orientation and First-Year Experience on the Peer Advising Leaders (PALs) web page.

APPLY NOW

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

