https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/residential-education-services/student-shuttle-service
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of Residential Life

Get to Know Your Staff
Housing
Residence Halls
Current Students
FYExplore
A New Student Shuttle Experience

Join the Office of Orientation and First-Year Experience for FYExplore. We know that not everyone is coming to Concordia with a car, so we want to provide you with ways to get off campus. FYExplore offers monthly rides for students to get off campus to run errands. This service is free for students! FYExplore runs during the fall semester on select dates. See below for the Fall 2024 schedule.

Reserve your ride by emailing fye@cui.edu. All rides require advance reservation and are on a first-come, first-served basis.

If you want to get off campus in between FYExplore dates, you can always rent out a bike through CU Active.

Fall 2024 FYExplore Shuttle Schedule:
W.O.W. Sunday, August 18 - Local Lutheran Churches, Irvine Spectrum, UTC, and Corona Del Mar Beach
Wednesday, September 17 - Angels Game (tickets must be purchased from the Office of Orientation and First-Year Experience)
Saturday, September 28 - Irvine Spectrum, UTC, and Corona Del Mar Beach
Saturday, October 26 - Irvine Spectrum, UTC, and Corona Del Mar Beach
Friday, November 22 - Thanksgiving Break Shuttle- John Wayne Airport and Irvine Train Station
Friday, December 13 - Christmas Break Shuttle- John Wayne Airport and Irvine Train Station

*Space is limited.

Please call or email our office for more information at 949-214-3065 or fye@cui.edu. We are located in the CSLD.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

