https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/career-services/about
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Career & Vocation
About
College Corps
Students 
Employers/Recruiters
Faculty/Staff
Job Search 
Contact 
Access Handshake
ABOUT
Center for Career & Vocation
Meet Our Staff
Mariah Lucas
Director of Career Development & Vocation

949-214-3595 | mariah.lucas@cui.edu | Book an Appointment

Mariah graduated from Concordia University Irvine with a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology in 2015. she received her Masters of Science in Psychology with an Emphasis in Life Coaching. Her career journey at Concordia began in graduate Academic Advising. Since 2020, she has worked as the Director of Career Development and Vocation, overseeing the Career Studio and the College Corps Fellowship. Mariah has certifications in Life Design through Stanford University, Enneagram Coaching, and is a Nationally Certified Online Profile Expert. She is passionate about serving and developing students to discover their calling and persist towards graduation. Mariah takes a holistic approach to career development by challenging students to look at all areas of their life to identify values, strengths, and areas of growth.

Erin Komin, M. Ed.
Assistant Director of Career Development & Vocation

949-214-3047 | erin.komin@cui.edu | Book an Appointment

Erin Komin M. Ed. is the Assistant Director of Career Development, as well as an adjunct professor at Concordia University Irvine. She completed her Bachelor’s degree at Concordia University Wisconsin and her Master's degree at Arizona State University. Erin has served at Concordia University Irvine for 5 years in the Department of Student Affairs. Her career in higher education began in the Office of First Year Experience serving student leaders, WINGS and First Generation Students, and continued in the Office of Residence Life serving student leaders and our residential community. As a first generation student herself, Erin has a huge heart for coming alongside students during their transition to college life. Erin is looking forward to empowering students to identify their God given gifts , and holistically develop their vocations as they pursue graduation.

Jennifer Sheek
College Corps Coordinator

949-214-3044 | jennifer.pfrogner@cui.edu | Book an Appointment

Jennifer graduated with honors from Concordia University Irvine with a degree in Christian Education Leadership. While working for the Lutheran Bible Institute in California in various roles, she also earned an additional degree in Biblical Studies. Jennifer has served youth in the Lutheran church, which has allowed her to move to Denmark. Jennifer has accepted her calling to serve others through ministerial duties. Jennifer has returned to California to work at Concordia and serves students as the College Corps Coordinator. In her free time, Jenny enjoys volunteering and serving as a consultant, teacher, and preacher for various Christian ministries. Otherwise, you can find her spending time on the beach, drinking a chai tea latte or Diet Coke, playing music, running, enjoying time with her church family, or visiting those near and dear to her heart in Denmark.

Center for Career & Vocation
Hours and Location

Located in the Shroeder Library & Learning Commons, First Floor
Open 8:30am - 4:00pm Monday - Friday
949-214-3061
careercenter@cui.edu

Our Mission

The Center for Career and Vocation supports the mission of Concordia University Irvine by helping undergraduate students discover their calling and vocation, create a roadmap toward career readiness, and maximize employability.

For I know the plans I have for you," declares the Lord, "plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.

Jeremiah 29:11

Now there are varieties of gifts, but the same Spirit; and there are varieties of service, but the same Lord; and there are varieties of working, but it is the same God who inspires them all in everyone.

1 Corinthians 12:4-6

Concordia’s Mission

Concordia University Irvine, a comprehensive Lutheran Christian university guided by Christ’s Great Commission, develops wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens to serve society and the church.

About Concordia

Concordia University Irvine prepares students for their vocations—their various callings in life. Concordia Univeristy Irvine offers undergraduate, graduate, and online bachelor's degrees in a beautiful Southern California location, with online and regional cohort options. Concordia’s undergraduate program is distinctive among universities in California because of its nationally recognized Enduring Questions & Ideas (Q&I) Core program, and its Lutheran heritage that provides a thoughtful and caring Christian community that lives out the theology of "Grace Alone. Faith Alone."

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

