https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/career-services/career-branding-on-social
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Career & Vocation
About
College Corps
Students 
Employers/Recruiters
Faculty/Staff
Job Search 
Contact 
Access Handshake
CAREER BRANDING ON SOCIAL
Center for Career & Vocation
Branding Yourself on Social
Build Your LinkedIn Profile

Article | Building a Great Student Profile

Photo
Use a professional photo and if possible, place yourself in a field-appropriate context.

Title
Describe yourself and indicate if you are actively job hunting

Summary
Your professional bio. Tell your story and what you are seeking. Make it short and concise.

Experience
Be thorough and include accomplishments that don't fit in the resume. Suggested connections will be made based on your past experience and education.

Education
List the college you attended, and include community college if appropriate.

Organizations
Add activities, groups, leadership groups and clubs that you participated in during your college years

Groups
Join groups that match your brand. Participate in and post your own discussions to engage with others and build a presence.

Recommendations
Request strong recommendations from your contacts. Aim for one per experience, preferably from direct supervisors.

URL
Customize your auto-generated URL. Promote your profile by adding your URL to your signature line, business card, and resume.

LINKEDIN PROFILE CHECKLIST

Build Your Network

Connect with family, friends, professors, Career Development staff, bosses, coaches - everyone you know! Always send a personalized note.

Personalized requests by writing personalized connection requests by checking their contact settings first and indicate why you want to connect with them.

Address book upload your address book from your email accounts but make sure to connect only with people you know.

Join groups join alumni, university, or other industry groups and participate in the groups to expand your network.

Look up people you meet in person and connect with them.

Job Search

Job position determine what kind of position you want by viewing LinkedIn profiles.

Job tab once you know, click the jobs tab and enter the term to search for jobs advertised on LinkedIn. It will also suggest jobs that match your skills and inter

Follow search and follow companies of interest by checking for new openings and seeing the trends and charts. See where people worked before and after those companies -- to get more prospects.

Apply apply through LinkedIn. Your profile will be attached to your application.

Research do your homework before an interview. Research the company and people interviewing you on LinkedIn. This will give you an edge over those less prepared.

4-Year Roadmap
Steps to Take Each Year in Order to Become Career-Ready

LEARN MORE

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

