https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/career-services/gain-experience
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Career & Vocation
About
College Corps
Students 
Employers/Recruiters
Faculty/Staff
Job Search 
Contact 
Access Handshake
GAIN EXPERIENCE
Center for Career & Vocation

Co-curricular learning and experiential learning opportunities provide students a space to learn desirable employability skills such as teamwork, collaboration, problem-solving, adaptability, and leadership. Concordia offers a variety of learning opportunities for students to gain these skills through experiences.

Work Experience
On-campus Employment

The primary objective of student employment is to enhance the students’ education by nurturing strong work habits and Christian ethics. Part of Concordia’s mission is to empower students to become individuals of lifelong learning and service. This takes place in the workplace as much as it does in the classroom. The objective of the student employee is to afford the best and most effective efforts on the job, develop good work habits, and to be of service. Students often gain essential office and customer service skills through on-campus employment opportunities.

Internships

Internships are opportunities to gain practical work experience in a variety of fields. Here are just some advantages an internship offers:

Internships serve as a link between college and work
Investigate and experience the organization’s culture
Develop and identify career-related and transferable skills
Internships allow you to network and meet people within your field
According to a recent Job Report from the National Association of Colleges and Employers, 80.9% of new college hires had either a co-op or internship experience.
Campus Involvement

Studies show that student involvement has a positive impact on critical thinking and contributes to student success in college. “Students involved in co-curricular activities are 51% better at working in teams and at developing interpersonal relationships than their uninvolved counterparts” (Modernson & Woosley, 2014).

Modernson, K., & Woosley, S. (2014). Involvement, leadership, and learning: Using data stories to communicate value. The Bulletin of the Association of College Unions International, 82(3), 12-17.

Develop employability skills through the following activities:

Clubs & Organizations
Verbal communication (presentations, leading meetings, motivational speeches, impromptu speaking)
Teamwork
Decision making & problem solving
Workflow planning (time management, prioritizing work, planninging, organizing, succession planning)

Learn More about Clubs & Organizations »

Student Government (ASCUI)
Verbal communication (campaigns, formation of arguments, presentations, committee membership)
Teamwork (committees and rounds, conflict management
Decision making & problem solving (advocacy, representation, understanding of personal bias, Robert’s Rules of Order
Workflow planning (weekly meetings, office hours, project management, delegation)
Quantitative analysis (present and interpret data, proposal approvals)
Writing & editing reports
Computer software (database management, shared networks, social media management, presentation, budget management)

Learn More about Student Government (ASCUI) »

Intramural Sports
Verbal communication (create game plans and practice schedules, interpret rules)
Workflow planning (prioritization, operational planning and scheduling, group exercise routines)
Teamwork (establish rapport, recruitment and selection of teammates, set goals)

Learn More about Intramural Sports »

Student Leadership
Verbal communication (interpersonal, facilitate small group discussion, presentation
Teamwork (relationship building, conflict management, commitment, accountability, trust
Decision making & problem solving
Workflowing planning (organization, event execution, succession planning)
Quantitative analysis (budget management and balance, calculate hours, estimate expenses, program assessment and evaluation)
Technology (social media management, budget management, event planning software, project management, digital collaboration, calendar management)

Learn More about Student Leadership »

Service & Community Engagement (Concordia Cares)
Teamwork (conflict resolution, interpersonal, collaboration
Adaptability

Learn More about Service & Community Engagement »

Peck, A. (2017). Engagement and employability: integrating career learning through cocurricular experiences in postsecondary education. Washington D.C.: NASPA-Student Affairs Administrators in Higher Education.

How to get involved:
Join a club or start a new club as a leader
Learn about student leadership and apply in January to be a student leader
Sign up to volunteer with Concordia Cares or Heritage Garden
Attend campus events
Study Abroad

Global experiences are extremely valuable to students to prepare them for working in a 