https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/philosophy
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Philosophy Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Philosophy Minor
CHRIST COLLEGE
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
PHILOSOPHY MINOR
18 Units
CPHI 101: Introduction to Philosophy
3

This course will explore the study and practice of rational inquiry into fundamental questions about human wisdom, action, and creativity through the study of the traditions of Western philosophy through classic texts. Co-requisite: CMTH 101; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CPHI 101 as an unlinked course.


CPHI 200: Introduction to Philosophical Inquiry
3

Examines topics related to the enduring question "What does it mean to be human?" through the lens of selected medieval and modern philosophers. Special attention will be given to argument analysis, evaluation, and construction. Topics may include the nature of body and soul, free will, personal identity, moral and intellectual virtues, and the like. Co-requisite: CTHL 200; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CPHI 200 as an unlinked course.


Choose four of the following courses
PHI 211: Philosophical Ethics
3

This introductory course to philosophy through the examination of major traditions of ethical reflection in the history of philosophy such as Socrates, Plato, Aristotle, Kant, and Mill.

PHI 433: Philosophy of Religion
3

This introductory course to the issues of the philosophy of religion including epistemological method, the classical proofs for God's existence, determinism, free will, religious experience, faith and reason, and the problem of evil. Prerequisites: (CTHL 101 or CTHL 200) and (CPHI 101 or CPHI 200) or consent of instructor.

PHI 439: Analytic Philosophy
3

This course will introduce contemporary Western philosophy including 19th century background, the “early” and “later” Wittgenstein, G.E. Moore, B. Russell, and the “ordinary language” movement. References to Christian respondents to the practitioners of this style of philosophy will also be examined. Prerequisite: CPHI 101 or CPHI 200 or PHI 211.

PHI 467: Bioethics and Healthcare Professions
3

This course will examine the ethical issues raised by modern advances in health care and biological research. Attention will be given to the language of bioethics, important philosophical and theological approaches, and socio-cultural implications. Special foci may include clinical nursing ethics, business ethics in a healthcare context, or other topics as appropriate. Prerequisite: CTHL 101 or CTHL 200 or THL 202 or NTHL 101 or NTHL 202.

PHI 491: Special Topics
3

This seminar course will focus on philosophical topics which will vary with each offering.

SCI 455: History and Philosophy of Science
3

This course will introduce the philosophic nature of science with a literary review of philosophic issues associated with the epistemological and historical development of science starting with ancient Greece through today. Cross listed with HST 455. Prerequisite: CBIO 101 or consent of instructor. Typically offered every spring semester.


THL 430: Christian Apologetics
3

The relationship of the Christian faith to the major philosophies and ideologies that conflict with Christianity will be evaluated from the 2nd century to the present in this course. Prerequisite: Junior or senior standing or consent of instructor.


THL 465: Christians and Ethics
3

Through an exploration of morality and ethics in light of what Scripture teaches, this course will orient students to the main approaches, both traditional and contemporary, of non-biblical philosophical ethics as they learn how the Christian faith interacts with these approaches. The significance of the Lutheran confessional distinction between God's left and right hand rule will also be explored. Student research and presentations on contemporary ethical issues are usually included. Prerequisite: (CTHL 101 or CTHL 200) and junior standing, or consent of instructor.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

Get Started