erees and don't fret if you're a nontraditional student or one who seeks entry to graduate school several years after graduating from college.

Source: Kuther, Tara, Ph.D. (2020, February 11). How to Get a Recommendation Letter for Graduate School. Retrieved from thoughtco.com.

How to Ask

The Best Ways to Ask for a Recommendation Letter There are plenty of do's and don'ts for obtaining the best recommendation letter possible but how you make the initial request is often most important. Do the following three things when bringing up the topic of a letter.

Ask in person: Asking for any favor by email is impersonal and this is a very big favor. Do your professor the courtesy of formally making your request.

Make an appointment: Arrange an appointment and explain that you wish to discuss your plans for applying to graduate school. This gives your professor time to consider whether they feel able to help you by writing a letter before the meeting even happens.

Give plenty of advance notice: Ask for the letter as far in advance as possible and don't spring its deadline on a faculty member at the last minute. Tell your professor the due date ahead of time so they can make an informed decision about whether they can follow through.

Once you have done all of these things, be prepared to discuss why you believe the chosen faculty member is a good candidate to write the letter of your behalf. Your professor will want to know why you value their perspective in particular before making their decision about whether to help. If they agree to writing the letter, move forward with the process by giving them what they need.

Always take "no" for an answer and don't make a professor repeat it. If a faculty member declines to write your letter, they probably have a good reason and you shouldn't push. Similarly, if a professor seems hesitant but agrees, consider asking someone else. A lukewarm letter of recommendation can be worse than no letter at all.

Source: Kuther, Tara, Ph.D. (2020, February 11). Dos and Don'ts for Requesting a Grad School Recommendation Letter. Retrieved from thoughtco.com

Show Appreciation

Write a thank-you note for the time and effort that the faculty/staff member put into writing on your behalf. Follow up and share the status of your application and when you are accepted. They will want to know and celebrate your accomplishments!

Apply

Sample Application Tracking Form

Use a system such as an application tracking form to stay on top of application requirements, fees, website link, deadlines, and checking off when everything has been completed.

Acceptance

Article | How to Write a Great Graduate School Acceptance Letter

Financial Aid

Article | Sallie Mae Tips for Paying for Graduate School
Search for Scholarships
Find a Fellowship

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

