eptance
Research
Programs

Gather information on programs of interest to you. Check out some of these websites:

Gradschools.com Browse programs by major, type of degree, online, location, or college.
Petersons.com Discover what school is right for you, test preparation, scholarship search, and other resources
USnews.com Find the best grad schools with access to school rankings, school data, and helpful advice
Specific programs
MBA
Requirements + Admissions
Accreditation
Rankings
Medical Schools
Requirements
Admissions
Rankings
Applications
Health Sciences
Dental
Kinesiology
Nursing
Physical/Occupational Therapy
Physician Assistant
Law Schools
ABA approved schools
Applications
Application Process Infographic
Requirements + Admissions
Psychology
Rankings
International
Social Work
Prepare
Graduate School Tests
DAT | Dental Admission Test
Preparation Materials
Registration Fee $475
Testing Dates
GMAT | Graduate Management Admission Test
GRE | General Test
GRE | Subject Tests
LSAT | Law School Admission Test
MCAT | Medical College Admission Test
OAT | Optometry Admission Test
VSR | Veterinary School Requirements
Test Preparation

UCI Test Prep Courses
Kaplan Test Prep
LSAT | MCAT | NCLEX-RN - Khan Academy
My GRE Tutor DAT | GRE | GMAT | LSAT | MCAT | OAT - Princeton Review

Personal Statement

Article | How to Write Your Personal Statement for Graduate School

Article | How to Write a Successful Personal Statement for Graduate School

Purpose

The personal statement is an opportunity for you to present your qualifications and reasons for choosing a particular graduate or professional school. Your statement should persuade the selection committee that you will be successful in their program and have the potential to contribute to the profession.

What makes a good personal statement?

The following elements should be included in your statement:

A few authentic facts about yourself as an individual
Academic achievements
Experience as it relates to the graduate program/profession
Any academic, personal or life experiences that led you to choose this program
Why you are interested in this particular graduate/professional school
Future goals
Writing Process Strategies

Article | How to Get a Recommendation Letter for Graduate School

Article | Details to Give Recommendation Letter Writers

Purpose

The letter of recommendation is the part of the graduate school application that students stress most over. As with all elements of the application process, your first step is to be sure that you understand what you’re asking for. Learn about letters of recommendation early, well before it is time to apply to graduate school.

What Is a Recommendation Letter?

A letter of recommendation is a letter written on your behalf, typically from an undergrad faculty member, that recommends you as a good candidate for graduate study. All graduate admissions committees require that letters of recommendation accompany students’ applications. Most require three. How do you do about getting a letter of recommendation, specifically a good letter of recommendation?

Who to Ask
Prep Work: Develop Relationships with Faculty

Begin thinking about letters of recommendation as soon as you think you'd like to apply to graduate school because developing the relationships that are the foundation of good letters takes time. In all honesty, the best students seek to get to know professors and get involved regardless of whether they are interested in graduate study simply because it's a good learning experience. Also, graduates will always need recommendations for jobs, even if they don't go to graduate school. Seek experiences that will help you develop relationships with faculty that will get you excellent letters and help you learn about your field.

Choose Faculty to Write on Your Behalf

Carefully choose your letter writers, keeping in mind that admissions committees seek letters from specific types of professionals. Learn about what qualities to look for in referees and don't fret if you're a nontraditional student or one who seeks entry to graduate school several years after graduating from college.

Source: Kuther, Tara, Ph.D. (2020, February 11). How to Get a Recommendation Letter for Graduate School. Retrieved from thoughtco.com.

How to Ask

The Best Ways to Ask for a Recommendation Letter There are plenty of do's and don'ts for obtaining the best recommendation letter possible but how you make the initial request is often most important. Do the following three things when bringing up the topic of a letter.

Ask in person: Asking for any favor by email is impersonal and this is a very big favor. Do your professor the courtesy of formally making your request.

Make an appointment: Arrange an appointment and explain that you wish to discuss your plans for applying to graduate school. This gives your professor time to consider whether they feel able to help you by writing a letter before the meeting even happens.

Give plenty of advance no