https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/career-services/apply-to-grad-school
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Career & Vocation
About
College Corps
Students 
Employers/Recruiters
Faculty/Staff
Job Search 
Contact 
Access Handshake
GRAD SCHOOL PLANNING
Center for Career & Vocation
Planning

Grad school might look like a safe haven when the economy is tough, but you’ll find that there’s a lot to consider before making this leap: finances, timing, motivation, the application process, job placement rates, and more. Read below to find out what you need to do to get ready and when you need to do it to make a successful transition from college to graduate and professional school.

Questions to consider:

Is graduate school required to achieve your long term professional goal?
Has obtaining an advanced degree been a life-long goal?
Will earning an advanced degree open more opportunities and be a great investment in the long term?

Article | How to Choose a Grad School

Timeline
‌
Two to Three Years Before Applying

Sophomore or Junior Year

It’s never too early to start brainstorming!
Meet with a Career Coach to talk about your interests and career goals.
Connect with faculty in your major to discuss options and areas to consider.
‌
One Year Before Applying

Junior Year

Solidify what area of study you would like to pursue.
Speak with advisers, professors, and career counselors about your interest in graduate school. Seek out advice and suggestions. Remember, you’ll be reaching out to your faculty for letters of recommendation. The better they understand your interest in graduate school, the stronger a recommendation they’ll be able to write.
Research institutions and programs.
Contact schools and visit their admissions sites for application forms, application deadlines, course listings, and financial aid information.
Gather information about financial aid: scholarships, fellowships, and graduate and teaching assistantships.
Register and prepare for any necessary graduate admissions tests, such as the GRE, LSAT, GMAT, or MCAT. Medical and law school applicants will need to register for national application services: AMCAS for medical school and LSDAS for law school.
‌
The Summer Before Applying
Take required graduate admissions tests.
Continue gathering admissions, program, and funding information.
Visit prospective schools, if appropriate, and talk to admissions staff, current students, and faculty.
Draft application essays/personal statement and set up an appointment with the Writing Studio to review your essay/personal statement. Revise, revise, revise!
‌
The Semester You're Applying

Senior Year

Take required graduate admissions tests if you haven’t already.
Request letters of recommendation from faculty and supervisors who know your work. Try to ask at least one month before the deadline and provide them with information about the program you are applying for and why you want to attend.
Based on the school requirements, gather and submit your application, including admissions test reports, official transcript, letters of recommendation, and application essays.
Complete necessary financial aid applications such as the FAFSA, as well as scholarship and fellowship applications.
‌
After You've Applied
Find out if admissions interviews are part of the application process.
Once you receive admissions decisions, consider visiting institutions or speaking with faculty and current students if you haven’t already. Reach out to your support system for help evaluating your options.
Form a contingency plan in case you aren’t accepted to any programs. This might include working, interning, volunteering, or taking relevant courses.
Once you’ve made the decision to attend a program, notify the other institutions you are still waiting to hear from of your plans.
Send thank-you letters to your recommendation writers, letting them know your plans.
Research
Prepare
Apply
Acceptance
Research
Programs

Gather information on programs of interest to you. Check out some of these websites:

Gradschools.com Browse programs by major, type of degree, online, location, or college.
Petersons.com Discover what school is right for you, test preparation, scholarship search, and other resources
USnews.com Find the best grad schools with access to school rankings, school data, and helpful advice
Specific programs
MBA
Requirements + Admissions
Accreditation
Rankings
Medical Schools
Requirements
Admissions
Rankings
Applications
Health Sciences
Dental
Kinesiology
Nursing
Physical/Occupational Therapy
Physician Assistant
Law Schools
ABA approved schools
Applications
Application Process Infographic
Requirements + Admissions
Psychology
Rankings
International
Social Work
Prepare
Graduate School Tests
DAT | Dental Admission Test
Preparation Materials
Registration Fee $475
Testing Dates
GMAT | Graduate Management Admission Test
GRE | General Test
GRE | Subject Tests
LSAT | Law Sc