https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/career-services/faculty-and-staff
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Career & Vocation
About
College Corps
Students 
Employers/Recruiters
Faculty/Staff
Job Search 
Contact 
Access Handshake
FACULTY / STAFF
Center for Career & Vocation

The Career Center partners with faculty and staff to provide an array of career-related services based on the shared goal of student success. This collaboration supports the student transition from college to career.

Here are a few resources and opportunities provided by the Career Center to help you meet the career readiness and job search needs of your students:

Classroom Presentations
Hire a Student Employee
Handshake
Recommendation Letter
Classroom Presentations

CUI faculty, staff, and student organizations may use this form to request a Career presentation.

Career Center staff are available to make presentations to campus groups (including classes and student organizations) on a wide variety of career planning and job search topics, including deciding on a major, career exploration, resume writing, LinkedIn profile, interviewing, job search strategies, etc.

Requests must be submitted at least 3 weeks prior to the anticipated workshop date.

You may request a presentation by completing the form. When you have completed the form, select "Submit" to forward the information to the Career Center staff You will be contacted within 3 business days to discuss your workshop request.

All fields are required. If you have any concerns or questions, please contact careercenter@cui.edu

PRESENTATION REQUEST FORM

Hire a Student Employee

The primary objective of student employment is to enhance the students’ education by nurturing strong work habits and Christian ethics. Part of Concordia’s mission is to empower students to become individuals of lifelong learning and service. This takes place in the workplace as much as it does in the classroom. The objective of the student employee is to afford the best and most effective efforts on the job, develop good work habits, and to be of service. The Career Center and Human Resources have joined forces in the development of Student On-Campus Employment. The goals of the program are to:

provide students the opportunity to gain valuable work experience while earning income to offset the costs of Higher Education
provide departments with the opportunity to utilize the skills and abilities of CUI students and strengthen students’ employment potential upon graduation
Student Employment as Career Development

Students gain valuable work experience and transferable skills for their future careers. To enhance the on-campus work experience for students, it is helpful for supervisors to mentor and develop students as professionals. Below are some resources to share, discuss and challenge your student employees.

Professional Development Bucketlist
Meeting versus Exceeding Expectations
Managing Student Conflict in the Workplace
Career Readiness
Hiring Process
Overview
How to Write a Job Description
Article | Job Descriptions
Job Description | Template
Handshake
CUI Steps To Post Job on Handshake
Article | Handshake How to Post a Job
Article | Manage Applicants
Handshake
About

Handshake is Concordia Irvine’s online job and internship career hub for our students and alumni. Employers can use Handshake to post jobs and internships, as well as register for recruiting events such as Career Fairs, Summer Camp and Ministry Fairs, and Employer Panels. Students and Alumni can search for career-related events, job/internship posts (including on-campus student employment, off-campus part-time and full-time positions, and internships).

How to Help a Student Searching for a Job

First, ask if the student has updated their Handshake profile and made it public.

Completing the profile and keeping it up-to-date is absolutely critical to a student’s success in getting hired on Handshake. The information in the student’s profile helps them receive the most relevant job recommendations and helps employers find students when they’re searching for job candidates.

Students can update the Interests section of the profile including:

Job type: select part-time job, full-time job, or internship. Students can select more than one job type, and Handshake will share recommendations for each.
Cities: choose the places that they would like to work in or near.
Roles: select at least three job roles that are of interest. There are dozens of job role pages on Handshake that can help students learn more about popular career paths.

It’s also important to add new courses, work experience, organizations, and skills as you go. The more information students include in their profile, the better their chances are of getting proactive messages from recruiters!

Industry Contacts + Employer Leads

If an employer or community member contacts you about a student job opportunity, please encourage the employer to post the position on Handshake. This will help create a win-win situation for our students and the employer: maximizing the number of Concordia Irvine students who are seeking employment and work experience while also ensuring the employer has a wider applicant pool.

ACCESS HANDSHAKE

Recommendation Letter

Often students look to supervisors, mentors, and professors for a recommendation letter either for graduate school, fellowship, or a job opportunity. When writing a recommendation letter you want to help the student stand out but also be honest about your evaluation of the student.

Article | How to Write a Grad School Recommendation Letter
Article | Graduate School Recommendation Letter Sample

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

