hired on Handshake. The information in the student’s profile helps them receive the most relevant job recommendations and helps employers find students when they’re searching for job candidates.

Students can update the Interests section of the profile including:

Job type: select part-time job, full-time job, or internship. Students can select more than one job type, and Handshake will share recommendations for each.
Cities: choose the places that they would like to work in or near.
Roles: select at least three job roles that are of interest. There are dozens of job role pages on Handshake that can help students learn more about popular career paths.

It’s also important to add new courses, work experience, organizations, and skills as you go. The more information students include in their profile, the better their chances are of getting proactive messages from recruiters!

Industry Contacts + Employer Leads

If an employer or community member contacts you about a student job opportunity, please encourage the employer to post the position on Handshake. This will help create a win-win situation for our students and the employer: maximizing the number of Concordia Irvine students who are seeking employment and work experience while also ensuring the employer has a wider applicant pool.

ACCESS HANDSHAKE

Recommendation Letter

Often students look to supervisors, mentors, and professors for a recommendation letter either for graduate school, fellowship, or a job opportunity. When writing a recommendation letter you want to help the student stand out but also be honest about your evaluation of the student.

Article | How to Write a Grad School Recommendation Letter
Article | Graduate School Recommendation Letter Sample

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

