https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/career-services/job-search
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Career & Vocation
About
College Corps
Students 
Employers/Recruiters
Faculty/Staff
Job Search 
Contact 
Access Handshake
JOB SEARCH
Center for Career & Vocation

Grades are only a part of a student's self-marketing package. Employers also value experience outside the classroom. By pursuing part-time jobs, internships, volunteer experience, and extracurricular activities, students will learn more about themselves while building their resumes!

On-Campus Jobs

The primary objective of student employment is to enhance the students’ education by nurturing strong work habits and Christian ethics.

LEARN MORE »
Internships

Internships are opportunities to gain practical work experience in a variety of fields.

LEARN MORE »
Networking

Networking is a vital part of career development and job hunting. Simply stated, it is the art of actively getting to know people.

LEARN MORE »
Interviewing

An interview provides you the opportunity to articulate your experience in a way that is meaningful to a prospective employer.

LEARN MORE »
Salary Negotiations

Explore tips for first-time salary negotiations, uncertainty, raise/promotion negotiations, and new job offer negotiations.

LEARN MORE »
Success on the Job

Your first year on the job is a great opportunity to learn more about yourself, assess your strengths and weaknesses, and start devising a long-term career path.

LEARN MORE »
Federal & State Jobs

There are roughly 2 million civilian government jobs at more than 120 federal departments and agencies, not including the U.S. Postal Service. These jobs are available in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, all U.S. territories, and more than 140 foreign countries worldwide.

LEARN MORE »
Job Scams

Not all employment opportunities are legitimate. Some organizations may pose as potential employers to collect personal information from or to defraud job seekers. Learn the warning signs.

LEARN MORE »
Meet Your Career Coach

Work with a Career Coach on all stages of your career development, from choosing a major to preparing career documents and mock interviews. They are here to help.

SCHEDULE AN APPOINTMENT

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

