https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/career-services/federal-and-state-jobs
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Career & Vocation
About
College Corps
Students 
Employers/Recruiters
Faculty/Staff
Job Search 
Contact 
Access Handshake
FEDERAL & STATE JOBS
Center for Career & Vocation
Learn the Basics
What do we mean by federal jobs?

Among the legislative, judicial, and executive branches of the federal government, the opportunities for employment are vast. Politicians and legislative staff, civil servants, and members of the armed forces are all considered federal employees. There are many ways to work in the federal government, but this website largely focuses on full-time career civil-service employment within the 15 executive branch departments, which make up the cabinet and numerous independent agencies and government corporations.

There are roughly 2 million civilian government jobs at more than 120 federal departments and agencies, not including the U.S. Postal Service. These jobs are available in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, all U.S. territories, and more than 140 foreign countries worldwide.

Pros and Cons of Working in Government
Health, Retirement and Other Benefits
Student Loan Forgiveness
Career Guides
Where to Find State Jobs + Internships

Want to work for the state or federal government? There are many jobs and internships at the city, county, or state level that allow you to make a difference or simply learn more through an internship.

Federal Jobs
usajobs.gov
Careers State by State: One-Stop Centers
Intern for California Senators
Click on a Senator’s homepage to access internship opportunities
Work or Intern for California Assembly Members
Click on an Assembly Member’s homepage to access internship opportunities
California Capital Fellowship Program
Pathways Program
Federal Agencies
Department of State
Central Intelligence Agency
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Department of Homeland Security
Department of Justice
Department of Veteran Affairs
Military Branches
US Army
Officer Candidate School
Chaplain Candidate Program
US Marine Corps
Officer Candidate School
USMC chaplains are Navy
US Navy
Officer Candidate School
Naval Nurse Candidate Program
Navy Chaplain Program
US Air Force
Officer Training School
Careers
US Coast Guard
Officer Candidate School
USCG chaplains are Navy
How to Create a Federal Resume
Key Components
Know the Difference between Federal and Corporate Resumes
Sample Federal Resumes
Veterans Resource Center

Our dedicated staff is here to help Veterans, their spouses, and their dependents navigate their benefits for undergraduate, graduate, and certificate programs. We also understand the challenges facing students who are working professionals. Concordia University Irvine's  programs are designed to offer flexibility. Whether earning your degree fully online or choosing blended instruction - combining traditional classroom instruction with online learning - the faculty and staff at Concordia will support you from day one to graduation.

LEARN MORE

Veterans Resources

Veterans Preference | California Veterans Preference
Federal Employment Process
Special hiring Authorities for Veterans
How to Apply for a State Job as a Veteran
Veterans receive 1 year of LinkedIn Premium
Join the Concordia University Irvine Veteran LinkedIn group

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

