https://www.cui.edu/it-beta/library-databases
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Information Technology Services
About ITS
Resources
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Submit a Help Request
Library Databases
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES
What are the Library databases?

The library at Concordia offers an extensive range of online databases and resources for your research and study needs. These resources include EBSCOhost, FirstSearch, Lexis-Nexis, JSTOR, Oxford Reference Online, Oxford English Dictionary, netLibrary, Naxos, and EBSCO A-to-Z. All of these resources are available to our students but require a valid student ID and password in order for you to access them.

How do you log in?

Links to the library resources can be found at MyCUI or you may visit the Library. If you are on campus, you will not need to enter a name and password in order to log in. From off-campus, you will need to enter your Student ID and password. On the EZproxy page, type your Student ID in the E# field, and then type the same password that you use for your Eagles email and Blackboard into the password field.

What if you cannot log in?

If you are having problems logging in to the library databases, make sure you have activated your account on the self-service password management website. You will NOT be able to use your temporary password to log in to any Concordia online resource. You must activate in the self-service site and change your password first. If you have already activated it, go to the self-service password management website and try resetting your password using the instructions on the website.

If this still does not work, contact IT Services via email: ITS@cui.edu or call 949.214.3175.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

