https://www.cui.edu/it-beta/myrecords
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Information Technology Services
About ITS
Resources
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Submit a Help Request
MyRecords
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES
What is MyRecords?

MyRecords is the central location for all of your personal information regarding your education at Concordia. In MyRecords you will:

View and accept your Financial Aid
Register for classes
Add or drop classes
View your student bill
See your final grades
Check your schedule
View or change your personal information

You will receive emails at your official school email address when new information is available. You should log in and check MyRecords often to check for new information as well. Please make sure to check and update your MyRecords personal information when it changes.

How do you log in?

Use your Student ID as your "Username" to log in and the same password that you use for Eagles Email, Blackboard, and the library databases.

What if you cannot log in?

If you are having problems logging in to Eagles Gmail, make sure you have activated your account on the self-service password management website. You will NOT be able to use your temporary password to log in to any Concordia online resource. You must activate in the self-service site and change your password first. If you have already activated your account, go to the self-service password management website and try resetting your password using the instructions on the website. If this still does not work, contact IT Services via email: ITS@cui.edu or call 949.214.3175.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

