(firstname.lastname@cui.edu). This will forward you to our login page.

I am an adjunct professor. Do I get an email address?

All employees, including student workers, staff, full-time faculty, and adjunct faculty receive an email address. If you do not know your email, contact your supervisor for more information.

What is my employee email used for?

Employee email accounts are used as the primary means of communication for anything work-related, both inside and outside university staff and faculty.
When composing an email, a university directory of staff and faculty will automatically appear as you begin to type someone’s name.

Can I forward my employee email to another email address?

In order to maintain compliance with FERPA regulations, and to make sure that student information is kept confidential as required, our policy per the Human Resources department, the Registrar, and the Provost is that employee email may not be forwarded to any addresses outside of Concordia’s management.

I am having trouble logging into my employee email. What do I do?

On the login page, click the link to myaccount.cui.edu to reset your password. You may also type “myaccount.cui.edu” in your browser’s address bar to navigate there directly. Here you can click “Reset Password” to fill out two security questions and reset your password. Make sure to read the instructions listed on every page. If this does not work for you, or if it says that your account is not activated, please contact ITS (949-214-3175, ITS@cui.edu).

Can I set up my employee email on my smartphone?

Yes. View steps for Android or iOS. If you have any questions please contact ITS for help.

How much storage space do I get with my Email account?

You have unlimited storage space for your email as well as Google Drive.
‌
Computer System Support FAQs

Can you help me with my personal computer?

We understand that many students, staff, and faculty experience technical difficulties that need to be resolved. Due to liability concerns, we cannot perform maintenance on personal computers. We can, however, look over computers with their owners and offer recommendations, but this is the extent of what we can offer. For more information on what support we can provide, please contact ITS (949-214-3175, ITS@cui.edu).

My office computer is having a problem. How do I get help?

You can open a support ticket by emailing ITS (ITS@cui.edu).
You can fill out this form.
You can call us to speak with a technician (949-214-3175).
You can visit our office for in-person support (Administration 209).
‌
Campus Computer FAQs

How do I log into campus computers?

All students, staff, and faculty use the same ID number (E number) and password as their email to log into campus computers.

Who is allowed to use the campus computer labs?

The computer labs are only for learning, research, and instructional purposes. If you are not using them for this purpose, please be respectful and allow others to use this resource.

What can I do on computers in the labs?

Library: These computers are for research and research-related printing only. They are not for writing papers but may be used with our pay-to-print system to print assignments. Please see the library staff if you have questions about printing.
Grimm Hall Mac Lab: These computers may be used when the room is unlocked and available. A reservation schedule should be posted on the door, which you may reference for availability. When in conflict, class reservations always take priority for this lab.
Grimm Hall PC Lab: These computers may be used when the room is unlocked and available. A reservation schedule should be posted on the door, which you may reference for availability. When in conflict, class reservations always take priority for this lab. You may also use the pay-to-print system in this lab.
Please remember that all computer labs are available as a school resource. Be respectful to others who use this resource, and make sure to leave them in good condition.

What do I do if a public campus computer is having issues?

If a public campus computer is having issues, please contact ITS for assistance (949-214-3175, ITS@cui.edu). Include a detailed description of the occurring problem.
‌
Computer Lab/Library Computer FAQs

How do I print in the library or the Grimm Hall PC lab?

After logging in to a library computer with your account, you should see your pay-to-print balance pop up. If needed, you may use the cash machines to load money on your card. Please see the library staff if you have any questions about this process.

What hours will the computer labs/library computers be open for use?

Scheduling conflicts may occur since both the Grimm Hall PC lab and Grimm Hall Mac lab are utilized as classrooms during the school year. Open hours will vary, but the schedule is usually posted on the doors and updated every week.
The library computers are available for use during library hours.
‌
Printing, Fax, & Scan FAQs

I am a stud