 good condition.

What do I do if a public campus computer is having issues?

If a public campus computer is having issues, please contact ITS for assistance (949-214-3175, ITS@cui.edu). Include a detailed description of the occurring problem.
‌
Computer Lab/Library Computer FAQs

How do I print in the library or the Grimm Hall PC lab?

After logging in to a library computer with your account, you should see your pay-to-print balance pop up. If needed, you may use the cash machines to load money on your card. Please see the library staff if you have any questions about this process.

What hours will the computer labs/library computers be open for use?

Scheduling conflicts may occur since both the Grimm Hall PC lab and Grimm Hall Mac lab are utilized as classrooms during the school year. Open hours will vary, but the schedule is usually posted on the doors and updated every week.
The library computers are available for use during library hours.
‌
Printing, Fax, & Scan FAQs

I am a student. Can I have a printer in my dorm room?

Yes, but only if it is hooked up with a USB cable. Network-capable printers must have the WiFi settings disabled. This will greatly improve your computer network speeds in the dorms.

I am a student. Where can I print on campus?

Pay-to-print systems are available for students in the Grimm Hall PC lab and the library.

I am an employee. How do I connect to a printer?

Instructions on installing a printer.
Faxes sent to Concordia employees will appear in their CUI email.

I am trying to install a printer on my personal computer, but it is not working. Why is this?

University printers may only be accessed by university computers.

How do I send/receive a fax?

Instructions on setting up faxing for employees.

How do I scan a document using campus printers?

Employees should contact ITS (949-214-3175, ITS@cui.edu) in order to be added to a scanner along with being shown how to scan (this procedure may vary by device.)

Can students set up printers in their dorm rooms?

Printers connected using USB cables are allowed in the dorms, but wireless printing is not. They are known to cause interference with the connectivity and performance of the campus wireless network. We are happy to provide USB cables to those who may need one (please visit our office in Admin 209 to pick one up).

How do I pay for printing in the library or Grimm Hall PC lab?

You may pay for printing by loading money on your ID card in the library. Please speak with the library staff if you have any questions about this process.
If you have problems loading money, please contact ITS for assistance (949-214-3175, ITS@cui.edu).

Where can I have large, color, or complex print jobs fulfilled?

For complex jobs, contact the Mail & Copy center (949-214-3159, copy@cui.edu).
‌
Phone & Voicemail FAQs

How do I log into a campus phone with my extension?

You can log in as yourself on any phone on campus. Simply pick up the handset and press the voicemail system. Press # when the system answers and enter your own extension and password. Once in, press 7, 3, 1 and hang up. (You will be logged into the phone as yourself. When the time comes to log off of the phone, follow the same procedure from above but press 7, 3, 2 to log out. This will auto-log you back into the phone in your office).

How do I check my voicemail from on-campus?

From any phone on campus, pick up the handset and press the voicemail button.
If it is your office phone, enter your voicemail password and press #.
If it is a phone other than your own, when the system answers, press #, type your extension, type your voicemail password, and press #.

How do I check my voicemail from off-campus?

You can either call your phone number directly or call the main campus line and press #, then enter your phone extension, then your voicemail password, then #.

How do I set up my voicemails so they can be received by my CUI email?

Instructions on how to set up your voicemails to go to your CUI email.

How do I connect to the ShoreTel phone software?

If your ShoreTel software is not set up, start by clicking the start menu and typing “ShoreTel.” Open the program that appears. Next, type “phone.cui.edu” for the server, and type your credentials. You can now use this software to call out and control your phone. For more information, please call ITS (949-214-3175, ITS@cui.edu).

How can people call me from off-campus?

Outside callers can directly call your phone by dialing (949) 214-XXXX, where XXXX is your extension.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

