https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/title-ix/options-resources-students
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Title IX

Students
Faculty & Staff
Training & Education
How to File a Complaint
Policies
File a Complaint
Options & Resources (Students)
TITLE IX

If you have been assaulted you have options on how you can proceed. The following are resources available to support you.

I want to...
Access Concordia’s Title IX Resource Guide
Speak with someone confidentially
Notify the University and/or file an official complaint
Get emergency medical treatment and have evidence of the assault collected and preserved
File a criminal report with the police
Call an emergency hotline
Get information about community resources available to me
Access Concordia’s Title IX Resource Guide

This guide was created to describe Concordia University, Irvine’s policies and procedures regarding sexual offenses and sexual harassment. It also provides helpful information to survivors of sexual assault, intimate partner violence, and stalking, including various options and resources that are available.

Title IX Resource Guide
Speak with someone confidentially

Individuals who wish to obtain confidential assistance without making a report to the University may do so by speaking with professionals who are obligated by law to maintain confidentiality, subject to the stated terms of confidentiality of that office.

Campus Pastor
Students can meet confidentially with the Campus Pastor to receive support, crisis-intervention services, and spiritual care.
BMC 102
(949) 214-3024
Hours: Monday - Thursday 8:00 am to 3:00 pm, and Friday 8:00 am to 12:00 pm
Wellness Center
The Wellness Center counselors can provide confidential support to students in crisis. You do not need to disclose your name if you call the Wellness Center for information. Students may be seen on an emergency walk-in basis or by appointment.
First Floor of Student Union
(949) 214-3102
Hours: Monday - Friday 9:00 am to 4:00 pm
Notify the University and/or file an official complaint

A report of sexual misconduct or relationship violence can be made at any time, regardless of how much time has elapsed since the incident occurred. An official complaint to Concordia University Irvine can be made to any of the following individuals:

Megan Bouslaugh

Vice President of Student Affairs, Dean of Students
Chief Title IX Coordinator
CSLD 101
(949) 214-3057
megan.bouslaugh@cui.edu

Campus Safety

Administration Building, Suite 103
(949) 214-3000
campussafety@cui.edu

Students can also contact a Residential Director (RD) or Residential Assistant (RA) to report a violation of policy.
Get emergency medical treatment and have evidence of the assault collected and preserved

After an incident of sexual misconduct or relationship violence, the victim should consider seeking medical attention as soon as possible. In California, evidence may be collected even if you chose not to make a report to law enforcement. Medical care is usually provided by a doctor and/or a sexual assault nurse examiner (SANE) in a hospital emergency department or medical clinic. In circumstances of sexual assault, if victims do not opt for forensic evidence collection, health care providers can still treat injuries and take steps to address concerns of pregnancy and/or sexually transmitted disease.

Hoag Hospital Irvine (Emergency Room)
16200 Sand Canyon Avenue, Irvine CA 92618
(949) 764-4624
Kaiser Permanente (Emergency Room)
6640 Alton Parkway, Irvine, CA 92618
(949) 932-2800
File a criminal report with the police

Irvine Police Department (IPD)
An incident of sexual misconduct or relationship violence can be reported to the Irvine Police Department at any time, 24-hours a day/7-days. Law enforcement officials will assist you in filing an official complaint, collecting evidence, and recording statements for a criminal case.

1 Civic Center Drive, Irvine CA 92606
911 or (949) 724-7000
Call an emergency hotline
24-Hour Rape Crisis Hotline
Certified Sexual Assault Counselors are available 24-hours a day and 7 days a week to respond to clients and provide support at the hospital during forensic exams.
(714) 957-2737
24-Hour Domestic Violence Hotline
Counselors are available 24-hours a day and 7 days a week to provide assistance with domestic violence issues or information about shelters and programs.
(877) 854-3594
Get information about community resources available to me
Community Service Programs (CSP)
CSP is an Orange County-based non-profit organization that offers confidential services to victims of assault including in-person support and advocacy for victims wanting to make reports to the police and accompaniment to sexual assault forensic exams.
(714) 957-2737
Human Options
Human Options provides assistance to victims of domestic and dating violence and their families. This organization provides emergency shelter and long-term assistance for battered 