https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/title-ix/options-resources-faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Title IX

Students
Faculty & Staff
Training & Education
How to File a Complaint
Policies
File a Complaint
Options & Resources (Faculty & Staff)
TITLE IX

If you have been assaulted you have options on how you can proceed. The following are resources available to support you.

I want to...
Access Concordia’s Title IX Resource Guide
Speak with someone confidentially
Notify the University and/or file an official complaint
Get emergency medical treatment and have evidence of the assault collected and preserved
File a criminal report with the police
Call an emergency hotline
Get information about community resources available to me
Access Concordia’s Title IX Resource Guide

This guide was created to describe Concordia University, Irvine’s policies and procedures regarding sexual offenses and sexual harassment. It also provides helpful information to survivors of sexual assault, intimate partner violence, and stalking, including various options and resources that are available.

Title IX Resource Guide
Speak with someone confidentially
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
EAP is a free and confidential service that can help Concordia Health Plan members with counseling services, including relationship concerns and issues related to sex offenses. (866) 726-5267
Pastoral Support Network (PSN)
PSN offers counseling and support services to Concordia Health Plan members with a particular sensitivity to the unique issues ministers and their families may experience.
First Floor of Grimm Student Union
(888) 712-1805
Notify the University and/or file an official complaint

A report of sexual misconduct or relationship violence can be made at any time, regardless of how much time has elapsed since the incident occurred. An official complaint to Concordia University Irvine can be made to any of the following individuals:

Human Resources (Faculty and Staff)
Administration 200
949-214-3130
HR@cui.edu
Peter Senkbeil (Faculty Only)
Executive Vice President and Provost
Grimm Hall, 315
949-214-3202
peter.senkbeil@cui.edu
Campus Safety
Administration Building, Suite 103
(949) 214-3000
campussafety@cui.edu
Get emergency medical treatment and have evidence of the assault collected and preserved

After an incident of sexual misconduct or relationship violence, the victim should consider seeking medical attention as soon as possible. In California, evidence may be collected even if you chose not to make a report to law enforcement. Medical care is usually provided by a doctor and/or a sexual assault nurse examiner (SANE) in a hospital emergency department or medical clinic. In circumstances of sexual assault, if victims do not opt for forensic evidence collection, health care providers can still treat injuries and take steps to address concerns of pregnancy and/or sexually transmitted disease.

Hoag Hospital Irvine (Emergency Room)
16200 Sand Canyon Avenue, Irvine CA 92618
(949) 764-4624
Kaiser Permanente (Emergency Room)
6640 Alton Parkway, Irvine, CA 92618
(949) 932-2800
File a criminal report with the police

Irvine Police Department (IPD)
An incident of sexual misconduct or relationship violence can be reported to the Irvine Police Department at any time, 24-hours a day/7-days. Law enforcement officials will assist you in filing an official complaint, collecting evidence, and recording statements for a criminal case.

1 Civic Center Drive, Irvine CA 92606
911 or (949) 724-7000
Call an emergency hotline
24-Hour Rape Crisis Hotline
Certified Sexual Assault Counselors are available 24-hours a day and 7 days a week to respond to clients and provide support at the hospital during forensic exams.
(714) 957-2737
24-Hour Domestic Violence Hotline
Counselors are available 24-hours a day and 7 days a week to provide assistance with domestic violence issues or information about shelters and programs.
(877) 854-3594
Get information about community resources available to me
Waymakers
Waymakers is an Orange County-based non-profit organization that offers confidential services to victims of assault, including in-person support and advocacy for victims wanting to make reports to the police and accompaniment to sexual assault forensic exams.
(714) 957-2737
Human Options
Human Options provides assistance to victims of domestic and dating violence and their families. This organization provides emergency shelter and long-term assistance for battered women and children who are in a dangerous situation due to an abusive relationship.
(877) 854-3594
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia Univ