https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/title-ix/training-education
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Title IX

Students
Faculty & Staff
Training & Education
How to File a Complaint
Policies
File a Complaint
Education, Training, and Prevention
TITLE IX

Concordia University Irvine has zero-tolerance for sexual abuse and violence. The Title IX Office is committed to providing a living, learning, and working environment that promotes personal integrity and mutual respect in a setting that is free of discrimination on the basis of sex, which includes all forms of sexual misconduct.

Education: Concordia University Irvine’s Commitment to All

In support of Concordia University Irvine’s sexual harassment, stalking, and sexual violence policies, Concordia University Irvine provides the following sexual assault educational resources and awareness education to all Faculty, Staff, and Students.

Annual Title IX and sexual assault prevention education for resident directors, resident assistants, student leaders, athletes, and coaches.
Mandatory Sexual Harassment training during Orientation (WOW) for all new and transfer students.
Training all employees through the Office of Human Resources during new-hire orientation.
Distribution of information on Sexual Harassment, Domestic Violence, Dating Violence, Sexual Assault, and Stalking including information listed in the Student Code of Conduct and the Employee Handbook.
Additionally, Campus Safety provides walk-up access to the Campus Safety Office, reporting services to on-ground officers, office phone, or by Titan HST phone app, safety escorts 24/7, safety videos/ presentations (upon request).
Informational Videos
Education on Protected Classes
CUI's Title IX Investigation Process
Title IX Basic Training for Employees
Training: The Title IX Team

Concordia University Irvine will ensure that all Title IX Coordinators, investigators, and mandated responsible employees with the authority to address sexual violence are trained how to respond promptly, effectively, and appropriately to reports of sexual violence. The Title IX Team is trained through ongoing monthly meetings led by the Title IX Coordinators as well as annual trainings hosted by third-party companies.

As a part of the training of employees, Concordia University Irvine will ensure that professional counselors, pastoral counselors, and nonprofessional counselors also understand the extent to which they may keep a report confidential. These trainings will also ensure that all responsible employees know their obligation to report sexual violence to appropriate university officials.

Prevention: Bystander Intervention

If acts of violence against other individuals are observed, members of the Concordia University Irvine community have the option to intervene to help stop the act, only if it is safe and positive to do so without risking further harm. Suggested options include:

Dial 911.
Contact Campus Safety at: (949) 214-3000.
Witnesses can yell to draw attention to an act of violence from a safe distance in order to frighten off the perpetrator and remain in the area to provide witness information to the authorities.
Honor One Another Campaign

Honor One Another is a university-wide initiative to cultivate a wise and honorable campus community. The campaign is rooted in the Apostle Paul’s letter to the church in Rome in which he wrote, “Be devoted to one another in love. Honor one another above yourself.” (Romans 12:10). With this in mind, Concordia strives to foster an environment in which its members value and respect one another and place their neighbor’s welfare above their own. Together as a campus, we are committed to building a community of caring, inclusive of our diverse population, and free from harassment, racism, sexism, and violence. Watch the Honor One Another video.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

