https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/title-ix/how-to-file-a-complaint
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Title IX

Students
Faculty & Staff
Training & Education
How to File a Complaint
Policies
File a Complaint
How to File a Complaint
TITLE IX

Concordia University Irvine encourages all members of the University community to report information about any incident of sexual misconduct or relationship violence as soon as possible, whether the incident occurred on or off-campus. Reports can be made to University officials or local law enforcement. Note that the criminal process is separate from the Concordia University student disciplinary process.

File a Complaint with the University

If you feel someone has sexually harassed you, or has discriminated against or harassed you because of your membership in a protected class (such as race, gender, sexual identity, military status, marital status, age, national origin, or religion), call the Dean of Students Office at (949)214-3056. We will arrange for an investigator to interview you. Although we encourage you to make an appointment, complaint investigators are generally available for walk-in appointments as well.

Prior to the interview, you should complete our complaint form. While doing so is not required, it will greatly assist us in more efficiently handling your concerns. Those with disabilities will be assisted by our staff in filling out the complaint form.

While some questions can be answered by telephone, your inquiry does not become an official complaint until our office has conducted this initial in-depth interview. After the interview, we will advise you whether or not our office will investigate your complaint. In some cases, your complaint may be referred to a more appropriate office for handling if it does not fall within the purview of the Office of the Dean of Students.

Report Anonymously

Any individual may make an anonymous report concerning an act of sexual harassment, sexual violence, domestic violence, dating violence, or stalking. An individual may report the incident without disclosing their name, identifying the Responding Person, or requesting any action. Depending on the amount of information available about the incident or the individuals involved, the University’s ability to respond may be limited.

Report to Law Enforcement

An incident of sexual misconduct or relationship violence can be reported to the Irvine Police Department at any time, 24-hours a day/ 7-days a week by calling 911 or their non-emergency line at (949) 724-7000. The Irvine Police Department is located at 1 Civic Center Drive, Irvine, CA 92606.

At the complaint’s request, Concordia University Irvine will assist the complainant in contacting law enforcement. If the complainant decided to pursue the criminal process, the University will cooperate with law enforcement to the extent permitted by law.

Accommodations, Safety and Interim Measures

After a report is made and prior to final determination, Concordia University Irvine will implement appropriate accommodations, safety measures, and interim measures, to protect the complainant and the needs of others involved in the incident, if so requested by the complainant or others involved in the incident and if such measures are reasonably available.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

