https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/career-services/californians-for-all-college-corps/jedidiah-rufner
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Career & Vocation
About
College Corps
Students 
Employers/Recruiters
Faculty/Staff
Job Search 
Contact 
Access Handshake
JEDIDIAH RUFNER
College Corps Service Emphasis: Climate Action

Previous Slide

Next Slide

Jedidiah Rufner

 

Jedidiah Shares:

Not only is the program a huge help with financial aid paying for tuition; you get to serve others within Southern California to support climate action, K-12 education, and those struggling with food insecurity.

What have you gained from your College Corps experience thus far?

My experience has taught me how to help on a farm. I had never worked on a farm before, and learning farm tasks has opened my mind to what hard work is. Working as a team with other co-workers at Tanaka Farms has shown me that anything is possible, no matter the challenge.

Jedidiah Rufner enjoys getting to know so many people through the College Corps program and building relationships with fellows of all ages and majors. Jedidiah serves at Tanaka Farms, a local farm in Irvine, where he works with a team of co-workers to educate, entertain, and help families all year round. He found his experience working at the community Pumpkin Patch event to be particularly impactful. The Pumpkin Patch season is the busiest time of the year at Tanaka Farms, and Jedidiah gained a deeper understanding of how much work it takes to keep a barnyard and farm site running efficiently without any significant problems. Working as a team with other co-workers at Tanaka Farms showed him that anything is possible, no matter the challenge. The community service, lessons learned, and financial assistance received are all rewarding characteristics of the College Corps program.

MEET MORE COLLEGE CORPS FELLOWS
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

