https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/pre-deaconess-studies
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Pre-Deaconess Studies Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Pre-Deaconess Studies Minor
CHRIST COLLEGE
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

The Pre-Deaconess Studies minor equips women for seminary-level diaconal training through instruction in at least one biblical language and courses that will prepare them for graduate theological education. Undergraduates who wish to become a deaconess should be members of an LCMS congregation and must apply to the Christ College Church Work program prior to declaring the Pre-Deaconess Studies minor. Christian women serving as deaconesses reach out to individuals in spiritual and physical need through acts of service and ministry.

Depending on their gifts and calling, they may provide spiritual care, teach God’s Word, administer programs, work in social service, or assist in a variety of other ministry tasks. Deaconesses frequently serve in: 

Parishes
Hospitals
Welfare institutions
College campuses
Inner cities
Foreign missions
Scholarships for LCMS Church Vocations Students

We are proud to offer a generous scholarship for qualifying LCMS church vocations students.

LEARN MORE
"My advice for prospective students of Concordia University Irvine is to let God lead. I arrived as a freshman thinking I wanted to teach English. But God had other plans, and I’m so grateful he gave me such wonderful mentors and friends to help me find my way.

Shea Pruhs '13

Learn about Shea's story on her Alumna Profile. 

Curriculum

The Pre-Deaconess Studies minor is offered through Christ College and has additional requirements. For more information about the Pre-Deaconess Studies program please contact Prof. Scott Stiegemeyer.

The purpose of Christ College is to enable students to understand, communicate, teach, defend, and believe the Christian faith through systematic inquiry of the Bible, the doctrines of the church, and other statements of faith. Christ College also equips students for professional church vocations in their chosen field.

PRE-DEACONESS STUDIES MINOR***
30-32 Units
CCI 103: Introduction to Ministry
1

CCI 103 – Introduction to Ministry

CCI 118*: Seminar in Deaconess Ministry
0.5

This seminar course is for students pursuing the vocation of deaconess in The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS). Participants will explore areas of interest and concern that pertain specifically to deaconesses. The role of deaconess will be examined in the context of the church-at-large and the local congregation. The professional and personal growth and formation of the future deaconess will be described and fostered. Students in the deaconess program must take one (1) seminar course per year, normally in the semester they are not taking CCI 103 or CCI 305. Repeatable. Prerequisite: Program acceptance or consent of instructor.

CCI 305: Called to Teach the Faith
3

All Christian ministers teach the faith in their various callings. This course will equip future ministers to properly apply Law and Gospel in a variety of educational contexts, to theologically evaluate curricula, and to participate in effective faith formation. Students are personally and professionally prepared for full-time ministry through topics such as the local and national church, the call process, Christian professionalism and ethics, and through spiritual and personal health. This class will also address income tax, social security, and financial planning for called ministers. Prerequisites: Acceptance into an LCMS church vocations program; completion of THL 371 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or consent of the instructor.


THL 201: History and Literature of the Old Testament
3

This course will investigate the literature of the Old Testament in light of its cultural and canonical contexts with an emphasis on its major theological questions and themes and their relevance for Christian faith and life.


THL 202: History and Literature of the New Testament
3

Through a historical and literary survey of the New Testament, this course will emphasize theological themes and their relevance for Christian faith and life.


THL 304: History of the Christian Church
3

This course will survey the origin and development of the Christian church through the examination of its political and cultural contexts and influences with special consideration given to theological themes which surfaced at different times and places throughout the history of the Christian church, culminating with 21st century trends in fundamentalism, evangelicalism, and ecumenism.


THL 371: Christian Doctrine and Confessions I
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover theological method, revelation and Scripture, Law and Gospel, the Triune God and His