l and canonical contexts with an emphasis on its major theological questions and themes and their relevance for Christian faith and life.


THL 202: History and Literature of the New Testament
3

Through a historical and literary survey of the New Testament, this course will emphasize theological themes and their relevance for Christian faith and life.


THL 304: History of the Christian Church
3

This course will survey the origin and development of the Christian church through the examination of its political and cultural contexts and influences with special consideration given to theological themes which surfaced at different times and places throughout the history of the Christian church, culminating with 21st century trends in fundamentalism, evangelicalism, and ecumenism.


THL 371: Christian Doctrine and Confessions I
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover theological method, revelation and Scripture, Law and Gospel, the Triune God and His attributes, humanity and sin, and the person and work of Jesus Christ as the God-man, with an emphasis on key biblical material and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions.


THL 372: Christian Doctrine and Confessions II
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover the work of Christ, the person and the work of the Holy Spirit, the church and eschatology with an emphasis on key biblical materials and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions. Prerequisite: THL 371.


THL 465: Christians and Ethics
3

Through an exploration of morality and ethics in light of what Scripture teaches, this course will orient students to the main approaches, both traditional and contemporary, of non-biblical philosophical ethics as they learn how the Christian faith interacts with these approaches. The significance of the Lutheran confessional distinction between God's left and right hand rule will also be explored. Student research and presentations on contemporary ethical issues are usually included. Prerequisite: (CTHL 101 or CTHL 200) and junior standing, or consent of instructor.


Choose 1 of the following course pairings:
GRE 101: Greek I
4

This course will study the fundamentals of the ancient Greek language including morphology, syntax, and vocabulary for reading simple passages of Greek prose.

AND

GRE 102: Greek 2
4

A continuation of GRE 101. Prerequisite: GRE 101 or equivalent with a grade of C- or better.

HEB 101: Hebrew I
4

This course will study the morphology, vocabulary, and syntax of biblical Hebrew for reading simple passages of the Hebrew Bible.

AND

HEB 102: Hebrew II
4

A continuation of HEB 101. Prerequisite: HEB 101 or equivalent with a grade of C- of better.

* Taken once each year.

***Prerequisite: LCMS students pursuing certification must maintain a 2.5 cumulative grade point average (GPA) in all coursework and a 2.8 cumulative GPA in required Christ College courses. Students must receive at least a C- in courses required for LCMS certification. Once you have successfully completed all requirements, you will be considered for recommendation by the faculty for certification by the LCMS.

***Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Alumni Spotlight

 

Fluent in the Language of Faith

Nokukhanya Shabalala '16

Fluent in 11 languages, Noks' journey has spanned multiple countries on four continents. “My education at Concordia Seminary is equipping me to serve those who have lost everything,” she says. “I am learning how to share the Gospel in ways that others can hear. I am learning to speak the language of those who suffer.”

READ STORY
Get in Touch

If you have any questions about the Pre-Deaconess Studies program, please contact the Director: 

Quinton Anderson
Director of Pre-Seminary & Pre-Deaconess Studies
quinton.anderson@cui.edu
949-214-3111

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
S