https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/performance-groups/jazz-ensemble
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Concordia Jazz Orchestra and Ensembles
Music Department
Concordia Jazz Ensemble

Len Montgomery, director

Concordia University offers exciting opportunities for jazz study and performance. Participation in the jazz ensemble program is open to all Concordia students as well as qualified alumni, high school students, and community members. The jazz ensembles perform a variety of jazz-related repertoire, ranging from standards and classic jazz compositions by Thelonius Monk, Charlie Parker, Miles Davis, and Duke Ellington to new works by artists such as Aaron Parks, Brian Blade, Vulfpeck, John Patitucci, and many more.

Under the direction of Prof. Len Montgomery, the Concordia Jazz Orchestra performs big band repertoire ranging from classic instrumental and vocal charts to original compositions and arrangements by Concordia students and faculty. The instrumentation of this ensemble is the classic big band format of trumpets, trombones, and saxophones, along with a full rhythm section and vocalists.

Combo-sized ensembles are also available each semester. In addition to performance and repertoire, these small groups include instruction in jazz theory, improvisation, performance, ensemble leadership, and history. Opportunities for non-traditional jazz instrumentation such as strings or other instruments are also available.

The Concordia jazz ensembles rehearse once per week on Monday evenings during the semester, and perform in a final concert at the end of each term. Occasional clinics, workshops, or concert outings are also offered.

For more information, contact Dr. Tom Mueller at tom.mueller@cui.edu or (949) 214-3651.

Audition and Scholarship Information

Music scholarships to support jazz participation and study are available to all qualified Concordia students. All instrumentalists and vocalists are encouraged to apply.

If you wish to apply for a jazz scholarship, complete a music scholarship interest form.
Prepare 2–3 tunes or excerpts that demonstrate your best playing in jazz style. Students may play solo, with a track, or may be accompanied by piano on request (please bring lead sheets or sheet music for the pianist.) Students with a background in improvisation are encouraged to improvise during their audition, but this is not required. Auditions are scheduled on a rolling basis throughout the year; incoming and current students are also encouraged to audition in the first two weeks of each semester.
Jazz Great Teaches CUI Music Students

READ STORY

Featured News

Jazz Great Teaches CUI Music Students

March 07, 2022

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

