https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/performance-groups/concordia-symphony-orchestra
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Concordia Symphony Orchestra
Music Department
DR. JEFF HELD
Music Director

The Concordia Symphony Orchestra is a primary ensemble, drawing from the top players at the University. At times, members may also perform as the Concordia Sinfonietta for concerts that require smaller orchestras. The season includes a variety of major repertoire from the orchestral canon, new or lesser-known works, church music, Christmas music, and pops orchestra music.

The Concordia Orchestras immerse student-musicians in three major ensembles. Most students are assigned to multiple ensembles to meet the needs of the repertoire. The music assignment load is carefully managed so that students receive experience with many kinds of repertoire without being overwhelmed.

Rehearsals: Tuesdays and Thursdays 5:30-7:15, with string sectionals on Thursdays from 4:15-5:15.

Prospective students are invited to apply for music scholarships. All Concordia orchestras accept new members at the beginning of each semester. Any student with interest should contact the Music Director.

Concordia Christmas Highlights
2018 Concordia Christmas Concert Highlights
"Stay with Us" from Captive and Free and "Silent Night"
"Carol of the Bells" from Concordia Christmas 2018


Previous Highlight


Next Highlight

The Concordia orchestras perform great works throughout our season. Here are some sample programs:

2021-2022 Symphony Repertoire

CSO: "Nordic Symphonies" - Hanson Symphony No. 1 and Nielsen "Inextinguishable"
CSO: Music of Stephen Sondheim
CSO: Easter Concert
Sinfonietta Sunday Evening Concert: Baroque Works
Sinfonietta Sunday Evening Concert: Handel's Water Music and Telemann Trumpet Concerto
The Concordia Orchestras
Concordia Wind Orchestra
Concordia Jazz Orchestra
How to Audition

Musicians have a tremendous opportunity to apply for scholarships ranging from 40% to over 100% off of tuition! Fill out this online form to introduce yourself to us. It will take 5-10 minutes to complete. Please note: you cannot save and return to this form. Be prepared to complete it in one sitting.

APPLY FOR SCHOLARSHIPS

Returning students, contact jeff.held@cui.edu for scholarship opportunities.

Contact
DR. JEFF HELD
Music Director

jeff.held@cui.edu
(949) 214-3420

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

