cert featuring important works in the band and orchestral repertoire.
CWO Invitational Concert (Fall 2017)
These concerts are held twice per year, including guest performances from local and touring high schools and community colleges.
40th Anniversary Service
This is an example of the CWO assisting in worship ministry.
CWO Tour (Bakersfield, Sacramento, Orange)
CWO and Organ at Spreckels Organ Pavilion, San Diego
Tour concerts can vary widely depending on the venues. Often, we choose to present some sacred music as part of the tour concerts.
Annual Family Pops Concerts introduce small children to live music through interactive, comedic character skits and music. Recent themes: "Musical Monsters, Inc.," "Lions and Tubas and Baritones, Oh My! Musical Adventures with the Wonderful Wizards of Winds."
BEYOND THE CONCORDIA WIND ORCHESTRA

Instrumentalists at Concordia University keep a very full performance schedule. Participation in the Concordia Wind Orchestra is only one part of many students' performance portfolios, which include handbells, choirs, worship bands, and additional instrumental ensembles. Many CWO members also take assignments in Concordia Symphony Orchestra, Concordia Brass, and the Concordia Jazz Orchestra.

Concordia's music majors and some non-majors perform solo recitals. Many music majors (and some non-majors) choose to perform a half recital in their junior year and a full recital in their senior year. Solo recitals are tremendous culminating projects that require long-term planning, focus, close work with a studio teacher mentor, musical collaboration, and recital production. In addition to recitals, Concordia instrumentalists are active as solo accompanists for choirs, chapel performers, and performers at local congregations and other musical organizations.

CWO Performs
Minor Alterations
Hymn setting: Christ Alone the World's Redeemer
Sakura Movement III

Minor Alterations (David Lovrien)
Hymn setting: Christ Alone the World's Redeemer (Alex Guebert '10)
Movement III from Alfred Reed's 5th Symphony ("Sakura")

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

