https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/auditions/worship-band-commercial-music-ensemble
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Commercial Music & Worship Auditions
Music Department

Students who demonstrate excellent musicianship in their audition are eligible to earn music scholarships to participate in our Commercial Music Ensembles and Worship Bands. Singers are encouraged to also apply for voice (choral) auditions.

In Person Audition

In person auditions are the preferred method. Voice auditions are available most M/W at 3:10 pm by arrangement. Make arrangements through auditions@cui.edu.

Perform two songs of contrasting styles. Your song choices should allow you to demonstrate versatility, performance excellence and artistry.
You may be asked to perform additional material in order to demonstrate sight-reading ability or ability to perform multiple styles.
Singers, may accompany themselves or if they submit chord charts or sheet music, an accompanist will be provided.
Guitarists & Bassists, bring instruments unless prior arrangement is made.
Drummers, bring sticks. Concordia University Irvine will provide amplifiers, drums, cymbals and keyboards.
Other offerings are available during your visit to Concordia University Irvine. The Music Department is happy to help arrange campus tours, financial aid sessions, admission counselor meetings, and meetings with professors. Contact auditions@cui.edu with requests.
Video Audition & Online Meeting

If you are unable to visit in-person, video auditions are available by video submission.

Upload video to a video hosting site (like YouTube) and email link(s) to auditions@cui.edu (Please do not attach videos to emails).
Perform two songs of contrasting styles. Your song choices should allow you to demonstrate versatility, performance excellence and artistry.
In your video, briefly tell us about yourself, your musical experience, and your future musical goals.
Meet the music faculty via webchat to learn more about the program. Contact auditions@cui.edu to arrange.
Deadlines

Auditions are submitted on an on-going basis. It is recommended that applicants complete their scholarship audition before March 31 for Fall Enrollment and to maximize scholarship award potential. If submitted after that date, auditions are still accepted, but funds may be limited.

Contact Us

Erik Der
Community Engagement Manager for the Arts
Music Department Recruitment
auditions@cui.edu
(949) 214-3652

Steve Young
Associate Professor of Music
Director of Worship Arts Leadership Institute
Director of Commercial Music Ensemble & Worship Bands
steve.young@cui.edu
(949) 214-3115

Learn more about Concordia University Irvine Commercial Music & Worship
Commercial Music Concentration
Borland-Manske Center Recording Studio
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

