https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/music/commercial-music/guest-artists
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Music Major
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Minors 
Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
Music Major
GUEST ARTISTS
School of Arts and Sciences
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Laila Biali

Making Concordia University Irvine one of just two stops in California on her Album Release Tour, Laila Biali hosted a clinic for our students, followed by a private concert featuring songs from her self-titled album.

Award-winning Canadian singer-songwriter and pianist Laila Biali melds "traditional jazz with contemporary pop so effortlessly that neither style seems out of place on the same record” (Spinner Magazine). Sought after for tours with GRAMMY-winning artists Chris Botti, Paula Cole, Suzanne Vega, and Sting, Laila has also headlined festivals and venues spanning five continents including Carnegie Hall. In 2016, Laila was a featured performer at the first-ever global TEDSummit. Her studio recording, Tracing Light, received a JUNO nomination for “Best Vocal Jazz Album of the Year”, and her follow-up, Live in Concert, was named one of the “Best Albums of 2013” by DownBeat Magazine. In September of 2017, Laila became the host of CBC Radio’s national show, Saturday Night Jazz. Her new self-titled album released on January 26, 2018.

Visit Website ‌

Shari Short
Singer. Songwriter. CEO.

On October 22, 2019, Multi Platinum singer-songwriter Shari Short joined us for a special evening in the newly dedicated Borland-Manske Center. She has worked with and written for Miley Cyrus, Jessica Simpson, Ariana Grande, Rita Ora, Sofia Reyes, Anitta, Marshmello, Joe Jonas, Rita Wilson, Danielle Bradbury, and Brett Young. Shari also toured with Demi Lovato and fronts her own band, 3 One Oh. In addition, Shari runs her own management company and is the CEO of indie record label, RMG, where she recently signed Michelle Williams from Destiny’s Child.

Adam Watts
Songwriter. Artist. Producer. Author.

On November 8, 2019, Adam Watts will be joining us for a candid conversation about the music industry, building a career as a creative, and maintaining health, balance, and integrity as an artist. Watts has contributed to albums that have sold over 50 million albums copies world-wide, including songs for the Walt Disney company, High School Musical, Demi Lovato, Miley Cyrus, Jess McCartney, Kelly Clarkson, Switchfoot, and more.

Visit Website ‌

In Studio

Special Guests of Concordia University Irvine’s Music Program and artists utilizing the Caryn Borland ’85 Recording Suite, Borland Manske Center.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

