https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/performance-groups/concordia-choir
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
The Concordia Choir
The Concordia Choir

Dr. Michael Busch, conductor

The Concordia Choir of Concordia University Irvine maintains a distinctive tradition of excellence with performances throughout the United States, Western Europe, Asia, and South America. The critically-acclaimed ensemble of fifty-five voices performs a diverse selection of fine sacred choral literature from a variety of cultures and historical eras. The Concordia Choir performs regularly before large audiences in the beautiful acoustics of the Concordia Center for Worship and Performing Arts. Their annual performances include national tours, the popular Concordia Christmas Concerts, a Fall Festival of Hymns, and a MasterWorks Concert series with professional orchestra.

The Concordia Choir has been featured in concert tours throughout the world, including the countries of Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Hungary, Argentina, Brazil, and Italy. Their recent international tour included concerts in Germany and Austria to commemorate the 500th anniversary of the Reformation, where they were featured at the impressive Berliner Dom, the Salzburg Residenz, and the Wittenberg Castle Church where Martin Luther nailed his 95 theses and started the Reformation.

The Concordia Choir of Concordia University, Irvine is comprised of excellent singers from around the United States. Over half of its singers are from the state of California, while the rest represent twelve different states. Music majors make up almost half of the ensemble, while others include such majors as art, graphic design, theatre, history, sociology, psychology, business, communication, math, biology, chemistry, english, education and theology. Several students are preparing for careers as pastors, youth directors, and music directors as part of our Christ College church-work programs.

Each spring the choir presents a major choral work with professional orchestra as part of its MasterWorks Concerts series. Past performances have included the Bach Mass in B Minor, Mendelssohn Elijah, Mozart Grand Mass in C Minor, Haydn Lord Nelson Mass, Poulenc Gloria, Honegger King David, Handel Messiah, Mozart Requiem, Bach Magnificat, Bernstein Chichester Psalms, Mendelssohn St. Paul, Vaughan Williams Dona nobis pacem, Duruflé Requiem, and the Bach St. Matthew Passion.

More information about upcoming concerts ».

Concordia Choir Performance
Thou shalt know Him
And Can It Be
Betelehemu
Exsultate
I Was Glad When They Said Unto Me
Lux Aurumque
Rivers of Light
This Little Light of Mine
Cornerstone
Goodnight Moon
Laudate Dominum
Evening Prayer
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

