https://www.cui.edu/giving/forward-in-faith/borland-manske-center
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Borland-Manske Center
Eagle Athletics
Academic Support & Student Experience
Annual Fund
Endowment & Estate Gifts
Contact
$100,000,000 RAISED!

Forward in Faith - The Campaign for Concordia came to an historic close on December 31, 2020. The Concordia Family thanks you – and most importantly, the Lord – for the abundant blessings that have been shared with Concordia's students. Over 10,000 donors participated in the Campaign and propelled us well over the $85M campaign goal. To God be the Glory!

Read Article Featured in CUI Magazine»

$30M Goal - $29M Raised
Investing in the Heart of our Campus
Together, we built facilities that inspire learning
Borland-Manske Center

To maintain the high level of academic excellence that's expected from Concordia University Irvine, we must continually adapt our campus, improving it to meet the changing needs of today's educational environment.

The Borland-Manske Center quickly became central to our campus, and built the foundation for a bright future. Bringing Theology and Music to the heart of campus, the Borland-Manske Center underscores the important historical intersection of these two disciplines.

The music wing features state-of-the-art technology. The recording studio enabled Concordia to produce its made-for-TV Christmas special when COVID-19 suspended in-person concerts. From classrooms, practice rooms, and halls, we will continue to send out graduates equipped for learning, service, and leadership. The Christ College wing houses the academic school at the foundation of Concordia and expands general classroom space for our student body.

See what you helped build:

Music, worship and theology intersect in the hearts of people, and now they will intersect in the heart of Concordia University Irvine’s campus. The two wings of the 38,500 sq. ft. Borland-Manske Center bring together the musical tradition and theological foundation of the Lutheran faith in a space that will serve the campus community and the Church worldwide spiritually, musically, and practically for decades to come.

I accord music the highest place next to theology.

- Martin Luther

Project Highlights
Practice & Performance Rooms

The acoustical design of the music practice and performance rooms was created by the WSDG Walters-Storyk Design Group, the firm that did the acoustics and audio system design for well-known clients like the Rio Olympics, Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York City, the Berklee College of Music (Boston, MA), as well as The Church (UK), the famed recording studio where Adele recorded her latest album, and many other concert halls and music venues around the world.

Alumni Plaza

The 38,500 square-foot Borland-Manske Center has two wings with a connecting breezeway. The Center is nestled between the Library Arts Building and the Baseball Field. The space between Library Arts and the Borland-Manske Center was transformed into Alumni Plaza and honors the individual and collective contributions of Concordia's alumni. The Alumni Plaza has become a new hub of campus life and an exterior gathering location for students, staff, faculty, and alumni alike.

Caryn & Michael Borland

Supporting the Music

Strategic Plan

A Message from President Krueger

Charlie & Ling Zhang

Zhang Family Creates $1 Million Challenge Grant

Ryan & Lyndsay

The Power of Music

Elayne and Paul Lohr

A family legacy

Gala of the Stars

Supporting Student Scholarships

Music Performance Calendar

Attend a Music Performance

Kelly & Cheryl

Sowing Into the Future

Wanda & Donald

Helping the Fatherless

Gretchen Sheetz

Alumni Success Story

Theology Faculty

Christ College Ink

Concordia Choir

A Tradition of Excellence

Evelyn and Raymond Joeckel

Wells of Generosity

Bill and Audrey Dahlgren

Innovation and Generosity

Chris and Katherine Pond

The Business of Giving Back

Kern Family

Significant Grants Establish Two New Centers

Together, we built facilities that inspire learning
Upcoming Events


Here at Concordia we are attuning the human ear and heart to the God-given glory of music and facilitating a deep sense of musicianship.

You play an important role as alumni, parents, and friends, in discipling these future leaders to fulfill the great commission, serve the community, and impact the world for Christ. Join us at one of these events and connect with the great things God is doing here.

We are placing music, worship and theology at the heart of campus to create a place for study, creativity, reflection, adoration and passionate seeking with both head and heart.

- Rev. Dr. Steve Mueller '86, Dean of Christ College

Borland-Manske Center Construction Timelapse
This is more than a building project; it is a statement of who we are.

- Steve Young, Assistant Professor of Music & Director of Worship Arts Leadership Institute

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

