https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/pre-nursing
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Pre-Nursing Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Pre-Nursing Minor
SCHOOL OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

Nursing in the 21st century is more complex than ever before. The complexity of this care requires that registered nurses (RNs) possess knowledge and competence on health policy, system improvement, research, evidence-based practice, teamwork, collaboration, complex decision making, and leadership. There’s no better way to prepare yourself to enter this field of healthcare than with a Bachelor of Science in Nursing.

Concordia University Irvine's Pre-Nursing minor will give you the educational foundation to pursue a Bachelor of Science in Nursing. Through this unique undergraduate track, you will be able to earn a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Biology with a Pre-Nursing minor and be eligible for the Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN) program. Both degrees can be completed in as little as 5 years.

Prospective students interested in this option will need to apply to Concordia as an undergraduate student and declare a Pre-Nursing minor. During the student’s senior year, each eligible student must then apply and be formally admitted into the ABSN program.

 

I feel very fortunate to have been given the learning opportunities at Concordia. Not only was the experience challenging, thorough, and prepared me for my role as a nurse today, but the instructors made a huge impact on me and helped shape me into the nurse that I wanted to be.

 

Chelsea R. Cohort '21

Concordia’s ABSN Program
Concordia - Spectrum Campus™

Our ABSN program, approved by the California Board of Registered Nursing (BRN) and accredited by the Commission of Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE)*, is highly regarded by leaders in hospitals and healthcare systems for producing caring and compassionate nurses. At the conclusion of the program, students are eligible to sit for the nursing state board exam to earn their RN license.

National Council Licensure Examination (NCLEX) pass rates have been consistently greater than 90% since the program's inception.
State-of-the-art Concordia University Irvine - Spectrum Campus™ is home to Concordia's Nursing program and features skills labs, simulation labs, and nursing stations where students can practice hands-on nursing skills needed in a hospital environment.
Offered as a full-time, on campus program that is designed to be completed in as little as 15 months.
ABSN Admission Requirements

As a Pre-Nursing student, you can apply to our ABSN program during your senior year. This minor is designed to help you meet all of the requirements for earning your Bachelor of Science in Nursing in as little as 5 years, but admission to the ABSN program is not guaranteed. As you complete your Pre-Nursing coursework, please pay attention to the following admission, application requirements, and general profile of successful applicants in the past:

You must have a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.25 for the overall coursework.
You must complete all prerequisite courses with a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher.
You must earn a “B-” or higher in each science prerequisite course and you must earn a “C” or higher in all other prerequisite courses.
You may repeat only two of the four science prerequisite courses once if necessary.
You must participate in an Admission Committee panel interview, which is guaranteed for Pre-Nursing minor students
A minimum of 100 hours of health care experience throughout your undergraduate years is required. Some examples are Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA), COPE Health Scholar, Emergency Medical Technician (EMT), Medical Assistant (back office), Medical Missions, Home Health Aide, and Physical Therapy (PT) Aide.
Pre-Nursing Courses

Recognizing that nursing is both an art and a science, Concordia’s Nursing Program embraces the development of the individual through both liberal studies and scientific preparation. The goal of nursing is to view each individual as a uniquely created physical and spiritual being with individual needs that are of utmost concern to the profession.

By completing the Pre-Nursing minor and choosing the electives below within the Bachelor of Arts in Biology major, you will have met all of the prerequisite requirements for the ABSN program. Your academic advisor can work with you to make sure that you complete all of the necessary course requirements.

PRE-NURSING MINOR
18 Units
ESS 306: Nutritional Sciences
3

This course will explore issues pertinent to the study of health and nutrition for the active individual and will analyze concepts and controversies by illustrating the importance of research and clinical studies in the current nutritional literature