ude the structure and function of cells, tissues, and the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 247: Human Anatomy and Physiology II
4

Second of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology.  Topics include the endocrine, cardiovascular, lymphatic/immune, respiratory, digestive, urinary, and reproductive systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintain homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.   Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in BIO 111 and BIO 246 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (spring semester).

BIO 351: General Microbiology
4

This course will introduce the morphology, physiology, and ecological and medical importance of microorganisms (focusing on viruses, bacteria, molds, and yeasts), with a strong focus on the molecular basis of physiological processes. Laboratory sessions will emphasize the culture, physiology, and identification of the major groups of microbes. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 355: Biostatistics
3

This course will introduce statistical analysis concepts and methods necessary for the interpretation of biological data in including a hands-on experience with computational methods and biological interpretation rather than statistical theory. Computer lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

A Community of Caring Students

One element of the selection criteria for the ABSN program is health care volunteer experience that illustrates care and compassion for others. At Concordia, you will find a community of students who are actively engaged in local and global service, as well as opportunities to connect with other nurses through our California Nursing Student Association (CNSA) and our Nursing Alumni group.

Faculty Committed to Your Success

The Biology Department at Concordia is passionate about helping you achieve your professional goals in the field of healthcare. You are invited to make an appointment with Medical Science Program Director, Prof. Scott Gaines, to discuss your opportunities in the medical sciences.

Scott E. Gaines
Department Co-Chair for Biology

Professor Gaines graduated with a B.S. in Biology from the University of California, Irvine and earned his M.S. in Human Movement from A.T Still University in Arizona. Prior to coming to Concordia, Professor Gaines worked as an educator for health and fitness professionals for over 20 years. He is an author and national speaker on a wide range of topics such as biomechanics and cardiovascular-based program design. Professor Gaines also has a special interest in innovative teaching techniques, is the faculty advisor for the CUI chapter of the International Medical Fraternity, Phi Delta Epsilon, and is currently working on his Ph.D. in Science Education.

Mary Von dem Bussche
Part-time Resident Faculty of Biology

Dr. von dem Bussche graduated from the University of California at Berkeley with a B.S. in Molecular and Cell Biology, with an emphasis in Neurobiology, and a minor in Spanish. She obtained her doctorate in the Neurosciences from the University of California at San Diego. Her research focused on learning and memory in the adult mammalian cortex. Dr. von dem Bussche teaches introductory biology courses at Concordia University and is compelled by how the biological sciences reveal God's creation.

Concordia has an excellent reputation and relationship with the hospitals in the area. I interviewed with a hospital who told us they adjusted their hiring process just to include our cohort.

Karen M. ’21

Get in Touch

For more information about the Pre-Nursing minor at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directl