l Medical Fraternity, Phi Delta Epsilon, and is currently working on his Ph.D. in Science Education.

Mary Von dem Bussche
Part-time Resident Faculty of Biology

Dr. von dem Bussche graduated from the University of California at Berkeley with a B.S. in Molecular and Cell Biology, with an emphasis in Neurobiology, and a minor in Spanish. She obtained her doctorate in the Neurosciences from the University of California at San Diego. Her research focused on learning and memory in the adult mammalian cortex. Dr. von dem Bussche teaches introductory biology courses at Concordia University and is compelled by how the biological sciences reveal God's creation.

Concordia has an excellent reputation and relationship with the hospitals in the area. I interviewed with a hospital who told us they adjusted their hiring process just to include our cohort.

Karen M. ’21

Get in Touch

For more information about the Pre-Nursing minor at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Henny Halim
Associate Director of Admission
henny.halim@cui.edu
(949) 214-3025

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

*The baccalaureate degree program in nursing at Concordia University Irvine is accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education, 655 K Street NW, Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001, 202-887-6791.

IRVINE SPECTRUM® and SPECTRUM™ are trademarks of Irvine Management Company used with permission.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

