https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/pre-nursing
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Pre-Nursing Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Pre-Nursing Minor
SCHOOL OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

Nursing in the 21st century is more complex than ever before. The complexity of this care requires that registered nurses (RNs) possess knowledge and competence on health policy, system improvement, research, evidence-based practice, teamwork, collaboration, complex decision making, and leadership. There’s no better way to prepare yourself to enter this field of healthcare than with a Bachelor of Science in Nursing.

Concordia University Irvine's Pre-Nursing minor will give you the educational foundation to pursue a Bachelor of Science in Nursing. Through this unique undergraduate track, you will be able to earn a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Biology with a Pre-Nursing minor and be eligible for the Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN) program. Both degrees can be completed in as little as 5 years.

Prospective students interested in this option will need to apply to Concordia as an undergraduate student and declare a Pre-Nursing minor. During the student’s senior year, each eligible student must then apply and be formally admitted into the ABSN program.

 

I feel very fortunate to have been given the learning opportunities at Concordia. Not only was the experience challenging, thorough, and prepared me for my role as a nurse today, but the instructors made a huge impact on me and helped shape me into the nurse that I wanted to be.

 

Chelsea R. Cohort '21

Concordia’s ABSN Program
Concordia - Spectrum Campus™

Our ABSN program, approved by the California Board of Registered Nursing (BRN) and accredited by the Commission of Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE)*, is highly regarded by leaders in hospitals and healthcare systems for producing caring and compassionate nurses. At the conclusion of the program, students are eligible to sit for the nursing state board exam to earn their RN license.

National Council Licensure Examination (NCLEX) pass rates have been consistently greater than 90% since the program's inception.
State-of-the-art Concordia University Irvine - Spectrum Campus™ is home to Concordia's Nursing program and features skills labs, simulation labs, and nursing stations where students can practice hands-on nursing skills needed in a hospital environment.
Offered as a full-time, on campus program that is designed to be completed in as little as 15 months.
ABSN Admission Requirements

As a Pre-Nursing student, you can apply to our ABSN program during your senior year. This minor is designed to help you meet all of the requirements for earning your Bachelor of Science in Nursing in as little as 5 years, but admission to the ABSN program is not guaranteed. As you complete your Pre-Nursing coursework, please pay attention to the following admission, application requirements, and general profile of successful applicants in the past:

You must have a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.25 for the overall coursework.
You must complete all prerequisite courses with a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher.
You must earn a “B-” or higher in each science prerequisite course and you must earn a “C” or higher in all other prerequisite courses.
You may repeat only two of the four science prerequisite courses once if necessary.
You must participate in an Admission Committee panel interview, which is guaranteed for Pre-Nursing minor students
A minimum of 100 hours of health care experience throughout your undergraduate years is required. Some examples are Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA), COPE Health Scholar, Emergency Medical Technician (EMT), Medical Assistant (back office), Medical Missions, Home Health Aide, and Physical Therapy (PT) Aide.
Pre-Nursing Courses

Recognizing that nursing is both an art and a science, Concordia’s Nursing Program embraces the development of the individual through both liberal studies and scientific preparation. The goal of nursing is to view each individual as a uniquely created physical and spiritual being with individual needs that are of utmost concern to the profession.

By completing the Pre-Nursing minor and choosing the electives below within the Bachelor of Arts in Biology major, you will have met all of the prerequisite requirements for the ABSN program. Your academic advisor can work with you to make sure that you complete all of the necessary course requirements.

PRE-NURSING MINOR
18 Units
ESS 306: Nutritional Sciences
3

This course will explore issues pertinent to the study of health and nutrition for the active individual and will analyze concepts and controversies by illustrating the importance of research and clinical studies in the current nutritional literature. Students will also examine and discuss key concepts concerning the role of nutrition in overall health and well-being for a healthy lifestyle. Prerequisites: BIO 101 and sophomore standing.

PSY 101: Introduction to Psychology
3

Concepts and principles pertinent to psychological processes of social behavior, development, motivation, sensation, perception, cognition and memory, learning, personality, psychological disorders and their treatment, as well as the biological perspective will be examined in this course.


PSY 320: Developmental Psychology: Lifespan
3

This course will focus on the development and change through the human life-span including childhood, adolescence, adulthood, and aging. Physical, social, communicative, emotional, and cognitive issues will be covered along with the expected milestones during each phase of development while looking at each individual's unique and multifaceted physiological, psychological, sociological, and spiritual dimensions.


COM 111: Public Speaking
3

This course will examine the principles and practice of effective oral communication and the analysis of the speaking-listening process with an emphasis on informative and persuasive speaking experiences.


OR

COM 216: Interpersonal Communication
3

This course will analyze person-to-person communicative behavior in contexts ranging from informal to organizational looking at topics such as attraction, trust, language, and nonverbal behavior.


WRT 102: Writing and Research
3

In this course students will practice research methods and a variety of writing strategies such as narration, description, exposition, argumentation, and develop skills as critical thinkers, readers, and writers through research, reading, writing, and writer workshops. Must be completed with a grade of C- or better.


OR

WRT 201: The Art of the Essay
3

In this course students will explore the aesthetic range of the essay by reading selected works from a variety of authors examining them not only as objects for analysis, but also as models for stylistic experiments as students practice the art of the essay. Freshman placement by SAT or ACT scores.


ANT 210: Cultural Anthropology
3

Understanding diverse cultures of the world, from preliterate societies to modern technological societies, is the focus of this course, and will include mankind's universal as well as adaptive dimensions; and the examination of socioeconomic, political, religious, and physical environmental factors that relate to the values and lifestyles of various peoples.


OR

SOC 101: Introduction to Sociology
3

This course will analyze the topics of socialization; social interaction, relationships, deviance, control, institutions, processes, and change; family and educational problems; child abuse; crime and delinquency; and drug, alcohol, and tobacco abuse.


BA BIOLOGY ELECTIVES
15 Units
BIO 246: Human Anatomy and Physiology I
4

First of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology. Topics include the structure and function of cells, tissues, and the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 247: Human Anatomy and Physiology II
4

Second of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology.  Topics include the endocrine, cardiovascular, lymphatic/immune, respiratory, digestive, urinary, and reproductive systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintain homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.   Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in BIO 111 and BIO 246 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (spring semester).

BIO 351: General Microbiology
4

This course will introduce the morphology, physiology, and ecological and medical importance of microorganisms (focusing on viruses, bacteria, molds, and yeasts), with a strong focus on the molecular basis of physiological processes. Laboratory sessions will emphasize the culture, physiology, and identification of the major groups of microbes. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 355: Biostatistics
3

This course will introduce statistical analysis concepts and methods necessary for the interpretation of biological data in including a hands-on experience with computational methods and biological interpretation rather than statistical theory. Computer lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

A Community of Caring Students

One element of the selection criteria for the ABSN program is health care volunteer experience that illustrates care and compassion for others. At Concordia, you will find a community of students who are actively engaged in local and global service, as well as opportunities to connect with other nurses through our California Nursing Student Association (CNSA) and our Nursing Alumni group.

Faculty Committed to Your Success

The Biology Department at Concordia is passionate about helping you achieve your professional goals in the field of healthcare. You are invited to make an appointment with Medical Science Program Director, Prof. Scott Gaines, to discuss your opportunities in the medical sciences.

Scott E. Gaines
Department Co-Chair for Biology

Professor Gaines graduated with a B.S. in Biology from the University of California, Irvine and earned his M.S. in Human Movement from A.T Still University in Arizona. Prior to coming to Concordia, Professor Gaines worked as an educator for health and fitness professionals for over 20 years. He is an author and national speaker on a wide range of topics such as biomechanics and cardiovascular-based program design. Professor Gaines also has a special interest in innovative teaching techniques, is the faculty advisor for the CUI chapter of the International Medical Fraternity, Phi Delta Epsilon, and is currently working on his Ph.D. in Science Education.

Mary Von dem Bussche
Part-time Resident Faculty of Biology

Dr. von dem Bussche graduated from the University of California at Berkeley with a B.S. in Molecular and Cell Biology, with an emphasis in Neurobiology, and a minor in Spanish. She obtained her doctorate in the Neurosciences from the University of California at San Diego. Her research focused on learning and memory in the adult mammalian cortex. Dr. von dem Bussche teaches introductory biology courses at Concordia University and is compelled by how the biological sciences reveal God's creation.

Concordia has an excellent reputation and relationship with the hospitals in the area. I interviewed with a hospital who told us they adjusted their hiring process just to include our cohort.

Karen M. ’21

Get in Touch

For more information about the Pre-Nursing minor at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Henny Halim
Associate Director of Admission
henny.halim@cui.edu
(949) 214-3025

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

*The baccalaureate degree program in nursing at Concordia University Irvine is accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education, 655 K Street NW, Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001, 202-887-6791.

IRVINE SPECTRUM® and SPECTRUM™ are trademarks of Irvine Management Company used with permission.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

