https://www.cui.edu/giving/where-to-give/schools-and-other-areas
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Why Give
Where to Give
How to Give
You & Concordia 
Events 
News & Recognition
Contact Us
Give Now
SCHOOLS & OTHER AREAS
Academic Support and Student Experience
Schools & Colleges
Christ College

From its founding, Concordia University’s Christ College has equipped students to carry out the Great Commission - making disciples of all nations. An important part of our work is to prepare students for full-time ministry in the Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod.

See Christ College 

School of Arts and Sciences

Firmly rooted in the Christian tradition of Concordia University Irvine, the School of Arts and Sciences confidently and freely explores both the riches of the past and the knowledge of today. Along with Christ College, the School is responsible for the general education offerings of the university.

See the School of Arts and Sciences 

School of Business and Economics

Purpose. Passion. Creativity. Innovation. Faith. These are some of the qualities fostered in our students through their personalized educational experience in Concordia’s School of Business and Economics. We combine the best of theory and the best of practice to foster a “learn by doing” experience that drives innovation.

See the School of Business and Economics 

School of Education

Concordia University Irvine’s School of Education spans from an undergraduate Liberal Studies major to a doctorate in Educational Leadership. To be a master educator, you must first be a master learner. For this reason, it is our mission to empower students for a life of teaching, learning, and service to the community.

See the School of Education 

School of Health and Human Sciences

Concordia's newest school brings together our comprehensive Nursing program, our undergraduate and graduate Healthcare degrees, and our nationally renowned Master's in Coaching and Athletics Administration.

See the School of Health and Human Sciences 

Townsend Institute

Established by psychologist and relationship expert, Dr. John Townsend, The Townsend Institute's degree programs are founded on two principles: your Competence - increasing your skills, strengths and expertise; and your Character - those internal abilities that you'll need to excel at work and in relationships.

See the Townsend Institute for Leadership & Counseling 

SUPPORT YOUR SCHOOL

Centers & Institutes
The Townsend Institute for Leadership and Counseling

Dr. John Townsend has assembled a world-class team of influencers, the Institute Fellows - author-teachers and practitioners with broad platforms who are widely recognized. The Townsend Institute at Concordia University Irvine offers a distinct advantage as you personally learn from John and these top thinkers and practitioners to transform your life and your work.

See the Townsend Institute 

Crosswise Institute

The Crosswise Institute of Concordia University Irvine endeavors to engage high school students in meaningful dialogue on contemporary cultural issues that challenge their worldview. Together, students are invited to develop their ideas, refine their thinking, and examine how the church community might respond to current and relevant topics as informed by Scripture.

See the Crosswise Institute 

Center for Church Leadership

The Center for Church Leadership will equip and form the next generation of pastors and ministry directors for entrepreneurial ministry leadership. Through academic course work, spiritual formation, and hands-on ministry experience, students will be prepared to serve the church in our dynamic and uncertain world.

See the Center for Church Leadership 

Cross-cultural Ministry Center

The Cross-cultural Ministry Center (CMC) is committed to forming faithful missionary pastors to initiate and develop culture-crossing ministries. CMC students simultaneously serve as a vicar in a local congregation during all four years of their studies. Students graduate with a Master of Arts in Theology and receive full certification for ordination as a pastor in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS).

See the Cross-cultural Ministry Center 

Church Work Program

Concordia’s Church Work program equips students for full-time ministry in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod. They learn from and with future pastors, teachers, Directors of Christian Education, Directors of Parish Music, and deaconesses.

See Church Work 

Faithworks Center

The FaithWorks Center at Concordia University Irvine expands the Faith, Work, and Economics activities already being conducted by Christ College in partnership with Concordia’s other schools. The center helps pastors and professionals understand the economic, moral, and spiritual significance of work by showing how it contributes to the flourishing of other people and society as a whole.

See the Faithworks Center 

Center for Civics Education

The Center for Civics Education's mission is to train and develop citizens and leaders to effectively engage in public policy decision-making through seminars, workshops, dialogues, debates, internship programs and collaboration with business, civic, philanthropic, government, political, ethnic and religious organizations and institutions.

See the Center for Civics Education 

SUPPORT CENTERS & INSTITUTES 

Areas of Interest
Parents Fund

Gifts to the Parents Fund are a reflection of the value you and your family have in the “Concordia Experience." These gifts comprise the parent contribution to the Concordia Fund, the University’s comprehensive Annual Giving Fund. They immediately contribute to exceptional teaching, classroom technology, and research resources.

Donate Online 

Veterans

There are two opportunities to give to the Staff Sergeant Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center, the Endowed Scholarship or a donation to our current programs. Supporting our Veterans will help foster community and increase their graduation rates by resourcing them with programming events, textbooks for our lending library, coffee, snacks, and other items.

Support our Veterans 

Student Experience

Learning doesn’t always happen in the classroom. Co-curricular programs support a holistic student experience, enriching their academic life and providing students with hands-on experiences and skills that employers want.

Enhance our Student Experience 

University Libraries

We are expanding our student resources - one wing of the new Borland-Manske Center will house a dedicated Theology library for Christ College, Concordia University’s school of theology. The CU Library continues to be the gateway to the world of information and scholarship by enhancing our print and digital collections.

Make a Gift Today 

Support Schools & Other Areas
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

