s a vicar in a local congregation during all four years of their studies. Students graduate with a Master of Arts in Theology and receive full certification for ordination as a pastor in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS).

See the Cross-cultural Ministry Center 

Church Work Program

Concordia’s Church Work program equips students for full-time ministry in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod. They learn from and with future pastors, teachers, Directors of Christian Education, Directors of Parish Music, and deaconesses.

See Church Work 

Faithworks Center

The FaithWorks Center at Concordia University Irvine expands the Faith, Work, and Economics activities already being conducted by Christ College in partnership with Concordia’s other schools. The center helps pastors and professionals understand the economic, moral, and spiritual significance of work by showing how it contributes to the flourishing of other people and society as a whole.

See the Faithworks Center 

Center for Civics Education

The Center for Civics Education's mission is to train and develop citizens and leaders to effectively engage in public policy decision-making through seminars, workshops, dialogues, debates, internship programs and collaboration with business, civic, philanthropic, government, political, ethnic and religious organizations and institutions.

See the Center for Civics Education 

SUPPORT CENTERS & INSTITUTES 

Areas of Interest
Parents Fund

Gifts to the Parents Fund are a reflection of the value you and your family have in the “Concordia Experience." These gifts comprise the parent contribution to the Concordia Fund, the University’s comprehensive Annual Giving Fund. They immediately contribute to exceptional teaching, classroom technology, and research resources.

Donate Online 

Veterans

There are two opportunities to give to the Staff Sergeant Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center, the Endowed Scholarship or a donation to our current programs. Supporting our Veterans will help foster community and increase their graduation rates by resourcing them with programming events, textbooks for our lending library, coffee, snacks, and other items.

Support our Veterans 

Student Experience

Learning doesn’t always happen in the classroom. Co-curricular programs support a holistic student experience, enriching their academic life and providing students with hands-on experiences and skills that employers want.

Enhance our Student Experience 

University Libraries

We are expanding our student resources - one wing of the new Borland-Manske Center will house a dedicated Theology library for Christ College, Concordia University’s school of theology. The CU Library continues to be the gateway to the world of information and scholarship by enhancing our print and digital collections.

Make a Gift Today 

Support Schools & Other Areas
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

