https://www.cui.edu/giving/how-to-give/planned-giving
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Why Give
Where to Give
How to Give
You & Concordia 
Events 
News & Recognition
Contact Us
Give Now
PLANNED GIVING
Leave a legacy.

By planning today you can benefit generations of Concordia Eagles and affect the future.

Welcome to Our Planned Giving Webpage
Planned Giving
Planned Giving Articles
Honoring the Legacy of Others
Virginia Slusser: Making a Difference
Sowing Into the Future: Seeds of Faithfulness
A History of Generosity


Previous Story


Next Story
Join the Great Commission Society
Planned Gifts Establish a Christ-Centered Legacy

The Great Commission is the central theme in Concordia University Irvine's mission: Concordia University Irvine, guided by the Great Commission of Christ Jesus and the Lutheran Confessions, empowers students through the liberal arts and professional studies for lives of learning, service, and leadership.

To successfully carry out this charge, Concordia relies on its family of donors. The Great Commission Society was founded to honor individuals and families who have remembered Concordia through planned gifts, referring to bequests designated in wills and living trusts, and to gifts such as charitable remainder trusts and charitable gift annuities that provide lifetime income for donors that can be used by Concordia at a later date.

By giving a planned gift, donors establish a legacy of sending Christ-centered graduates into the world for generations to come. For this reason, Concordia University holds the members of the Great Commission Society in great honor and prestige.

For more information, please contact Jonathan Howard '04, Director of Planned Giving, at (949) 214-3535 or jonathan.howard@cui.edu

Ways of Giving
There Are Many Ways to Make a Planned Gift
Simple Ways to Make a Planned Gift to CUI
View our guide
Types of Gifts
Bequest

Including Concordia University Irvine in your will or Living Trust is an easy process. The bequest can be specific or general, a percentage or flat amount. Contact us so we can assist you with the legal wording and provide examples for your lawyer.
More info »

Beneficiary Designation

Consider making Concordia University Irvine a beneficiary of an asset, or a portion of an asset, in your estate. A will or Living Trust is not needed.
More info »

Charitable Gift Annuity

A Charitable Gift Annuity is a great way to secure guaranteed lifetime income for yourself while remembering Concordia University Irvine with a planned gift after your death. You also receive an immediate tax deduction for a portion of the gift.
More info »

Charitable Remainder Unitrust(CRUT)

A Charitable Remainder Unitrust will supply annual, quarterly or monthly income for your lifetime or for a specific number of years chosen by you. You choose the payout percentage of the CRUT and receive an immediate tax deduction for a portion of the gift. Once the term ends, Concordia University Irvine receives the remaining value of the CRUT.
More info »

Testamentary Charitable Remainder Unitrust(TCRUT)

A Testamentary Charitable Remainder Unitrust works exactly like a traditional CRUT but the income payments do not start until your death. A TCRUT makes sure your beneficiaries receive their inheritance spread out over a set number or years or over their lifetime instead of one lump sum.
More info »

Type of Assets
View our guide to Planned Giving
Appreciated Assets

Real Estate or Stock investments are assets that can increase significantly over time and will incur capital gains tax if sold. Consider using these assets to fund a planned gift to Concordia University Irvine.
More info »

Life Insurance

A gift of life insurance is a great way to leverage your impact simply by naming Concordia University Irvine as a beneficiary. In this way, you can make a sizable gift through a wise investment.
More info »

Retirement Accounts

Preserve more of the tax free assets in your estate for your family by donating your tax-deferred retirement accounts(401k’s, 403b’s, IRA’s) in a planned gift to Concordia University Irvine. In fact, beginning at age 72, a withdrawal from your IRA called a Required Minimum Distribution(RMD) is mandatory every year!
More info »

How the SECURE ACT of 2020 affects your family's inheritance of your Retirement Account

Request a free copy by contacting the Office of Institutional Advancement at (949) 214-3180 or plannedgiving@cui.edu

New to estate planning? Looking to get started?

VIEW OUR ESTATE PLANNING WEBPAGE

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

