https://www.cui.edu/giving/how-to-give/endowment
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Why Give
Where to Give
How to Give
You & Concordia 
Events 
News & Recognition
Contact Us
Give Now
ENDOWMENT
Invest in the future.

An endowment is a permanent investment in the future of Concordia University and its commitment to furthering Christ's Great Commission.

Helping the Orphans - Donald Lahn
What is an endowment?

Endowments are the lifeblood of an institution. They provide an ongoing source of revenue for student scholarships and other campus priorities. Endowed funds are invested, rather than used as cash for immediate needs.

An endowment can be designated for a specific purpose, such as faculty development or scholarships. The gift to create the endowment can be made from cash, stock, life insurance, real estate or other assets. The gift is invested and only the earnings from the gift are used each year for the purpose designated by the donor.

Why are endowments important?

Since the capital cannot be used, the income generated from an endowment is an important source of revenue. Endowed funds create a foundation for fiscal growth and stability, while generating a reliable portion of income for scholarships and academic programs.

Endowments are created for many uses and universities with substantial endowments enjoy strong academic reputations and are able to attract the finest professors, maintain the best libraries and facilities. Prospective students will note the improvements that endowed funds provide when assessing an institution. Endowments provide the financial stability to weather the ups and downs of the economy.

How to create a named endowment:

Donors make a gift of $25,000 or pledge payments over 5 years to create the permanent investment. Many Concordia donors establish endowments and fund them through their estate gifts.

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

