https://www.cui.edu/giving/how-to-give/volunteer
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Why Give
Where to Give
How to Give
You & Concordia 
Events 
News & Recognition
Contact Us
Give Now
VOLUNTEER
Giving your time and talents

The CUI Alumni Association and Church and Community Relations work with volunteers and offer many opportunities where you can contribute your voice and expertise on-campus.

Actively Pray for the CUI Community

The Lord has blessed Concordia University in many ways. We ask for your continued prayers as we continue to grow and provide a quality education to future church workers and business leaders. Your time and prayers are greatly appreciated.

Foster Opportunities for Service

Concordia focuses on teaching students service through experiential learning. Many classes and student-led clubs integrate service learning through community service opportunities both locally and globally. Students can also serve through global and local missions. Contact us if you have a service opportunity for our students.

Opportunities for Alumni

Greet new students on Move-in Day
New Student Move-In Day (August): Provide drinks and refreshments to new students and their families as they move into the residence halls.

Serve root beer floats at our Photos and Floats send-off
Serve students and their families a traditional root beer float in a traditional CUI cup before they say goodbye (August):

Participate in our traditional “Scarving” Ceremony
Welcome new students on the first day of school and nod to their future "Alumni" status with CUI's award-winning tradition of scarving (August).

Network with students during our Eat & Greet alumni panel
Network with current students, guiding them along their journey before graduation with advice on jobs, resume writing, relationships, and more (October & April).

Homecoming (Jan/ Feb)
Help with planning and events on this exciting day full of reminiscing and fun for all ages!

Celebrate our graduates during Senior Send-off Day
Enjoy a meal & fellowship with graduating students and their families just before they walk across that stage and enter the next phase of their life (May)!

Host a “Dine with Alum” event for current students
If you live within 30 minutes of campus you can volunteer to host a dinner for CUI students. As the host of "Dine with an Alum," you may choose the time, date and number of students you wish to host, and the Alumni office will take care of your guest list. Email alumni@cui.edu with your interest.

Reunions
Help organize a class reunion for your graduating class. Email alumni@cui.edu with your interest. Visit CUI Connect to join the online community and reconnect with students who shared your Concordia experience.

Host a Regional Event
Do you live far from campus? Other alumni do too! If you are interested in hosting, or simply being involved in a regional event in your area, please let us know. We are very interested in hearing from alumni currently living in Los Angeles, Phoenix, Las Vegas, Northern California, Palm Springs, and St. Louis. We would love to help coordinate an event in your area!

Contact the Alumni Office for more information at 949-241-3178 or alumni@cui.edu

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

