https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege/crosswise
Skip to Main Content

Search
UNDERGRADUATE
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
CROSSWISE INSTITUTE
Summer Experience 
Podcast
Meet the Team
Contact
Register Now
FUTURE ISSUES. ENDURING FAITH.
 
 
Crosswise Summer Experience 2024
Artificial Intelligence: Finding Humanity in the Digital Jungle

JUNE

23 - 26

59 DAYS

 

10 HOURS

 

26 MINUTES

 

25 SECONDS

LEARN MORE

What is Crosswise?

The Crosswise Institute of Concordia University Irvine endeavors to engage high school students in meaningful dialogue on contemporary cultural issues that challenge their worldview and that calls them from comfort to something risky, but rewarding.

Together, students are invited to develop their ideas, refine their thinking, and examine how the church community might respond to current and relevant topics as informed by Scripture. Ultimately, we want to bring these conversations to bear on the real lives of friends and neighbors as students go out with a thoughtful Christian perspective on current events, ethical concerns, and social trends.

Crosswise Summer Experience
2024 Theme: Artificial Intelligence: Finding Humanity in the Digital Jungle

Everyone has heard of artificial intelligence. But what is it, exactly? Technologies make our lives more efficient to be sure, but their presence can also make it difficult to discern what is true, good, and beautiful. If programs run the world, what does that make me? The year's theme will explore our common desire for beauty and humanity in the midst of these challenges. Expect vibrant conversations, multiple perspectives on progress, and an examination of our deepest human values rooted in Christ.

REGISTER NOW

What Happens at Crosswise?

Join hosts Dr. Dan Deen and Joel Oesch as we apply various insights from philosophy and theology to the issues at hand.

JOIN THE CONVERSATION

How is God calling you to serve?

From its founding, Concordia University’s Christ College has equipped students to carry out the Great Commission to make disciples of all nations. As you seek to discover your unique calling, Crosswise offers you an opportunity to explore your questions and collaborate with like-minded students.

Learn more about each of the Church Work Programs offered at Concordia University Irvine:

Director of Christian Education (DCE)
Director of Parish Music (DPM)
Lutheran Teaching Ministry
Pre-Deaconess
Pre-Seminary
Ministry Leadership

Want to know more about preparing for a vocation in church work at Concordia University Irvine? Please contact the Christ College Program Coordinator, Carrie Donohoe, at carrie.donohoe@cui.edu or (949) 214-3389.

Ways to Support
By Contributing Your Ideas

This innovative and exciting new think tank for high school students offers today’s youth an opportunity to lend their voice to contemporary issues and engage these ideas within their sphere of influence to shape culture. Select faculty and scholars will be invited to facilitate these conversations.

CONTACT CROSSWISE
By Continuing the Conversation

The carefully articulated, gospel-centered ideas that result from these gatherings will become available to students and their communities as resources for continuing the conversation. Read articles, watch video, and listen to audio of our recent gatherings.

By Giving

Invest in Concordia University Irvine’s Crosswise Institute today.

Crosswise offers high school students a unique opportunity to engage in learning spaces that emphasize inquiry, critical thinking, collaboration, and authentic, "real world" problem solving as they tackle culturally relevant topics. We believe these students are capable of sparking meaningful change in their communities.

Supported with a generous grant from:

Crosswise Leadership

The Crosswise Institute at Concordia University Irvine is made possible by a generous grant from the Lilly Endowment. Our vision is to invite high school students to think critically and biblically about trending cultural topics. By participating with others in this way, they might expand their understanding of the world while growing in wisdom.

We believe in interesting conversations, deep questions, breaking bread, and hearty laughter. Crosswise seeks to inspire students to be the conversation-starters in their own neighborhoods, families, sports teams, and schools. In short, the Crosswise team hopes you will join the effort to think biblically about our culture’s most pressing issues.

Joel Oesch, PhD
Executive Director

Preferred Super Power: Teleportation
Day Job: Director of the Graduate Programs in Theology at Christ College, Concordia University

Rebecca Duport, MA
Associate Director

Preferred Super Power: The Force
Day Job: Assistant Professor & Director of the Director of Christian Education Program of Christ College, Concordia University

Daniel Deen, PhD
Program Director

Preferred Super Power: Cyberpathy
Day Job: Assistant Professor of Phi