pus events, clubs, and organizations. You can also choose to broaden your understanding of culture and society through studying in another country, or global travel. Our students creatively and effectively apply psychological knowledge and skills to promote positive change in the community.

Around-the-World Semester®
Concordia Cares
Mission and Service Learning
President's Academic Showcase
Study Abroad
Careers

A Bachelor of Art in Psychology is a starting point for many careers including:

Advertising Agents
Career Counselor
Case Manager
Child Care Worker
Clinical Psychologist
Counseling Psychologist
Developmental Psychologist
Forensic Psychologist
Laboratory Assistant
Market Researcher
Psychiatric Technician
School Psychologist
Social Psychologist
Curriculum

Trained in research methods, students benefit from personal attention and assistance from their professors. The Bachelor of Art in Psychology is a rigorous curriculum tailored to prepare you for your career, while serving others intelligently, ethically, and faithfully. Unlock your potential in an inspiring environment for the scientific study of the human mind.

PSYCHOLOGY SAMPLE COURSES
PSY 331: Marriage and the Family
3

Using a Christian approach to marriage, this course will study the family and its intimate environment including a discussion of courtship and role relationships within the family as a social institution. An emphasis will be placed on the changing nature of the family, family problems, and family strengths.


PSY 340: Introduction to Biopsychology
3

This introductory course to the biological basis of behavior will include topics on the structure and function of the nervous system, brain-behavior relationships, and hormonal and genetic effects on behavior. Prerequisites: PSY 101; limited to psychology and behavioral science majors or consent of instructor.


PSY 351: Personality Theory
3

This course will study personality through the examination of the psychological systems which determine an individuals unique adjustments to their environment including the major issues and the variety of personality theories and underlying research. (Alternate prerequisite for all upper-level psychology courses.)


PSY 361: Abnormal Psychology
3

This introductory course will look at the symptoms, causes, treatment, and prevention of psychopathology including topics in anxiety, personality, and psychophysiological disorders; psychoses; addictions; sexual deviations; and organic disorders. Prerequisite: PSY 101 or equivalent or consent of instructor.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors
Dr. John Lu
Department Chair and Professor of Psychology

Dr. John Lu completed his doctorate at UC Irvine in Social Psychology with an emphasis in Health Psychology. His research interests are in the mind-body relationship where, most recently, he has been examining happiness and optimal performance. Dr. Lu teaches courses in Statistics, Cognition, Social Psychology, and Health Psychology. His greatest enjoyment in teaching is watching students grow academically and personally as they are challenged to foster their gifts.

Dr. Buddy Mendez
Professor of Psychology

Dr. Mendez has been a full-time Professor of Psychology at Concordia for the past 25 years. While at Concordia, he has also worked as a Clinical Psychologist with a private practice in Newport Beach. He graduated from Fuller Theological Seminary with an M.A. in Theology and a Ph.D. in Psychology. Dr. Mendez has published the book, “Ready, Set, Married: 12 Christian Character Traits for a Strong and Lasting Marriage.” He plans to publish his second book, “Surviving Your Child’s Adolescence” next fall.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

PSYCHOLOGY FACULTY
TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Psychology major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

John Lu
Department Chair and Professor of Psychology
john.lu@cui.edu
(949) 214-3328

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resource