https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/psychology
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Psychology Major
Curriculum
Minor
Faculty
Get Started
Psychology Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Follow Your Callings to Explore the Human Mind

Psychology is the scientific study of the brain and the origin of thoughts, and a rapidly growing field delving into one of the most complex systems -- the human mind. While some areas of the scientific community look at symptoms, psychology aims to look at the cause. What makes us who we are? What is nature, and what is nurture? Investigate how certain innate or environmental traits affect the individual and society in general. In this expansive program, you will take a journey to deepen your understanding of people and through healthy, scientific skepticism, growing personally and professionally as a result.

From the great psycho-analysts of the 20th century, to present-day breakthroughs, you can develop a core understanding of the principles of psychology with the Bachelor of Art degree at Concordia. Explore neuro-structure and function, to analyses of mental conditions and disorders. Through a variety of topics, we will help foster your curiosity in all the things the field is discovering about human behavior. We scientifically inquire into some of the big questions about human thoughts, actions, and emotions, how they operate -- and how they interact with each other.

As a psychology major, you will graduate with marketable skills, including the ability to communicate effectively, problem solve, develop and sustain a reasoned argument, collect and analyze data, and study and think independently. Many graduates enter into clinical work and progress as psychologists, sociologists and anthropologists. Your degree can also prepare you for a career in management, social work, marketing and advertising, demography, or policy analytics.

APPLY NOW

What Students Are Saying
Studying psychology at Concordia Irvine gave me a great foundation for my current graduate program, as I was able to get a strong background in essential topics within mental health and the behavioral development of human beings. Still, along with psychology, I also had the flexibility to explore other academic areas that interested me, and with the guidance and encouragement I received from professors, I was able to find a career path that suits me and my interests as I move forward in my education.

– Lindsay Lake ‘18

MSW Graduate student at Washington University in St. Louis, concentrating in International Social and Economic Development

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Opportunities For Psychology Majors

Concordia offers a structured program on key topics in psychology, and the opportunity to develop the fundamental skills to pursue a career as a psychologist:

Comprehension of psychological theories and concepts.
Evaluation skills to conduct psychological research.
Ability to identify how a Christian world-view complements the scientific study of human behavior.

Our students and staff are continually working together to create a friendly, supportive learning environment.

Academic Opportunities

The Psychology major collaborates with the Sociology, Anthropology, and Behavioral Science majors when structuring courses and interdisciplinary research. In addition to selecting an emphasis, you also have the option of choosing a related minor. You may also be interested in transitioning to one of our graduate programs in Organizational Leadership or Counseling.

Anthropology Minor
Behavioral Sciences Major
Behavioral Sciences Minor
Psychology Minor
Sociology Minor
The Townsend Institute for Leadership and Counseling
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. You can also choose to broaden your understanding of culture and society through studying in another country, or global travel. Our students creatively and effectively apply psychological knowledge and skills to promote positive change in the community.

Around-the-World Semester®
Concordia Cares
Mission and Service Learning
President's Academic Showcase
Study Abroad
Careers

A Bachelor of Art in Psychology is a starting point for many careers including:

Advertising Agents
Career Counselor
Case Manager
Child Care Worker
Clinical Psychologist
Counseling Psychologist
Developmental Psychologist
Forensic Psychologist
Laboratory Assistant
Market Researcher
Psychiatric Technician
School Psychologist
Social Psychologist
Curriculum

Trained in research methods, students benefit from personal attention and assistance from their professors. The Bachelor of Art in Psychology is a rigorous curriculum tailored to prepare you for your career, while serving othe