https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/psychology
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Psychology Major
Curriculum
Minor
Faculty
Get Started
Psychology Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Follow Your Callings to Explore the Human Mind

Psychology is the scientific study of the brain and the origin of thoughts, and a rapidly growing field delving into one of the most complex systems -- the human mind. While some areas of the scientific community look at symptoms, psychology aims to look at the cause. What makes us who we are? What is nature, and what is nurture? Investigate how certain innate or environmental traits affect the individual and society in general. In this expansive program, you will take a journey to deepen your understanding of people and through healthy, scientific skepticism, growing personally and professionally as a result.

From the great psycho-analysts of the 20th century, to present-day breakthroughs, you can develop a core understanding of the principles of psychology with the Bachelor of Art degree at Concordia. Explore neuro-structure and function, to analyses of mental conditions and disorders. Through a variety of topics, we will help foster your curiosity in all the things the field is discovering about human behavior. We scientifically inquire into some of the big questions about human thoughts, actions, and emotions, how they operate -- and how they interact with each other.

As a psychology major, you will graduate with marketable skills, including the ability to communicate effectively, problem solve, develop and sustain a reasoned argument, collect and analyze data, and study and think independently. Many graduates enter into clinical work and progress as psychologists, sociologists and anthropologists. Your degree can also prepare you for a career in management, social work, marketing and advertising, demography, or policy analytics.

APPLY NOW

What Students Are Saying
Studying psychology at Concordia Irvine gave me a great foundation for my current graduate program, as I was able to get a strong background in essential topics within mental health and the behavioral development of human beings. Still, along with psychology, I also had the flexibility to explore other academic areas that interested me, and with the guidance and encouragement I received from professors, I was able to find a career path that suits me and my interests as I move forward in my education.

– Lindsay Lake ‘18

MSW Graduate student at Washington University in St. Louis, concentrating in International Social and Economic Development

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Opportunities For Psychology Majors

Concordia offers a structured program on key topics in psychology, and the opportunity to develop the fundamental skills to pursue a career as a psychologist:

Comprehension of psychological theories and concepts.
Evaluation skills to conduct psychological research.
Ability to identify how a Christian world-view complements the scientific study of human behavior.

Our students and staff are continually working together to create a friendly, supportive learning environment.

Academic Opportunities

The Psychology major collaborates with the Sociology, Anthropology, and Behavioral Science majors when structuring courses and interdisciplinary research. In addition to selecting an emphasis, you also have the option of choosing a related minor. You may also be interested in transitioning to one of our graduate programs in Organizational Leadership or Counseling.

Anthropology Minor
Behavioral Sciences Major
Behavioral Sciences Minor
Psychology Minor
Sociology Minor
The Townsend Institute for Leadership and Counseling
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. You can also choose to broaden your understanding of culture and society through studying in another country, or global travel. Our students creatively and effectively apply psychological knowledge and skills to promote positive change in the community.

Around-the-World Semester®
Concordia Cares
Mission and Service Learning
President's Academic Showcase
Study Abroad
Careers

A Bachelor of Art in Psychology is a starting point for many careers including:

Advertising Agents
Career Counselor
Case Manager
Child Care Worker
Clinical Psychologist
Counseling Psychologist
Developmental Psychologist
Forensic Psychologist
Laboratory Assistant
Market Researcher
Psychiatric Technician
School Psychologist
Social Psychologist
Curriculum

Trained in research methods, students benefit from personal attention and assistance from their professors. The Bachelor of Art in Psychology is a rigorous curriculum tailored to prepare you for your career, while serving others intelligently, ethically, and faithfully. Unlock your potential in an inspiring environment for the scientific study of the human mind.

PSYCHOLOGY SAMPLE COURSES
PSY 331: Marriage and the Family
3

Using a Christian approach to marriage, this course will study the family and its intimate environment including a discussion of courtship and role relationships within the family as a social institution. An emphasis will be placed on the changing nature of the family, family problems, and family strengths.


PSY 340: Introduction to Biopsychology
3

This introductory course to the biological basis of behavior will include topics on the structure and function of the nervous system, brain-behavior relationships, and hormonal and genetic effects on behavior. Prerequisites: PSY 101; limited to psychology and behavioral science majors or consent of instructor.


PSY 351: Personality Theory
3

This course will study personality through the examination of the psychological systems which determine an individuals unique adjustments to their environment including the major issues and the variety of personality theories and underlying research. (Alternate prerequisite for all upper-level psychology courses.)


PSY 361: Abnormal Psychology
3

This introductory course will look at the symptoms, causes, treatment, and prevention of psychopathology including topics in anxiety, personality, and psychophysiological disorders; psychoses; addictions; sexual deviations; and organic disorders. Prerequisite: PSY 101 or equivalent or consent of instructor.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors
Dr. John Lu
Department Chair and Professor of Psychology

Dr. John Lu completed his doctorate at UC Irvine in Social Psychology with an emphasis in Health Psychology. His research interests are in the mind-body relationship where, most recently, he has been examining happiness and optimal performance. Dr. Lu teaches courses in Statistics, Cognition, Social Psychology, and Health Psychology. His greatest enjoyment in teaching is watching students grow academically and personally as they are challenged to foster their gifts.

Dr. Buddy Mendez
Professor of Psychology

Dr. Mendez has been a full-time Professor of Psychology at Concordia for the past 25 years. While at Concordia, he has also worked as a Clinical Psychologist with a private practice in Newport Beach. He graduated from Fuller Theological Seminary with an M.A. in Theology and a Ph.D. in Psychology. Dr. Mendez has published the book, “Ready, Set, Married: 12 Christian Character Traits for a Strong and Lasting Marriage.” He plans to publish his second book, “Surviving Your Child’s Adolescence” next fall.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

PSYCHOLOGY FACULTY
TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Psychology major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

John Lu
Department Chair and Professor of Psychology
john.lu@cui.edu
(949) 214-3328

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

