https://www.cui.edu/giving/forward-in-faith
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Borland-Manske Center
Eagle Athletics
Academic Support & Student Experience
Annual Fund
Endowment & Estate Gifts
Contact
$100,000,000 RAISED!

Forward in Faith - The Campaign for Concordia came to an historic close on December 31, 2020. The Concordia Family thanks you – and most importantly, the Lord – for the abundant blessings that have been shared with Concordia's students. Over 10,000 donors participated in the Campaign and propelled us well over the $85M campaign goal. To God be the Glory!

Read Article Featured in CUI Magazine»

Dear Friends of Concordia University Irvine,
Watch as President Krueger and President Thomas announce the Forward in Faith total! 

Read press release »

Ever since its humble beginnings in 1976, Concordia has faithfully looked forward to what God has planned for the university. We remember when there was only one building sitting atop a dusty hill in Irvine… Seven years ago we boldly stepped out Forward in Faith with an $85M fundraising campaign poised to propel Concordia to national prominence and enable it to fulfill its mission in even more effective ways.

With God’s steady hand guiding it, Concordia’s future is bright! That’s why we are personally committed to giving students the best Concordia Experience. With your generous support, the impact of Forward in Faith will be felt for years. Through your generosity the Forward in Faith Campaign has enabled Concordia to

build new facilities
strengthen academic resources
sustain top notch co-curricular programs
increase scholarship support, and
provide for a lasting legacy through Concordia’s endowment.

The Campaign’s vision was bold: to transform not only the campus, but also its students and God’s Kingdom. Today, we boldly and proudly respond with, “YOU did it!” Not only did Concordia raise $85M, we surpassed it. In fact, we passed that milestone in January 2020, before the pandemic hit, and despite COVID-19, 2020 continued to be a stellar fundraising year! At the conclusion of the campaign, Forward in Faith raised $100,000,000 through cash gifts, pledges, and estate gifts. Thanks be to God.

Campaign Goal - $85 Million
Campaign Total - $100 Million

By God’s grace and the generous support of over 10,000 donors, Concordia surpassed the goal in January 2020 and went on to have a record breaking year. Over 40,000 gifts, over 10,000 donors, thousands of lives impacted today and for generations to come.

Borland-Manske Center
Music, Worship & Theology Building
$30M Goal - $29M Raised

The Borland-Manske Center, comprised of the Music Wing and the Christ College Wing, opened in 2019 and is a space where students and faculty are equipped and inspired to lead God’s people in music, worship, and theology.

LEARN MORE

Giving Student-Athletes a Competitive Advantage
Eagle Athletics
$4M Goal - $4M Raised

In 2017, Concordia completed its transition to NCAA Division II. To give our student-athletes the best experience possible, and the competitive advantage, the university made significant improvements to the CU Arena, baseball facilities, and track and field, with more to come…

LEARN MORE

Learning in the Classroom and Beyond
Academic Support & Student Experience
$8M Goal - $11M Raised

Learning doesn’t always happen in a classroom. Co-curricular programs support a holistic student experience, enriching their academic life and providing students with hands-on experiences and skills that employers want.

LEARN MORE

Securing the Concordia Experience
Annual Fund
$14M Goal - $15M Raised

Investing in the Annual Fund gives Concordia the flexibility to direct your donation to where it is needed most – benefitting our students through student aid, technology, lab equipment, research opportunities and much more!

LEARN MORE

Endowment Funds Sustain Concordia’s Mission
Endowment & Estate Gifts
$29M Goal - $41M Raised

An endowment funds your passion in perpetuity. The annual investment earnings from the endowment go to support student aid, research initiatives, academic pursuits, technology, student experiences—or other initiatives the investor wishes to support long term. Roughly half of the total raised came through cash gifts while the other half is from estate gifts that will be funded in the future.

LEARN MORE

We’ve been able to increase our giving over time to make it more and more impactful... We hope our scholarship produces a lifelong appreciation for music and the role it plays in faith.

Ryan '97 & Lyndsay '96 Ermeling

Previous
Next
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine