https://www.cui.edu/giving/events/gala-of-stars/laveda-carter-2021-servant-leader-award-recipient
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Fund-A-Need
2022 Servant Leadership Award Recipient
Pujols Family Foundation
Star light, star bright, first star I see tonight

The Pujols Family Foundation’s mission is to live and share our commitment to faith, family, and others. To promote awareness, provide hope and meet tangible needs for children and families who live with Down syndrome. To improve the standard of living and quality of life for impoverished people in the Dominican Republic through education, medical relief, and tangible goods. To provide extraordinary experiences for children with disabilities and/or life-threatening illnesses.

Albert Pujols is one of baseball’s most shining stars. Albert, nicknamed “The Machine,” is regarded as one of the best hitters of his generation.

The baseball hero is a ten-time MLB All-star Champion, a three-time NL Most Valuable Player (MVP), and a two-time world series champion.

Albert is one of only five players in MLB history to reach the milestone of 2,000 RBIs. Also, he is one of just four players in MLB history to reach 3,000 hits and 600 home runs.

Deidre Pujols is the founder of Open Gate International (OGI). Open Gate International was founded by Deidre in 2016. She had visited several countries and during her travels she learned of the devastating emotional, social, and economic impact brought by human trafficking and other exploitive industries.

These experiences deeply affected Deidre, and she was determined to get involved and make an impact. After speaking to many organizations already filling roles through rescue, rehabilitation, and other services, she found that a critical element of survivor support was missing: job training and workforce integration. Out of this, OGI was born.

Open Gate International is now operating in four international countries and is accredited by the American Culinary Federation Education Foundation.

In addition to OGI, the Pujols' created Strike Out Slavery in 2017 after learning that modern-day slavery is the fastest-growing criminal industry in the world, generating $150 billion USD annually. Deidre and Albert knew that if Major League Baseball teams, players, and fans joined them, Strike Out Slavery could spreads awareness about modern-day slavery and helps a global network of nonprofit organizations rally against it.

The inaugural Strike Out Slavery event was held at Angel Stadium in September 2017, where more than 40,000 attendees learned about the issue. Four years later, Strike Out Slavery continues to expand as other players take a stand against slavery, enabling the message that ‘enough is enough’ to reach legions of baseball fans across the nation, even the world.

Make a Gift Today
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

