https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Psychology/Index/id/24124
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Psychology Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Psychology Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
PSYCHOLOGY MINOR
18 Units
Choose one of the following courses:
PSY 313: Developmental Psychology: Childhood
3

The development of physiological and psychological aspects of human growth will be traced from birth through childhood in this course through an examination of the theories and research evidence as well as methodological problems as they relate to the growth process. Prerequisite: Sophomore standing or above.


PSY 314: Developmental Psychology: Adolescence
3

This course will study human development during the adolescent period with an emphasis on an examination of theories and research data as they relate to adolescent development including problems and adjustment patterns in the context of the family, peer groups, school, and society.


PSY 315: Developmental Psychology: Adulthood and Aging
3

This introductory course to the major psychological and developmental issues concerning adulthood, aging, and the aging process; will examine the issues associated with the physical, psychological, cultural, and social aspects of aging; give students a better understanding of the grief process as it relates to the issues of adulthood and aging; and dispel many of the myths and stereotypes about aging. Offered alternate years.


PSY 320: Developmental Psychology: Lifespan
3

This course will focus on the development and change through the human life-span including childhood, adolescence, adulthood, and aging. Physical, social, communicative, emotional, and cognitive issues will be covered along with the expected milestones during each phase of development while looking at each individual's unique and multifaceted physiological, psychological, sociological, and spiritual dimensions.


Choose five of the following courses:
ESS 365: Sport Psychology
3

The role of psychomotor and cognitive factors in human movement settings are discussed in this course along with selected topics of arousal, attribution theory, achievement motivation, anxiety, interventions, goal setting, attention styles, aggression, social facilitation, social reinforcement, and imagery.

PSY 202: Human Sexuality
3

This survey course will look at the topic of human sexuality with a foundation in Christian ethics guiding sexual conduct and the development of sexual behavior including gender identity, sexual orientation, sexual anatomy, contraception, reproduction and birthing, sexually transmitted diseases, sexual dysfunctions, and the paraphilias.


PSY 261: Chemical Dependency and Addiction
3

This introductory course to the addictive behavior connected with alcoholism and drug use will teach students to understand the biological and psychological processes of addiction and the use of various interventive strategies in treatment.


PSY 331: Marriage and the Family
3

Using a Christian approach to marriage, this course will study the family and its intimate environment including a discussion of courtship and role relationships within the family as a social institution. An emphasis will be placed on the changing nature of the family, family problems, and family strengths.


PSY 340: Introduction to Biopsychology
3

This introductory course to the biological basis of behavior will include topics on the structure and function of the nervous system, brain-behavior relationships, and hormonal and genetic effects on behavior. Prerequisites: PSY 101; limited to psychology and behavioral science majors or consent of instructor.


PSY 345: Social Psychology
3

The effect of social influences upon the development of personality and behavior patterns will be examined in this course including socialization, attitude formation and change, communication, propaganda, roles and stereotypes, leadership, and collective behavior.


PSY 351: Personality Theory
3

This course will study personality through the examination of the psychological systems which determine an individuals unique adjustments to their environment including the major issues and the variety of personality theories and underlying research. (Alternate prerequisite for all upper-level psychology courses.)


PSY 361: Abnormal Psychology
3

This introductory course will look at the symptoms, causes, treatment, and prevention of psychopathology including topics in anxiety, personality, and psychophysiological disorders; psychoses; addictions; sexual deviations; and organic disorders. Prerequisite: PSY 101 or equivalent or consent of instructor.


PSY 371: Cognition
3

This theoretical and research-based course will investigate the mental processes that underlie perception, imagery, attention, memory, language, reading, reasoning, decision making, and problem solving.


PSY 403: Health Psychology
3

Unlike traditional models and schools of thought that see diseases solely as malfunctions of organs or breakdowns of body systems, this course will present the approach that health and illness are parts of a complex interplay among biological, psychological, and social factors.


PSY 441: Clinical and Forensic Psychology
3

This course will cover clinical psychology's history and current professional issues, psychological assessment, training, and ethical issues with an emphasis on the role of the psychologist as an expert witness in court. Prerequisite: PSY 361 or equivalent or consent of instructor.


PSY 466: Principles of Counseling
3

This foundation course will provide an understanding of the content and process of counseling including basic skills, legal and ethical issues, crisis intervention, cultural sensitivity, how and when to refer, control-mastery theory, and the integration of psychology and theology.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

