https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/sociology
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Sociology Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Sociology Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
SOCIOLOGY MINOR
18 Units
SOC 320: Social Stratification
3

This course will introduce the sources, functions, and dynamics of the unequal distribution of wealth, power, knowledge, and prestige in an historical, comparative perspective.


SOC 321: Social Problems
3

As an introduction to the major problems in contemporary America, this course will focus on the causes, theoretical explanations, and social policy solutions including economic, political, urbanization, environmental, family and educational problems; child abuse; social deviance; crime; delinquency; and drug, alcohol, and tobacco abuse.


Choose 4 of the following courses:
SOC 229: Crime, Deviance and Social Control
3

This introductory course to the scientific study of crime as a social phenomenon focus on how crime in our society is related to the collective aspects of human life.


SOC 316: Ethnic and Minority Relations
3

This course will analyze ethnicity in contemporary urban society including the relationship between sub-cultural communities and the larger society; examining the factors and processes in the formation of minority groups; and looking at strategies for changing dominant-minority patterns.


SOC 322: Social Movements and Collective Action
3

This course will analyze the role of social movements and collective action in society by examining each as a key component in understanding how, why, and when change takes place in society, as well as who participates in this change and with what effectiveness. Cross listed with HST 322.


SOC 325: Women and Gender Issues
3

This course will offer a multidisciplinary perspective to understanding women's roles along with an analysis of the status of women in Western society from a cross-cultural perspective including gender stereotypes, the theories of male domination, male-female relationships, women's liberation, and the role of women in the church.


SOC 365: Sociology of Globalization
3

This course will investigate globalization and its impact on the political, social, and cultural arrangements around the world. Students will investigate the various definitions and interpretations of globalization; analyze how globalization is experienced in different countries; and examine the various reactions to globalization - both for and against.


SOC 461: Social Theory
3

This course will examine selected social theories and theorists and the history and development of social theory including the following: the formulation and evaluation of social theories such as social systems, evolutionary, formal, phenomenological, symbolic interaction, social action, and exchange theories; sociology of knowledge; and functionalism. Offered alternate years.


Note: Students who select the Sociology minor are recommended to take SOC 101 in Enduring Questions & Ideas (GE).

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

