https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/provost/office-of-innovative-instruction-and-elearning/instructional-design
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Office of Innovative Instruction and eLearning
Faculty Training
Instructional Design
Academic Media
Sample Media
OIIE Team
Instructional Design

The OIIE instructional design team supports the Concordia University Irvine community in designing, developing, and enhancing new or existing learning experiences. Whether for online, hybrid, or face-to-face settings, instructional designers provide guidance regarding best practices, and help create and implement innovative teaching and training solutions.

Seema Atalla
Director, Instructional Design
(949) 214-3437
seema.atalla@cui.edu
Director, Instructional Design
Biography

After studying comparative literature at UCLA, Seema Atalla began her career as a literary translator and community college professor. She taught in the English department at Mt. San Antonio College for nearly ten years, focusing mainly on developmental writing courses. She also initiated development of the Arabic language program for the Department of World Languages, writing curriculum and creating instructional materials, then becoming the first to teach Arabic classes at Mt. SAC.

Eventually she returned to graduate school to earn her M.S. in Instructional Design and Technology from Cal State Fullerton, completing a five-semester cohort-based program with honors. Her thesis project focused on high-impact practices that foster student engagement.

In 2015, Seema joined Concordia University Irvine as Assistant Director of Instructional Design. She served in that position for nearly three years, before her promotion to the role of Director in August 2018. As Director, she is tasked with managing online course development across all programs. She also continues to work one-on-one with subject matter experts to design and develop individual courses. At Concordia University Irvine, Seema appreciates the warm and welcoming community, and the chance to work with so many staff and faculty members across campus. She also enjoys the opportunities for Christian fellowship, and especially loves the traditional hymns at Tuesday-Thursday chapel.

Sarah Yoon
Instructional Designer
(949) 214-3435
sarah.yoon1@cui.edu
Instructional Designer
Biography

After studying history at UC Irvine, Sarah decided that she wanted to be a high school teacher. Shortly after graduation, she went on a 6-month mission trip to Japan that changed her life and her goals. During her mission trip, she saw how the English language could bridge gaps between cultures, so she changed her focus from history to English as a second language (ESL).

Sarah earned her M.A. Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages (TESOL) degree from Biola University. She started her teaching career at a small college. Then, she began teaching at a private school in Anaheim where she remained for the next six years. After her 7 ½ years in education, she began pursuing a career in instructional design.

Sarah completed her certification in eLearning Instructional Design from UCI. Prior to joining Concordia University Irvine, she worked for Orange County, creating multiple courses for its employees in OCPW. She is excited that she can use her knowledge, experience, and passion for education in her role as an Instructional Designer at Concordia University Irvine.

Sample Media
Video Lesson Sample
eLesson Sample
Animation Lesson Sample
Request Services

Use the button below to request services from OIIE.
The OIIE Request Services form is owned by ITS, and it is used to route requests to OIIE via a ticketing system.

CLICK HERE TO REQUEST SERVICES FROM OIIE

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services
