https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/provost/office-of-innovative-instruction-and-elearning/oiie-team
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Office of Innovative Instruction and eLearning
Faculty Training
Instructional Design
Academic Media
Sample Media
OIIE Team
OIIE Team
Dr. John Randall
Senior Director, Office of Innovative Instruction and eLearning
(949) 214-3358
john.randall@cui.edu
Senior Director, Office of Innovative Instruction and eLearning
Biography

Dr. John Randall has been helping others use technology in educational settings since 1994. His professional career began as a corporate instructor who trained employees on various software applications. In 1998, John accepted the position of Technology Coordinator at Abiding Savior Lutheran Church and School in Lake Forest, California, where he taught computer classes, managed the network, servers, and website, as well as helped teachers use technology in a sound pedagogical manner. In 2004, he began teaching for Concordia University Irvine as an adjunct professor in the School of Education. In 2007, he took a full-time position with Concordia Irvine as a professor of Instructional Design as well as the Senior Director of Faculty Training and Development. In 2016, John earned his Doctorate in Education with an emphasis in Learning Technologies from Pepperdine University.

Seema Atalla
Director, Instructional Design
(949) 214-3437
seema.atalla@cui.edu
Director, Instructional Design
Biography

After studying comparative literature at UCLA, Seema Atalla began her career as a literary translator and community college professor. She taught in the English department at Mt. San Antonio College for nearly ten years, focusing mainly on developmental writing courses. She also initiated development of the Arabic language program for the Department of World Languages, writing curriculum and creating instructional materials, then becoming the first to teach Arabic classes at Mt. SAC.

Eventually she returned to graduate school to earn her M.S. in Instructional Design and Technology from Cal State Fullerton, completing a five-semester cohort-based program with honors. Her thesis project focused on high-impact practices that foster student engagement.

In 2015, Seema joined Concordia University Irvine as Assistant Director of Instructional Design. She served in that position for nearly three years, before her promotion to the role of Director in August 2018. As Director, she is tasked with managing online course development across all programs. She also continues to work one-on-one with subject matter experts to design and develop individual courses. At Concordia University Irvine, Seema appreciates the warm and welcoming community, and the chance to work with so many staff and faculty members across campus. She also enjoys the opportunities for Christian fellowship, and especially loves the traditional hymns at Tuesday-Thursday chapel.

Sarah Yoon
Instructional Designer
(949) 214-3435
sarah.yoon1@cui.edu
Instructional Designer
Biography

After studying history at UC Irvine, Sarah decided that she wanted to be a high school teacher. Shortly after graduation, she went on a 6-month mission trip to Japan that changed her life and her goals. During her mission trip, she saw how the English language could bridge gaps between cultures, so she changed her focus from history to English as a second language (ESL).

Sarah earned her M.A. Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages (TESOL) degree from Biola University. She started her teaching career at a small college. Then, she began teaching at a private school in Anaheim where she remained for the next six years. After her 7 ½ years in education, she began pursuing a career in instructional design.

Sarah completed her certification in eLearning Instructional Design from UCI. Prior to joining Concordia University Irvine, she worked for Orange County, creating multiple courses for its employees in OCPW. She is excited that she can use her knowledge, experience, and passion for education in her role as an Instructional Designer at Concordia University Irvine.

Alex Ray
Director, Academic Media Development
(949) 214-3432
alex.ray@cui.edu
Director, Academic Media Development
Biography

After earning his B.S. in Aquatic Biology at the University of California, Santa Barbara, Alex Ray worked as a field scientist conducting subtidal marine surveys with the PISCO Lab at the northern Channel Islands off the coast of Santa Barbara and Ventura. The purpose of the surveys was to monitor and assess the effectiveness of marine protected areas in supporting wildlife populations and biodiversity. Some of the results and conclusions can be found at CINMS After 10 Years.

Alex ultimately left fieldwork to return to school to obtain his single-subject teaching credentials in biology, chemistry, and geosciences from the University of California, Irvine. His work in the cr