https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/nursing/accelerated-bsn/loans
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Financial Aid | Nursing Program

How to Apply
Types of Aid
Verification
Access Your Offer
Partnerships
Forms
Staff
Resources
Tuition
Loan Programs

A loan is money you borrow and must repay with interest under varying terms and conditions.

If you decide to take out a loan, make sure you understand who is making (i.e. offering) the loan and the terms and conditions of the loan. Student loans can come from the federal government, from private sources such as a bank or financial institution, or from other organizations. Federal student loans are available to most students regardless of income and provide a range of repayment options.

While it is important to be cautious of irresponsible borrowing, loans are considered an integral part of a student's Financial Aid package. Please carefully review the different types of loans available below and consider each one as a viable option for financing a college education.

Federal Direct Loans

The U.S. Department of Education’s federal student loan program is called the William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan (i.e. Direct Loan) Program. Under this program, the U.S. Department of Education is your lender. There are four types of Direct Loans available:

Direct Subsidized Loans are loans offered to eligible undergraduate students who demonstrate financial need to help cover the costs of higher education at a college or career school. For eligibility, loan limits, terms and current rates/fees, click here.
Direct Unsubsidized Loans are loans offered to eligible undergraduate, graduate, and professional students, but eligibility is not based on financial need. For eligibility, loan limits, terms and current rates/fees, click here.
Direct PLUS Loans are loans made to parents of dependent undergraduate students or graduate/professional students to help pay for education expenses not covered by other financial aid. Eligibility is not based on financial need, but an application and credit check are required. For eligibility, loan limits, terms and current rates/fees, click here.
Direct Consolidation Loans allow you to combine all of your eligible federal student loans into a single loan with a single loan servicer.

Eligible students will be offered Direct Subsidized and/or Direct Unsubsidized Loans upon completion of the FAFSA.

New Students to Concordia must:

Complete Entrance Counseling and
Electronically sign a Master Promissory Note (MPN)
How to Apply for a Federal Direct Parent PLUS Loan

Parents of dependent students in the ABSN programs may apply for a Direct Parent PLUS loan by following the steps below:

Make sure your student has filed a FAFSA first.
Complete the Direct PLUS Loan Application (Parent MUST sign in using their own FSA ID).
If approved, sign a Direct PLUS Loan Master Promissory Note (MPN).
If denied, you will be given detailed information on the options for qualifying by obtaining an endorser or appealing a credit decision, along with instructions on how to complete the required PLUS Counseling.

For eligibility, loan limits, terms, and current rates/fees for the Parent PLUS loan, click here.

Note: Students in the ABSN program are considered undergraduate students and are not eligible for the Graduate PLUS loan.

Private | Alternative Loan

Private or alternative student loans are loans for undergraduate and graduate students from private sources, such as a bank or financial institution, generally used to supplement Federal Direct Loans. Please note that students in the ABSN program are considered undergraduates and must apply for a private loan as an undergraduate student.

How to shop for a Private | Alternative loan – An Overview
Rate: Varies from lender to lender. Fixed vs. Variable. Which is right for you?
Fees: Depends upon the specific lender and loan program.
Term: Typically between 5-15 years.
Loan Limits: Cost of Attendance minus all other financial aid the student receives.
Lender List: click here
Private loan consolidation
Where can I find information about the federal student loans I have received?

Login to the Federal Student Aid website and select "My Aid" to view information about all of the federal student loans, and other financial aid, you have received. You can also get the contact information for your loan servicer here.

Note: Private student loans will not be included here.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

