https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/nursing/accelerated-bsn/verification-process
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Financial Aid | Nursing Program

How to Apply
Types of Aid
Verification
Access Your Offer
Partnerships
Forms
Staff
Resources
Tuition
Verification Process

When you submit the FAFSA on the Web, you may be randomly selected by the Federal processor for a process called “verification.” This means the Department of Education requires our office to determine the accuracy of the information provided on your FAFSA on the Web application. If you receive this notification, please complete the following steps in compliance with Federal guidelines.

Verification Steps:
Complete the IRS Data Retrieval through FAFSA on the Web. If the IRS DRT isn't used, you will need to submit either a signed and dated Federal Tax Return 1040 with all forms and schedules or a Tax Return Transcript.
Submit the appropriate verification forms to the Financial Aid Office as requested: (Log in to your MyRecords account and review your missing requirements)
Submit all requested documents to the Financial Aid Office by March 2 for priority awarding.
Students submitting documents to Concordia's Financial Aid Office must use one of the following methods:

Email to finaid@cui.edu using ONLY your student eagles email
FAX: 949-214-3500
Mail: Concordia University Financial Aid Office:
1530 Concordia West, Irvine, CA 92612
In Person: Grimm Hall North, 2nd Floor
What is the IRS Data Retrieval?

The IRS Data Retrieval is a feature of FAFSA on the web, which links your FAFSA with your already filed federal tax information through the IRS. You may update your FAFSA by linking to your federal taxes and pulling your tax data directly from the IRS ‘auto-filling’ the tax portion of your FAFSA.

Please note: If the student filed their own tax return, the student and parent must complete the IRS Data Retrieval Tool separately. Please ensure that you have a valid Social Security Number and have already filed taxes for the required tax year to utilize the DRT.

Click here for instructions on how to use the IRS Data Retrieval Tool.

What if I Cannot or Choose not to Complete the IRS Data Retrieval?

You must submit either a signed and dated Federal Tax Return 1040 with all forms and schedules OR an IRS Tax Return Transcript.

You must submit an IRS tax return transcript or Federal 1040 (complete and signed with all forms and schedules) if:

You (or your parent) did not use the IRS Data Retrieval Process either at initial FAFSA filing or through subsequent corrections.
You changed information after using the IRS Data retrieval process.
Your tax status is ‘Married, filing separately.’
Your parents are unmarried, living together, and filed separate tax returns.
You (or your parent) had a change in marital status after the end of the tax year on December 31.
You (or your parent) filed an amended tax return.
You filed taxes outside the U.S.

Beyond those applications selected for verification, Federal regulations require that our office resolve discrepancies or conflicting information when a FAFSA and/or subsequent paperwork appears incomplete or inaccurate. Concordia’s Financial Aid Office may request additional documentation to resolve any discrepancies or conflicting information.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

