log and any other printed materials. Availability of all aid is subject to federal, state, institutional, and private funding.

Treatment of Unofficial Withdrawals

If a student fails to officially withdraw and receives all F’s as grades for the semester, the Department of Education considers the student to have unofficially withdrawn from classes. The university is required to investigate and determine when the student actually last attended class and then perform the required R2T4 calculation. If the date of withdrawal cannot be confirmed, the R2T4 calculation is done using a 50 percent completion rate. This process is usually completed well after the end of the semester, once grades are submitted.

Unusual Enrollment History

The U.S. Department of Education has established new regulations to prevent fraud and abuse in the Federal Pell Grant Program or Direct Loans by identifying students with unusual enrollment histories. Some students who have an unusual enrollment history (UEH) have legitimate reasons for their enrollment at multiple institutions. However, such an enrollment history requires our office to review your file in order to determine future federal financial aid eligibility. If selected by the Department of Education (via the FAFSA), this must be resolved before you will receive financial aid.

Flags “2” and “3” require that the current institution review the student’s enrollment history to determine aid eligibility. The Financial Aid Office, in the process of reviewing a student’s UEH flag, will check the National Student Loan Data System (NSLDS) for complete enrollment history (i.e., name of each school attended during the past four academic years, dates of attendance, and aid received).

How to Resolve

All students with UEH flag 3 and some students with UEH flag 2 will be required to submit their Official/Unofficial Academic Transcripts from all colleges and universities attended during the review period. The Financial Aid Office will review all transcripts and all supporting documentation to determine if the student is eligible for federal student aid at Concordia University.

Decisions to approve or deny Unusual Enrollment History flags will be made by the Financial Aid Office based on:

Documentation of the extent and severity of the mitigating circumstance(s) that resulted in the failure to earn academic credit.
Adequacy of the resolution or planned resolution of the above circumstance(s).
Appealing the Ineligibility Determination

If a student has been determined by Concordia University to be ineligible for federal student aid on the basis of (or lack of) documentation, he/she may resubmit additional documentation for reconsideration.

Regaining Federal Student Aid Eligibility

Students whose aid eligibility is denied as a result of their UEH can be re-considered for federal student aid after meeting with an academic advisor and successfully completing a successful term required by their program. Successful completion is defined as a grade of C or better. Grades below C, Incompletes, and withdrawals are not considered successful completion. Students must also meet the University’s standards of Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP).

Conflict of Interest Policy and Code of Conduct for Financial Aid Professionals

The Higher Education Opportunity Act of 2008 (HEOA) requires institutions of higher education to establish and follow a Code of Conduct with respect to student loans that prohibits conflicts of interest for any financial aid professional [HEOA § 487(a)(25)]. Concordia University is an eligible institution under the Federal Insured Student Loan Program.

In accordance with this requirement, the Office of Financial Aid at Concordia University has issued the following conflict of interest policy and code of conduct.

Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to prohibit conflicts of interest in situations involving student financial aid and to establish standards of conduct for employees with responsibility for student financial aid.
Applicability
This Policy applies to all employees who work in the Office of Financial Aid and all other college employees who have responsibilities related to education loans or other forms of student financial aid. Agents of the College with responsibility for education loans or other student financial aid are also expected to abide by the terms of this Policy.
Definitions
Conflict of Interest: A conflict of interest exists when an employee’s financial interests or other opportunities for personal benefit may compromise, or reasonably appear to compromise, the independence of judgment with which the employee performs his/her responsibilities at the College.
Gift: Any gratuity, favor, discount, entertainment, hospitality, loan, or other item having a monetary value of more than a de minimis amount. The term includes a gift of services, transportation, lodging, or meals, whether provided in kind, by purchase of a ticket, payment in advance, or reimburse