https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/mba/sports-business
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Business Administration
Curriculum 
Faculty
Alumni
Mentorship
Financial Aid
Events 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (MBA): SPORTS BUSINESS
School of Business and Economics
 
 
Mark Francis leads Concordia’s new Sports Business Programs.
Read Story »
Your Advantage in a Competitive Industry

The world of sports is big business – valued in the hundreds of billions of dollars globally and constantly growing. This fast-paced and dynamic industry needs leaders with a solid business foundation and contemporary skill sets to lead their organizations. The MBA in Sports Business from Concordia University Irvine is your competitive advantage.

Our modern curriculum is designed to meet the increasing sophistication of sports-specific issues in professional and college sports businesses today. You will gain practical, well-rounded knowledge as you network with professors and classmates. Our deep bench of Christian faculty bring their academic and professional expertise to help students discover and grow in their callings.

Located in the sports mecca of Southern California, Concordia’s MBA in Sports Business is offered through evening courses at our hilltop campus in Irvine. With top sports organizations throughout Los Angeles, Orange County, and San Diego, there is no better place to take the next step in your career.

Get Started Today
Employment in the field of sports has become one of the top career choices for students across the country. I have spoken on 85 college campuses and been overwhelmed by the enthusiasm that students have for the field. Working for a team, league, conference or athletic department in sports marketing, branding, media, entrepreneurship, and philanthropy all have a need for business skills and training. Businesses in all these fields need candidates for employment who have received such training. I have had the pleasure of speaking at Concordia University and participating in sports business programs that they have hosted several times. Concordia has a feel for what students and businesses are looking for. Their new sports MBA program promises to be a great success.

Read More »

Leigh Steinberg
Chairman & CEO, Steinberg Sports & Entertainment

VIEW PODCAST WITH LEIGH
Best-in-Class Curriculum

Concordia’s MBA provides a foundation in management, accounting, marketing, and finance. On top of these core courses, the Sports Business Program offers 6 required sports-specific courses, with the flexibility to choose from a wide variety of electives.

MBA CORE
20 Units
MBA 603: Science of Management
4

In this course students learn how to apply a scientifically researched and developed management approach to strategic planning, designing corporate structures, managing organizations and people. The course further explores proven techniques for building and maintaining a culture for success. The course approaches general management through 4 frames developed for effectively utilizing resources and creating value for shareholders. Please note that a Business Exam fee is required for this comprehensive and interdisciplinary course.

MBA 604: Account Reporting & Analysis
4

This course explores accounting as the financial language of business, analyzing financial statements and the application of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). It covers reporting financial transactions on both accrual and cash bases, adopting an interdisciplinary approach with advanced methodologies for enriched analysis. Emphasis is placed on using sophisticated quantitative techniques to enhance decision-making processes and elevate financial management strategies.

MBA 605: Contemporary Marketing Strategies
4

This course provides a comprehensive overview of contemporary marketing strategies tailored for managers in various sectors. Emphasizing modern processes beyond traditional approaches, it covers dynamic identification of evolving needs, creating demand with compelling value propositions, and adeptly managing the competitive landscape.The course equips students with the latest insights and tools and prepares them for success in today's fast-paced, digitally-driven marketing environment.

MBA 606: Data-Informed Finance
4

This course explores various aspects of finance, focusing on minimizing risk and maximizing value through strategic capital acquisition and allocation. Topics include leveraging data for financial analysis, evaluating a company's financial health, and employing advanced cash flow modeling for informed capital investment decisions. Funding for working capital needs, the role of data analytics in corporate planning, and earnings announcements will also be covered. Students will gain a nuanced understanding of how to revolutionize financial decision-making for enhanced performance.

P