https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/mba/sports-business
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Business Administration
Curriculum 
Faculty
Alumni
Mentorship
Financial Aid
Events 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (MBA): SPORTS BUSINESS
School of Business and Economics
 
 
Mark Francis leads Concordia’s new Sports Business Programs.
Read Story »
Your Advantage in a Competitive Industry

The world of sports is big business – valued in the hundreds of billions of dollars globally and constantly growing. This fast-paced and dynamic industry needs leaders with a solid business foundation and contemporary skill sets to lead their organizations. The MBA in Sports Business from Concordia University Irvine is your competitive advantage.

Our modern curriculum is designed to meet the increasing sophistication of sports-specific issues in professional and college sports businesses today. You will gain practical, well-rounded knowledge as you network with professors and classmates. Our deep bench of Christian faculty bring their academic and professional expertise to help students discover and grow in their callings.

Located in the sports mecca of Southern California, Concordia’s MBA in Sports Business is offered through evening courses at our hilltop campus in Irvine. With top sports organizations throughout Los Angeles, Orange County, and San Diego, there is no better place to take the next step in your career.

Get Started Today
Employment in the field of sports has become one of the top career choices for students across the country. I have spoken on 85 college campuses and been overwhelmed by the enthusiasm that students have for the field. Working for a team, league, conference or athletic department in sports marketing, branding, media, entrepreneurship, and philanthropy all have a need for business skills and training. Businesses in all these fields need candidates for employment who have received such training. I have had the pleasure of speaking at Concordia University and participating in sports business programs that they have hosted several times. Concordia has a feel for what students and businesses are looking for. Their new sports MBA program promises to be a great success.

Read More »

Leigh Steinberg
Chairman & CEO, Steinberg Sports & Entertainment

VIEW PODCAST WITH LEIGH
Best-in-Class Curriculum

Concordia’s MBA provides a foundation in management, accounting, marketing, and finance. On top of these core courses, the Sports Business Program offers 6 required sports-specific courses, with the flexibility to choose from a wide variety of electives.

MBA CORE
20 Units
MBA 603: Science of Management
4

In this course students learn how to apply a scientifically researched and developed management approach to strategic planning, designing corporate structures, managing organizations and people. The course further explores proven techniques for building and maintaining a culture for success. The course approaches general management through 4 frames developed for effectively utilizing resources and creating value for shareholders. Please note that a Business Exam fee is required for this comprehensive and interdisciplinary course.

MBA 604: Account Reporting & Analysis
4

This course explores accounting as the financial language of business, analyzing financial statements and the application of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). It covers reporting financial transactions on both accrual and cash bases, adopting an interdisciplinary approach with advanced methodologies for enriched analysis. Emphasis is placed on using sophisticated quantitative techniques to enhance decision-making processes and elevate financial management strategies.

MBA 605: Contemporary Marketing Strategies
4

This course provides a comprehensive overview of contemporary marketing strategies tailored for managers in various sectors. Emphasizing modern processes beyond traditional approaches, it covers dynamic identification of evolving needs, creating demand with compelling value propositions, and adeptly managing the competitive landscape.The course equips students with the latest insights and tools and prepares them for success in today's fast-paced, digitally-driven marketing environment.

MBA 606: Data-Informed Finance
4

This course explores various aspects of finance, focusing on minimizing risk and maximizing value through strategic capital acquisition and allocation. Topics include leveraging data for financial analysis, evaluating a company's financial health, and employing advanced cash flow modeling for informed capital investment decisions. Funding for working capital needs, the role of data analytics in corporate planning, and earnings announcements will also be covered. Students will gain a nuanced understanding of how to revolutionize financial decision-making for enhanced performance.

Prerequisites: MBA 604 and Economics course with a grade of B or better or MBA 632.

MBA 607: Business Leadership Strategies
4

This course equips leaders with essential tools to acquiring and interpreting data for informed decision-making. It emphasizes critical assessment of marketing, production, research and development, and resource allocation models for organizational excellence. Students will develop a strategic mindset to optimize operational facets and enhance business leadership strategies. The focus is on honing skills for leveraging data in dynamic business leadership.

Prerequisites: MBA 603, MBA 604, MBA 605, and MBA 606.

SPORTS BUSINESS MBA COURSES 
20 Units
MBAS 610: Sports Leadership
2

The course will cover the key principles necessary for leaders and managing people in today's sports environment. Important aspects regarding interpersonal communication, emotional intelligence, skills to manage conflict, being a person influence, and directing teams through dilemmas to enhanced performance will all be covered. Case studies of sports business problems and adversity will be used to develop the required leadership skills that future sports business professional will need to apply to the unique situations they will encounter in their future positions.

MBAS 611: Sports Media & Public Relations
2

This course will provide comprehensive look at the ever-evolving topics of Media & Public Relations within a sports business setting. The course will provide students with a comprehensive curriculum focusing on how major sports entities develop, manage, and execute their Media and Public Relations strategies and operations. Key topics including comprehensive media training, crisis management, social media training for staff and athletes will be a major focus of this course.

MBAS 612: Fiscal Management in Sports Business
2

The course is designed to provide a solid understanding of financial concepts necessary in sports business. Students will be required to analyze current sports related financial case studies and then apply the results to other sports related short and long-term financial decisions. Some of the related areas will be value of cash flows, decision making based on balance sheets and income statements, sports franchise valuation, stadium/arena financing, athlete salaries, media rights, and more. The course will also require the student to understand and be able to explain all aspects of the economic impact sports businesses have on local communities, at the national and possible international level. Prerequisite: MBA 606

MBAS 613: Sports Law and Ethics
2

The course will require students to apply sports legal case studies to current issues in sport covering tort law, risk management, contract disputes, NCAA violations, Name Image & Likeness (NIL), Title IX, and professional sports league regulations, sport team negotiations, with other related law and ethics topics.

MBAS 614: Sports Marketing
2

The course will cover multiple aspects of marketing and sponsorship that focuses on corporate partnerships in the world of sports. The student will be required to use current marketing concepts in multiple media forms to develop sponsorship activation plans that can be used in any of the many sports business entities. This could include any of the major professional teams (NFL, NBA, NHL, MLS, MLB, WNBA, etc.), motor sports, extreme sports, Olympic Sports, recreational sports, and club sports events. Student will develop and deliver a presentation demonstrating all aspects of a strategic marketing plan.

MBAS 696: Capstone: Sports Business Plan
4

Brief course description for MBAS 696: Capstone sports business plans are the core documents used to formulate, develop, and communicate new business opportunities. Students will develop a comprehensive proposal of an original idea; a funding proposal for an entrepreneurial venture; or a new product line or business venture within an existing organization. Graduation Application Fee: $184. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: MBA 603, MBA 604, MBA 605, MBA 606, MBA 607, MBAS 610, MBAS 611, MBAS 612, MBAS 613, MBAS 614

Note: MBAS 696E Capstone Sports Business Plan Extension: Students work toward completion of the MBAS 696 Capstone Sports Business Plan under the direction of a faculty member. The extension course requires additional fees and can be repeated once. Prerequisite is prior approval by capstone instructor.

Choose three of the following courses:
MBAS 616: Data Analytics in Sports
2

Students will experience a hands-on approach to the use of data management and software to do statistical analysis related to both business operations and athlete performance operations of sports entities. This valuable information will be help future sports business professionals make informed financial decisions, evaluate team performance, provide marketing analysis that enhances market segmentation for best ROI, and to quickly validate results in a new sports venture.

MBAS 617: Sports Facility & Event Management
2

The course will cover critical aspects the criteria for successful sports facility proposal, funding, design, construction, and use management. Students will be engaged in on site visits and virtual tours of sights in each stage of the facility planning and operations. Group work will include each of the key areas for both a sports facility and event management that require oral presentation on the group work.

MBAS 618: Global Sports Business
2

This course will provide in-depth understanding into key aspects of sports business from a global perspective. Students will experience a deep dive into professional and major amateur sports structure and governance and how they differ from the familiar North American sports models. Professional sports leagues including international sports federations (FIFA, FIBA, IHHF etc.), British Premier League (BPL), La Liga, etc., KBL, KHL will be studied.

MBAS 619: Collegiate Sports Business
2

With the rapid and drastic changes to college sports, his course is designed to provide students with the most up to date information on collegiate sports business. Key topics include Name, Image & Likeness (NIL), Title IX, sponsorships, gender equity, ADA, emerging sports, eligibility, and in-depth analysis of critical compliance issues impacting sport administrators.

MBAS 620: Sports Agency
2

The course is designed to provide students with the requisite skills necessary to succeed in the sports agency sector. A focus will be on ethical standards to develop relationships with perspective professional athletes, conduct all matters lawfully, and with the best interest of the athlete and his or her family in mind. Students will also be exposed to topical case studies throughout the course and develop an understanding of the licensing process for agents in North American professional sports.

MBAS 623: Social Issues in Sports Business
2

In recent years, the sports industry has seen a major shift in how it deals with major social issues including gender equality, diversity, politics, human resource issues in the workplace, mental health, etc. This course will take a deep dive into a broad range of these issues, and the impact they have on the sports business industry. Students will gain a deep understanding of these issues with the goal of preparing them to better handle these types of challenges in their respective sports business careers.

MBAS 624: Business of Esports
2

Esports have become an omnipresent force in sports & entertainment business and thus, deserves in-depth study. In this course students will be exposed to the business side of this new sports category including a deep dive into structure & delivery models, revenue models, marketing, leagues, teams, facilities, and international considerations.

Six Start Dates Per Year

The MBA at Concordia University Irvine offers six start dates throughout the year so as a working professional, you can make it work with your schedule. Courses are offered Monday-Thursday evenings, with some Elective courses also available on Saturdays. Choose a start date that works for you.

Start Term	Start Date
Summer 1 2024	May 6, 2024
Summer 2 2024	July 1, 2024
Fall 1 2024	August 26, 2024
Fall 2 2024	October 14, 2024
Spring 1 2025	January 6, 2025
Spring 2 2025	March 3, 2025
For additional dates and deadlines, please view the academic calendar
VIEW ADMISSIONS REQUIREMENTS

Not sure yet? Keep in touch.

As a former owner of the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League, and someone with extensive ties throughout the professional sports landscape, I can attest to the fact that the sports industry is becoming more sophisticated each year, requiring a higher level of professional training for league and team employees now and in the future. In short, there is definite market demand in the industry for MBA graduates from reputable universities like Concordia University Irvine. The program you are proposing is both relevant and timely, and I am pleased to offer my full endorsement of this worthy initiative.

Marc Wade
CEO & Founder, Wade + Co

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Admissions Events

Join us at one of our upcoming Information Nights to learn more about the MBA program at Concordia University Irvine or attend an MBA Mixer to network with faculty, staff, alumni, current and prospective students.

JUN

06

	

MBA Information Night

 Thu, Jun 06, 2024 6:00 PM

 Concordia University

School of Business and Economics

As you research business schools, you may notice that some business programs are accredited by organizations with long acronyms such as AACSB, IACBE, and ACBSP. What is accreditation and why does it matter? Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. Concordia's School of Business and Economics chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with the International Accreditation Council for Business Education to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

Tuition and Financial Aid
Tuition/Fee	Cost
Application Fee	$50
Student Success Fee	$50
Tuition	$980/unit
Books	$800 - $1,000

Our focus on business practice and our faculty of business professionals help us offer a very competitive tuition rate. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Apply Today
Admissions Requirements:
Your official transcript showing a conferred bachelor’s degree with a minimum GPA of 2.75
Current resume or vita showing 1-2 years of work experience
Two current letters of recommendation
A Statement of Intent
A $50 nonrefundable application fee

View complete details for admissions requirements.
View the International Graduate Admission Procedure for International applicant information, requirements, and deadlines.

APPLY NOW

No GMAT Required

We don’t believe that the GMAT is the best predictor of emerging business professionals. For this reason, we do not require students to take the GMAT exam. However, if you have completed the exam it will be taken into consideration.

Tour the Campus

Our hill-top campus overlooks the city of Irvine and offers a wealth of resources for your time here.

VIEW AERIAL TOUR

Get Started Today

To learn more about how you can unlock your pathway to success, complete the form below and our admissions counselor will connect with you.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
ZIP Code 
Applicant Type 
- Select applicant type
Domestic
International
When do you want to start? 
- Select start term
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

