en a major shift in how it deals with major social issues including gender equality, diversity, politics, human resource issues in the workplace, mental health, etc. This course will take a deep dive into a broad range of these issues, and the impact they have on the sports business industry. Students will gain a deep understanding of these issues with the goal of preparing them to better handle these types of challenges in their respective sports business careers.

MBAS 624: Business of Esports
2

Esports have become an omnipresent force in sports & entertainment business and thus, deserves in-depth study. In this course students will be exposed to the business side of this new sports category including a deep dive into structure & delivery models, revenue models, marketing, leagues, teams, facilities, and international considerations.

Six Start Dates Per Year

The MBA at Concordia University Irvine offers six start dates throughout the year so as a working professional, you can make it work with your schedule. Courses are offered Monday-Thursday evenings, with some Elective courses also available on Saturdays. Choose a start date that works for you.

Start Term	Start Date
Summer 1 2024	May 6, 2024
Summer 2 2024	July 1, 2024
Fall 1 2024	August 26, 2024
Fall 2 2024	October 14, 2024
Spring 1 2025	January 6, 2025
Spring 2 2025	March 3, 2025
For additional dates and deadlines, please view the academic calendar
VIEW ADMISSIONS REQUIREMENTS

Not sure yet? Keep in touch.

As a former owner of the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League, and someone with extensive ties throughout the professional sports landscape, I can attest to the fact that the sports industry is becoming more sophisticated each year, requiring a higher level of professional training for league and team employees now and in the future. In short, there is definite market demand in the industry for MBA graduates from reputable universities like Concordia University Irvine. The program you are proposing is both relevant and timely, and I am pleased to offer my full endorsement of this worthy initiative.

Marc Wade
CEO & Founder, Wade + Co

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Admissions Events

Join us at one of our upcoming Information Nights to learn more about the MBA program at Concordia University Irvine or attend an MBA Mixer to network with faculty, staff, alumni, current and prospective students.

JUN

06

	

MBA Information Night

 Thu, Jun 06, 2024 6:00 PM

 Concordia University

School of Business and Economics

As you research business schools, you may notice that some business programs are accredited by organizations with long acronyms such as AACSB, IACBE, and ACBSP. What is accreditation and why does it matter? Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. Concordia's School of Business and Economics chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with the International Accreditation Council for Business Education to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

Tuition and Financial Aid
Tuition/Fee	Cost
Application Fee	$50
Student Success Fee	$50
Tuition	$980/unit
Books	$800 - $1,000

Our focus on business practice and our faculty of business professionals help us offer a very competitive tuition rate. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Apply Today
Admissions Requirements:
Your official transcript showing a conferred bachelor’s degree with a minimum GPA of 2.75
Current resume or vita showing 1-2 years of work experience
Two current letters of recommendation
A Statement of Intent
A $50 nonrefundable application fee

View complete details for admissions requirements.
View the International Graduate Admission Procedure for International applicant information, requirements, and deadlines.

APPLY NOW

No GMAT Required

We don’t believe that the GMAT is the best predictor of emerging business professionals. For this reason, we do not require students to take the GMAT exam. However, if you have completed the exam it will be taken into consideration.

Tour the Campus

Our hill-top campus overlooks the city of Irvine and offers a wealth of resources for your time here.

VIEW AERIAL TOUR

Get Started Today

To learn more about how you can unlock your pathway to success, complete the form below and our admissions counselor will connect with you.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
ZIP Code 
Applicant Type 
- Select applicant type
Domestic
International
When do you want to start? 
- Select start term
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by e