https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/business/Index/id/25867
Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
School of Business and Economics
Business Insights Series
REQUEST INFO
APPLY NOW
Related Links
Online Bachelor's Degrees
Business Major
Business Partners Program
Center for Civics Education
Cornelius Business Plan Competition
Faith & Business Forum
IACBE Accreditation
Institute for Strategic Marketing
MBA
Teen Entrepreneur Academy

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

IACBE Accreditation
 

Concordia University Irvine has received specialized accreditation for its business programs through the International Accreditation Council for Business Education (IACBE), located at 11374 Strang Line Road in Lenexa, Kansas, USA, the leading outcomes-based professional accrediting organization for business programs in student-centered colleges around the world.

Concordia's School of Business and Economics program has received accreditation by the IACBE in four program areas:

Master of Business Administration
Bachelor of Arts Degree in Business Administration and Emphases
Business Data Analytics
Finance
International Business
Management
Marketing
Sports Business
Bachelor of Arts Degree in Business Administration with an Emphasis
Accounting
Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics

IACBE accreditation helps to ensure that your business degree is one of quality. Our programs have undergone a rigorous self-evaluation and on-site evaluation by highly-trained reviewers. In addition, CUI and its academic business unit have demonstrated a commitment to excellence in business education and are involved in a continuous quality improvement process based on the assessment of student learning outcomes.

Accreditation is a quality assurance process in which an institution voluntarily undergoes an external and independent appraisal of its educational activities. Programmatic accreditation by the International Accreditation Council for Business Education is mission-driven and outcomes-based, and involves an independent, external evaluation of business programs. Effectiveness is evaluated by reviewing the educational processes related to teaching and learning in the institution, and by an assessment of the outcomes of the teaching-learning process.

This comprehensive, peer review process culminates in a review by the IACBE Board of Commissioners who will determine the accreditation status of the institution’s business programs. During its last review, the IACBE found that the School of Business and Economics met or exceeded compliance with the eight IACBE principles: Commitment to Integrity, Responsibility, and Ethical Behavior; Quality Assessment and Advancement; Strategic Planning; Business Curricula and Learning Opportunities; Business Faculty Characteristics, Activities, and Processes; Student Policies, Procedures, and Processes; Resources Supporting Business Programs; External Relationships. During the peer review visit, the School of Business and Economics was commended for "its excellent work in engaging advisory board members in the activities of the school and in selecting highly-committed and involved advisory board members". Advisory boards are critical members of the Concordia business community and are instrumental in strategic planning, career alignment, alumni relations, networking with employers, career preparation, and industry trends.

The IACBE accreditation evaluates academic quality in terms of educational outcomes and must be renewed annually. It is valid for a maximum of seven years, through July 2023.

School of Business and Economics Gains New Accreditation

CUI’s School of Business and Economics recently received specialized accreditation from a business accreditor, the International Accreditation Council for Business Education (IACBE) and became the first school in the world to earn the IACBE’s specialized accounting accreditation.

READ ARTICLE

About the School of Business and Economics at Concordia University Irvine

The School of Business and Economics is home to the largest undergraduate program at Concordia University Irvine. Accredited by the International Accreditation Council for Business Education (IACBE), the undergraduate economics and business administration program offers emphases in accounting, business data analytics, finance, international business, management, marketing, and sports business. The MBA program focuses on business practice with flexibility for working professionals. Faculty include entrepreneurs and executives.

Additionally, the School of Business and Economics is home to the Center for Faith and Business, the annual Faith & Business Forum, the Business Insight Series, the Center for Civics Education, the Teen Entrepreneurship Academy and the Institute for Strategic Marketing.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

