cruiting and training candidates for political office on local, county, and state levels of government; advising and consulting on public policy initiatives in the crafting of policy items and advocacy to policymakers and the public at large; and coordinating strategic communications and messaging with clients to present to the public and key stakeholders.

Scott has served in various capacities for several elected officials, including State Senator John Moorlach. For six years he was Senator Moorlach's District Director, managing the training of District Office staff and overseeing all district office operations. In that capacity, he built and cultivated relationships with community leaders, business owners, charitable organizations, elected officials, constituents, and issue advocates throughout the community. In addition, he collaborated with local leaders to identify legislation needed to solve problems within the district; oversaw communications to traditional and social media; managed constituent services; and advocated for the Senator's legislative agenda in the community and with other legislative leaders.

Prior to service with Senator Moorlach, Scott was Senior Policy Advisor to Orange County Supervisor Shawn Nelson for five years where he researches and allayed policies affecting health care, social services, senior services, community resources, probation, proposed legislation, and other topics. He worked with the Communications Director to assist in drafting and editing press releases, newsletters, and social media messages and represented the Supervisor at many community and committee meetings when relevant policy issues were being addressed. Before joining Supervisor Nelson's county office, Scott served as Campaign Manager for Nelson's election to the Board of Supervisors.

Until recruited by Shawn Nelson's campaign, Scott was a Field Representative and Legislative Aide to California State Assemblymember Chuck DeVore, Scott spent one year in the State Capitol, coordinating DeVore's schedule, researching legislation, and staffing legislation through the legislative process.

Scott earned a B.A. in Political Science and History with a Minor in Business from Concordia University, Irvine in 2005. A Dean's Scholarship Recipient, Scott was active in student government, serving in the Student Senate from 2003-2004 and as Student Body Vice President from 2004-2005 as well as being a 4-year Work Study student.

Scott's public service and public affairs experience includes being the campaign manager for a proposed public policy measure in Newport Beach; serving as the Political Director for the Republican Party of Orange County; volunteering as an advisor for the YMCA Youth and Government model legislature and court program; and recruiting and organizing volunteers for mission trips to Tijuana to build and repair homes, gather food and supplies and raise funds for mission activities. he continues to serve as a Board Member of Yellow Ribbon America, an Irvine-based non-profit organization dedicated to supporting members of the military and their families.

Connect with the Center of Civics Education
 
 

For more information, please contact the Director:

Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham
Director, Center for Civics Education
JoEllen.Chatham@cui.edu
949-214-3200

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

