https://www.cui.edu/centers-institutes/center-for-civics-education/core-documents
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Center for Civics Education

About
Documents
Resources
Blog
Programs
Constitution Week
Becoming America
Beyond Degrees
Donate
Contact 
 
Documents
Why read primary sources and original documents?

Primary sources are more than laws and proclamations. They include relics, letters, diaries, newspapers, maps, music, art, physical objects, autobiographies and other artifacts – produced at specific times in history by people living in a wide array of diverse cultures.

Primary sources take us on journeys through time and the experiences of people who lived before us, the world in which they lived, and the challenges they faced. Unlike secondary sources which remove from us from the fullness of the context of history and often serve as commentaries on past events, primary sources help to immerse us more deeply into the past and how its future was defined.

Among numerous resources providing online access to primary sources are the National Archives; the Avalon Project at Yale University; the Library of Congress; and the Center for the Study of the American Constitution

When reading primary sources, consider the following:

What is the historical context? What was happening during that time period?
What was the purpose of the creator of the primary source?
What powerful ideas are expressed?
Who might have opposing ideas and where will you find those ideas expressed?
Are you able to view the primary source in its own time rather than viewing it through the lens of our own time?
Why was the source important in its time and what is its relevance in our own time?
Declaration of Independence
VIEW TRANSCRIPTION
 

Even after years of tension between Great Britain and her North American colonies, separation from British rule was not inevitable. After months of attempted negotiations and the clash between British soldiers and militiamen at Lexington and Concord, the Continental Congress voted on July 2, 1776, to formally declare independence. Two days later, on July 4, Congress approved the final language of the Declaration of Independence which listed grievances against King George III and his government. The Declaration began by asserting that “all men are created equal” and “endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights,” including “life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.”

Constitution
VIEW TRANSCRIPTION
 

Since ratification by New Hampshire on June 21, 1788, the Constitution of the United States has been the “supreme law of the land.” Drafted to remedy the inadequacies of the Articles of Confederation, the Constitution was designed to “form a more perfect union,” creating a federal form of government based on separation of powers, checks and balances and limited government derived from “We the people.”

Bill of Rights
VIEW TRANSCRIPTION
 

Among the most significant objections to the Constitution was its lack of a bill of rights. To facilitate ratification, promises were made to propose a bill of rights when the first Congress would convene, a promise kept in 1789 when Congress proposed twelve amendments to the Constitution guaranteeing freedom of religion, speech, press, assembly, bearing arms, jury trials, speedy and public trials and due process of law as well as protection from unreasonable searches and seizure, excessive bail, and cruel and unusual punishment. By December 15, 1791, ten of the twelve amendments were ratified and became known as the Bill of Rights.

Magna Carta
VIEW TRANSCRIPTION
 

Demanded and sealed by England’s King John in 1215, the Magna Carta is a charter of liberties declaring that both the king and his subjects are under to the rule of law and that the rights of “free men” are protected by “due process.” The majority of its sixty-three articles enumerated specific grievances against John, but articles 39 and 40 guaranteed judgment by one’s peers and proceedings according to “the law of the land” and “equal justice.” Magna Carta is acknowledged as the foundation of individual rights and constitutional government in Anglo-American jurisprudence and was essential to the founding principles of the American Revolution.

Emancipation Proclamation 
VIEW TRANSCRIPTION
 

Issued by President Abraham Lincoln on January 1, 1863, the Emancipation Proclamation freed the slaves of the Confederate States of America in the midst of the Civil War. Intended as a war measure to cripple the Confederacy, it was pivotal in changing the focus of the war from simply preserving the Union to including the abolition of slavery as well. At the conclusion of the war, Lincoln championed a constitutional amendment to abolish slavery, a goal finally achieved with ratification of the Thirteenth Amendment in December 1865, months after Lincoln’s assassination.

Connect with the Center of Civics Education
 
 

For more in