https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/sports-business
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Sports Business Major
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
Sports Business Major
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Lead in Sports Business Management

Sports today is a multi-billion dollar industry in the United States. Attendance at sporting events and participation in sport activity are at an all-time high. Given the economic magnitude and pervasive nature of popular sport in American society, the need has never been greater for professional sports business experts.

The sports business program utilizes experience-based curriculum to prepare you to be a leader in the sports industry. Our small classes offer instruction that will challenge you to apply what you have learned into actual sport settings. Our southern California location puts you in the best environment to learn from professional sports, college sports, Olympic sport training, health clubs, amateur sports, sport retail markets, sport facility management, golf venues, and sports agents in a professional setting. We offer a cutting-edge classroom experience by providing internship placement, guest lectures from the sport industries, and off-campus tours.

APPLY NOW

With a degree in sports business you will be prepared for positions in a variety of areas and job responsibilities, such as:

Facility management
Advertising
Sports information
Sports sponsorship
Sports broadcasting
Financial operations
Athletic fundraising
Risk management and legal issues
Corporate sales director
Campus intramural recreation
Facilities coordinator
Community sport and recreation
College athletic director
Marketing and promotions
Stadium and arena management
What Students Are Saying
Concordia's School of Business and Economics has made a difference in my life, and I owe many thanks to the staff and faculty that have supported me throughout these last four years. The textbook knowledge supported by the real world experiences from the professors has added much value for my future business career. I know that the financial and time investment into my education was definitely worth it, and I will carry this experience with me as I transition into my career. Additionally, I have lifelong mentors and coaches in my Concordia professors that I will be reliant upon as my career advances. Thank you, Concordia School of Business and Economics.

Nathan Schult

B.A. Business Administration, Accounting
B.A. Business Administration, Finance

 
 

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
IACBE Accreditation

As you research Business Schools, you may notice that some business programs are accredited by organizations with long acronyms such as AACSB, IACBE, and ACBSP. What is accreditation and why does it matter? Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. The Concordia School of Business and Economics chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with IACBE to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

LEARN MORE
Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s School of Business and Economics are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Neighboring Well

Joshua Mundell ’17
Founder, NeighborING

Way back when, people would ask neighborhood kids for help with household chores—moving furniture, hanging pictures or watching children. Joshua Mundell ’17, business graduate and current MBA student, wants to bring those days back—with an entrepreneurial twist.

READ STORY
Where Our Alumni Are Working

The value of an education is demonstrated by the success our graduates enjoy upon completion of their degree. Concordia University Irvine grads are respected in the many industries in which they find skillful work. Here are just a few of the places our alumni have recently been employed.

Adidas
Albertsons Companies, Inc.
KPMG
Los Angeles Clippers
Marriott
Misty May Treanor Sports Complex
Northwestern Mutual
Walt Disney Co.
Opportunities For Sports Business Majors

Today's employers are looking for applicants that work well with a team, are good at decision-making and have excellent communication skills. Our Career Services Office, Business Department, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice these skills outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Sports Business major, you can augment your studies with a related minor, another major (dual major), or a pre-professional program. Opportunities also exist where you can earn a dual degree by studying in Paris for a year or transition directly into our MBA program.

Accounting Minor
Business Minor
Business Data Analytics Minor
Economics Minor
Marketing Minor
Sports Business Minor
Economics Major
Actuarial Science Program
Pre-Business Program
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
School of Business and Economics
Extracurricular Activities

The School of Business and Economics offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions with business students from other universities.

Business Insights Series
Center for Global Business
Center for Civics Education
Delta Sigma Pi Business Fraternity
Enactus
Institute for Strategic Marketing
LCEF National Student Marketing Competition
International Business Club
Sports Management Club
Internships

Every student pursuing a bachelor degree in business is required to complete an internship before graduation. Concordia enjoys good working relationships with a large number of businesses in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

Automobile Club of Southern California
Bank of America
Disneyland Resort
Make-A-Wish Foundation
Merrill Lynch
New York Life Insurance Company
Northwestern Mutual
Oakley, Inc.
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Quiksilver
TOMS Shoes
Western Digital Corporation
Curriculum

This flowchart shows the required business emphasis courses you will need to take to earn your Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration: Sport Management emphasis. If you have any questions, please contact your Academic Advisor.

SPORTS BUSINESS CORE
54 Units
ACT 211: Financial Accounting
3

Basic elements of accounting and methods of gathering and reporting financial data will be examined in this course, including a study of financial statements, journalizing financial transactions, merchandising activities, investments in property, plant and equipment; and depreciation as it applies to corporations. Prerequisite: BUS 201.

ACT 212: Managerial Accounting
3

This decision-making course will be based on accounting concepts and will include equity financing, introduction to management accounting, cost terms and concepts, cost accumulation systems, product costing systems, and analyzing cost behavior patterns, including cost-volume-profit relationships. Prerequisite: ACT 211.

BUS 224: Business Writing and Presentations
1

This course will be a study and practice of effective strategies for clear business communication in both written and oral forms, as well as the technology to access and share information.


BUS 251: Legal Environment of Business
3

This course prepares students to think factually and analytically at the areas of law that affect agreements and commerce between individuals and entities in the areas of, but not limited to, contracts, torts, entity formation, agency, real property, estate and trusts and investor protection.


BUS 261: Business Analysis Tools and Business Statistics
3

This course will focus on business analysis and problem solving strategies through the application of Microsoft Excel and deployment of business statistics analytics.


BUS 483: Business Ethics
3

The purpose of this course is to develop a foundation for business ethical decision making and ethical evaluation. The focus includes global and domestic economic, social and legal environmental issues. Ideals, laws and values are evaluated with application of Business Ethics theory and philosophy. Case studies and classical literature underscore learning modalities embracing ethical decision making and analysis. A culmination of previous work is applied. Prerequisites: Business or Economics major with Senior standing.


ECO 201: Macroeconomics
3

This is a survey course of the scope and methods of the study of the principles of macroeconomics. Topics will include decision-making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the determination of prices, the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems, international trade and foreign exchange, financial markets, the role and objectives of government in economic policy.


OR

ECO 202: Microeconomics
3

This is a course covering principles of microeconomics. Topics will include decision‐making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the determination of prices, international trade, elements of industrial organization and varying degrees of competition, and the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems.

FIN 331: Finance
3

This is an introductory course to the principles and practices of managerial finance, sources and methods of raising capital, cash flow analysis, financial statement analysis, financial markets, and stockholder equity concerns. Additional concepts will include decision making with risk and use of operation and financial leverage. Prerequisites: General education math requirements and ACT 211.

MGT 321: Management
3

This introductory course will look at the areas of planning, organizing, staffing, and controlling with an emphasis on responsibility and authority, delegation and decentralization, line-staff relationship organization charting, communication, and reaction to change Interpersonal skills, motivation, leadership, and organizational resource management will also be studied. Prerequisites: BUS 201 and BUS 224. Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

MKT 341: Marketing
3

This is a survey course of marketing principles and theory. The course supports a practical applied approach to the marketing mix, consumer and industrial markets, market research, plus the challenges of the competitive marketplace. The course also includes an introduction to the issues of globalization. Prerequisite: BUS 201. Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

SPBU 222: Introduction to Sport Business
3

This course will provide knowledge about the broad field of sport management and the elements of managing people, operations, finance, and the work environment in a variety of sport settings. Insight into strategies for professional preparation and career opportunities will also be discussed. Special topics to be covered in the course include public relations, marketing, legal issues, interviewing, leadership, effective communication, sport ethics, and perspectives on international sports.


SPBU 323: Sport Marketing and Sponsorship
3

This course will study the multidimensional aspects of marketing principles in the sport industry. Topics to be covered will study the multiple facets that need to be considered in sport marketing, such as; marketing mix, branding, licensing agreements, use of social media, event promotion, segmentation, endorsements, and corporate partnerships. These marketing skills will be combined as the student develops a comprehensive marketing campaign. Prerequisite: SPBU 222.

SPBU 326: Sport Operations and Facility Management
3

This course will focus on sport facility and event management. Topics will include new arenas and stadiums, health clubs, collegiate athletic facilities, and city outdoor and indoor recreation centers. This class will cover numerous aspects of facilities that include construction sites, hosting events, facility marketing, naming rights, concession concerns, ADA requirements, heating, AC, green facilities, and economic impact studies. Students will be required to develop their own plans for specific sport facilities and events. Prerequisite: SPBU 222.

SPBU 350: Sport Law
3

This course provides and in-depth study and analysis of legal principles specifically related to sport business. It will include aspects of ethical issues, salary cap, antitrust exemption, labor laws, free agency, sport gambling, athlete/agent representation, collective bargaining, broadcast rights, risk management, areas of negligence, intellectual property rights, discrimination, Title IX, ADA, and collegiate sport laws. A key instruction tool in the class will be recent Sport Law Case Studies.


SPBU 420: Finance and Economics of Sports
3

This course will examine the factors and ramifications of financial issues on sport organizations and events. This will include the analysis of financial statements, financial resource management, short and long term budgeting and forecasting, investment strategies, stadium/arena financing, and grant acquisition. Additional focus will be applied to analyzing and evaluating the impact different sport industries have on local, regional and global economies. Prerequisites: FIN 331 and SPBU 222.

SPBU 430: The Profession of Sport Management
3

This course will provide the students the opportunity to demonstrate the knowledge and skills they have attained throughout the Sport Management Program. There will be an emphasis placed on Christian ethical leadership needed in the sport industry. Activities in the class will provide opportunities for each student to investigate what influence their sport management leadership skills will have on sport organizations at any level. Prerequisite: SPBU 222.

SPBU 475: Sport Management Strategy
3

This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses. Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: Business Major with Senior Standing and FIN 331 and MGT 321 and MKT 341.


SPBU 490A: Professional Development and Internship Emphasis
2

The CUI School of Business and Economics Internship facilitates a student’s transition from academic theory to real‐life business practices and builds professional networks. An internship related to a student’s academic emphasis helps clarify goals, adds value to the CUI academic experience and opens doors to future employment. The course provides practice in the development of a personal brand as well as skills needed in the pursuit of an internship and eventual employment followed by an off‐site internship. Students meet with their internship director before beginning the off‐site internship for advice and placement approval. Periodic student reports and written feedback from the sponsoring business are required and must demonstrate the skill acquired during the internship. Students must take a minimum cumulative total of two (2) units earned in one (1) unit credit hours. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisites: Business Major with Junior or Senior standing and MGT 321 and BUS 224.

Choose one of the following courses:
COM 371: Introduction to Social Media
3

This course will explore the fundamentals of and introduce social media and other emerging technologies and tools, current trends and future directions, benefits, values, and risks. Case studies will be reviewed to assess how social media impacts and influences fields such as communication and marketing and how it informs future trends and developments. Prerequisites: (WRT 102 or WRT 201) and (COM 280 or MKT 341).


MGT 424: Human Resource Management
3

As a study on how organizations obtain, maintain, and retain their human resources, this course will examine current organizational theory, research, and practice regarding variables that influence human behavior in organizations. Prerequisite: MGT 321.

MKT 344: The Advertising Agency
3

A managerial approach to promotional campaign development with an emphasis on advertising strategy as a component of the total market mix will be presented in this course. Students will apply research techniques to target audience identification, message development, creative executive, and media planning as they design a complete campaign for a specified client. Prerequisite: MKT 341 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

MKT 353: Professional Selling
3

This course focuses on the study of the principles of selling and basic sales concepts. Topics will include: Competitive advantage, researching company and competitor information, value proposition, customer needs, listening; communication skills, presenting information, negotiation, and closing skills. Prerequisite: MKT 341 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

MKT 442: Marketing Research
3

This course seeks to provide an applied approach to the techniques and concepts of marketing research and its critical relevance to effective management decisions. Students will develop competency in survey methods and statistical analysis techniques. The course supports classic marketing approaches and the role of research in assisting corporate strategies in optimizing financial performance. Prerequisites: General education math requirements and MKT 341.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the School of Business and Economics are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with best business practices, real-world experience, as well as a Christian moral, ethical, and value perspective of leadership.

Mark Francis
Director of Sport Business Program & Assistant Professor

Professor Mark Francis’s involvement in local, regional, national, and international sport management has led to his success with the professional sports community throughout Southern California and has helped him secure professional internships for students that have included the LA Angels, LA Dodgers, San Diego Padres, Steinberg Sports & Entertainment, Golden Boy Promotions, Sports 1 Marketing, LA Galaxy, Rose Bowl, and the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.

Read More »

Kim Chatani
Full-Time Faculty

Professor Kim Chatani is an Adjunct MBA professor and teaches Accounting and Finance undergraduate courses. He has had an impressive career, with experience including numerous senior level positions at notable organizations and audit and consulting clientele including many global and large enterprises. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), Certified Internal Services Auditor (CISA), and a Forensic Certified Public Accountant (FCPA). He is also a published author and expert on the topics of fraud and cyber-security.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

SPORTS BUSINESS FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Resources

Learn more about Concordia's School of Business and Economics from the student handbook.

STUDENT HANDBOOK

Get In Touch

For more information about any of the many rewarding education programs at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

 

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

