https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/sports-business
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Sports Business Major
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
Sports Business Major
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Lead in Sports Business Management

Sports today is a multi-billion dollar industry in the United States. Attendance at sporting events and participation in sport activity are at an all-time high. Given the economic magnitude and pervasive nature of popular sport in American society, the need has never been greater for professional sports business experts.

The sports business program utilizes experience-based curriculum to prepare you to be a leader in the sports industry. Our small classes offer instruction that will challenge you to apply what you have learned into actual sport settings. Our southern California location puts you in the best environment to learn from professional sports, college sports, Olympic sport training, health clubs, amateur sports, sport retail markets, sport facility management, golf venues, and sports agents in a professional setting. We offer a cutting-edge classroom experience by providing internship placement, guest lectures from the sport industries, and off-campus tours.

APPLY NOW

With a degree in sports business you will be prepared for positions in a variety of areas and job responsibilities, such as:

Facility management
Advertising
Sports information
Sports sponsorship
Sports broadcasting
Financial operations
Athletic fundraising
Risk management and legal issues
Corporate sales director
Campus intramural recreation
Facilities coordinator
Community sport and recreation
College athletic director
Marketing and promotions
Stadium and arena management
What Students Are Saying
Concordia's School of Business and Economics has made a difference in my life, and I owe many thanks to the staff and faculty that have supported me throughout these last four years. The textbook knowledge supported by the real world experiences from the professors has added much value for my future business career. I know that the financial and time investment into my education was definitely worth it, and I will carry this experience with me as I transition into my career. Additionally, I have lifelong mentors and coaches in my Concordia professors that I will be reliant upon as my career advances. Thank you, Concordia School of Business and Economics.

Nathan Schult

B.A. Business Administration, Accounting
B.A. Business Administration, Finance

 
 

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
IACBE Accreditation

As you research Business Schools, you may notice that some business programs are accredited by organizations with long acronyms such as AACSB, IACBE, and ACBSP. What is accreditation and why does it matter? Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. The Concordia School of Business and Economics chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with IACBE to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

LEARN MORE
Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s School of Business and Economics are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Neighboring Well

Joshua Mundell ’17
Founder, NeighborING

Way back when, people would ask neighborhood kids for help with household chores—moving furniture, hanging pictures or watching children. Joshua Mundell ’17, business graduate and current MBA student, wants to bring those days back—with an entrepreneurial twist.

READ STORY
Where Our Alumni Are Working

The value of an education is demonstrated by the success our graduates enjoy upon completion of their degree. Concordia University Irvine grads are respected in the many industries in which they find skillful work. Here are just a few of the places our alumni have recently been employed.

Adidas
Albertsons Companies, Inc.
KPMG
Los Angeles Clippers
Marriott
Misty May Treanor Sports Complex
Northwestern Mutual
Walt Disney Co.
Opportunities For Sports Business Majors

Today's employers are looking for applicants that work well with a team, are good at decision-making and have excellent communication skills. Our Career Services Office, Business Department, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice these skills outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Sports Business major, you can augment your studies with a related minor, another major (dual major), or a pre-professional program. Opportunities also exist where you can earn a dual degree by studying 