dine Strossen

A Professor of Constitutional Law and the first woman national President of the American Civil Liberties Union, Nadine Strossen provides a thoughtful and powerful essay of interest to political conservatives and liberals alike – dispelling misunderstandings plaguing our perennial debates about “hate speech v. free speech.”

Reviewing U. S. law as well as citing hate-speech laws in other countries, Strossen argues that the best way to resist hate and promote equality is not censorship, but rather, vigorous “counter-speech” and activism. She concludes that “the progress we already have made [with respect to liberty, equality, democracy, individual well-being and societal harmony] – through more speech, not less – should encourage us to stay the course. All of us must exercise what it the most essential right of all, for promoting these vital causes: the right not to remain silent.

View a conversation with Nadine Strossen here.

Frederick Douglass: Prophet of Freedom by David W. Blight

Born a slave who escaped at the age of twenty, Douglass mastered the skill of reading and writing to become one of the greatest writers of his era and a celebrated orator for the cause of abolition. A believer with considerable knowledge of the Bible, he warned America about the evils of slavery, advised President Abraham Lincoln and is considered by many to be the African American founder of the nation’s second republic – a new nation arising from the Civil War.

One of the New York Times’ 10 Best Books of the Year, this monumental biography is a must for anyone who wants to understand the complete history of the United States.

Witnesses at the Creation: Hamilton, Madison, Jay and the Constitution by Richard B. Morris

Following the drafting of the Constitution in 1787, its drafters faced an uphill battle to achieve its ratification. Detractors were quick to point out its flaws as well as seizing on the peoples’ opposition to a strong national government which, they feared, would threaten the independence and authority of the individual states. Alexander Hamilton, James Madison and John Jay sought to explain the new Constitution section by section to counter arguments of its opponents and assuage the concerns of the people.

Initially printed as a series of newspaper articles, the individual papers were soon circulated in book form and became the most authoritative explanation of the Constitution and why is should be ratified. Witnesses is a vivid story of three men and their unparalleled contribution to the founding of the United States.

Connect with the Center of Civics Education
 
 

For more information, please contact the Director:

Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham
Director, Center for Civics Education
JoEllen.Chatham@cui.edu
949-214-3200

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

