https://www.cui.edu/centers-institutes/center-for-civics-education/internships
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Center for Civics Education

About
Documents
Resources
Blog
Programs
Constitution Week
Becoming America
Beyond Degrees
Donate
Contact 
INTERNSHIPS
Center for Civics Education
Internships

The Center for Civics Education is building a database of internships available in local, state and federal government offices and agencies, public policy organizations, non-profit organizations and think tanks.

Internships provide many benefits for college students, including job experience, building a resume, creating and expanding a professional network, securing references, and helping to guide students as you make career decisions. They also offer opportunities to be mentored by professionals in your desired field of study and work and give you an advantage transitioning from college to professional life.

Intern opportunities vary considerably in terms of qualifications for internship candidates, tasks and responsibilities assigned to interns, length of internship service, and whether or not the internship position is compensated.

The Center does not provide counseling or placement services for internships but encourages students to contact organizations and agencies on their own or contact Concordia's Center for Career and Vocation for general internship assistance.

United States House of Representatives

Members of the House of Representatives provide various internship opportunities high school, college and graduate students in their district and Washington, D. C. offices. District office responsibilities may include basic administrative tasks, writing letters, sorting mail, attending local community events, assisting with constituent casework, responding to constituents and other duties as assigned.

Washington, D.C. interns may conduct legislative research, assist with constituent requests, attend briefings and hearings, perform basic administrative tasks, draft form letters, track legislation and other duties as assigned.

Representative Lou Correa (D)
Representative Young Kim (R)
Representative Mike Levin (D)
Representative Katie Porter (D)
Representative Linda Sanchez (D)
Representative Michelle Steele (R)
Local Government
Orange County Policy and Legislative Affairs Summer Internships –

Duties may include assisting staff in day-to-day operations in a Supervisor’s office, including answering inquiries by phone and written communications; preparing letters and memos, certificates, reports or proclamations; research; analyzing policy; attending meetings or public events; administrative duties and others as assigned.

Connect with the Center of Civics Education
 
 

For more information, please contact the Director:

Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham
Director, Center for Civics Education
JoEllen.Chatham@cui.edu
949-214-3200

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

