is field of endeavor. Russell Dawn, Professor of History and Political Thought,” shared the faith and public service Frederick Muhlenberg, “An American Original and First to Sign the US Bill of Rights.” Muhlenberg was elected to the First Congress under the Constitution and was elected as its First Speaker. It was in that capacity that his signature was the first to be placed on the proposed Constitutional amendments that became the Bill of Rights. He shared his vocation as a Lutheran pastor with his two brothers who also made notable contributions in public service

To learn more about the Muhlenberg family, consider reading The Muhlenbergs of Pennsylvania by Paula A. Wallace.

 
History-making Lutherans: Dietrich Bonhoeffer
December 5, 2017

Concordia University Irvine’s commemoration of the 500th anniversary of the Protestant Revolution, the Center for Public Policy organized a lecture series focusing on “Heroes of the Faith.” Each lecture was presented by a CUI faculty member and focused on a significant Lutheran who had made important contributions in his field of endeavor. The fifth and final lecture, “The Cost of Discipleship: Theologian, Pastor, Spy, Anti-Nazi, Dissident and Martyr,” focused on the life, writings and sacrifice of Dietrich Bonhoeffer,” was presented by Joel Oesch, Professor of Theology. As a founder of the “Confessing Church,” Bonhoeffer’s writings were influential in both the Christian and secular worlds. As a public and vocal opponent of the Nazi regime, he was hanged during the last days of the Nazi regime.

The Cost of Discipleship is among the most significant of Bonhoeffer’s writings and well worth reading.

Jeffersonian Dinner
January 23, 2018

The Center for Public Policy hosted a “Jeffersonian Dinner” at the Pacific Club to inquire of a diverse group of Orange County leaders their thoughts and opinions about the twin problems of the low levels of civic literacy and civil discourse throughout the nation. Modeled on numerous historic dinners hosted by Thomas Jefferson, the gathering of fourteen included the chairmen of both the Orange County Republican and Democratic parties; the President of the Orange County Business Council; the President of the Orange County School Boards Association; the General Manager of the Orange County Employees Union; a representative from the California Policy Center and the Orange County Democratic Foundation; a former reporter from “Excelsior,” the Orange County Register’s Spanish language edition; a member of the Center’s Advisory Board; the Center’s Director; the President of the Black Chamber of Commerce and several others.

The broad diversity of thought and opinion was essential to defining the nature of the issues under discussion, the importance of those issues to a thriving and viable republican form of government, and consideration of action and activities that might be introduced to improve civic literacy and civil public discourse in our Orange County community. The conversation was robust and resulted in a significant degree of consensus regarding not only the importance of the issues but on creative ideas to address them in our community.

Thank you to John Gates, member of the Center’s Advisory Board, for arranging for our dinner to be held at the Pacific Club.

And…if you are interested in what it was like to have dinner at Monticello, Jefferson’s home, take a look at “Taste of History” on YouTube.

 
Asian-American Roundtable
June 14, 2018

To assist in introducing Concordia University Irvine to Asian-American leaders, the Center arranged for an Asian-American Roundtable which included Concordia's President Kurt Krueger, Provost Peter Senkbeil, and other Concordia administrators. Among leaders of the Asian-American community were Charlie and Ling Zhang, founders of Zion Enterprises; Carol Choi, United Exchange Corporation; Sheng Jiang, Irvine Music Festival; Esther Koh; Anthony Kuo, Irvine Planning Commission; Van Tran, international business attorney and former State Assemblyman; and others.

 
Ellis Island Medalists Share Its Meaning
June 27, 2018

The Center’s Director, Jo Ellen Chatham, arranged for a panel discussion for the Pacific Club’s Distinguished Speakers’ Series featuring three recipients of the Ellis Island Medal of Honor. Awarded to individuals “whose work has made a lasting impact on humanity, recognizes the combined professional achievements and humanitarian work of U. S. citizens, both native born and naturalized.” Since its creation in 1986, the award has been given to seven U.S. Presidents and a number of Orange Countians, including Jim Doti, Gaddi Vasquez, Hazem Chehabi, Henry Segerstrom, and others. The panel shared their experiences as community, business and philanthropic leaders as well as their response to having been awarded the Medal and its meaning to them.

The panel included Charlie Zhang, founder of Pick-up-Stix and philanthropist; Sir Bruno Serato, the Anaheim White House restaurant and philanthrop