https://www.cui.edu/centers-institutes/center-for-civics-education/programs
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Center for Civics Education

About
Documents
Resources
Blog
Programs
Constitution Week
Becoming America
Beyond Degrees
Donate
Contact 
 
Our Programs

The Center for Civics Education has facilitated a variety of programs and events through the history of Concordia.  Check out some of our previous events!

2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Primary Election Analysis and Discussion
June 9, 2016

The Center for Public Policy hosted a post-primary election analysis and discussion featuring Henry Vandermier, Chairman of the Democratic Party of Orange County, and Fred Whitaker, Chairman of the Republican Party of Orange County. In a lively but civil and friendly exchange, the two political leaders disagreed, and at times, even agreed on what the results portend for the November general elections. Both are members of the Center’s Advisory Board. Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, the Center’s new Director, moderated the discussion.

 
Orange County Pastors Gathering
October 6, 2016

The Center for Public Policy co-sponsored with the Lincoln Club of Orange County, Biola University, Azusa Pacific University and Trinity Law School a meeting for pastors and education leaders to consider the impacts of SB 1146 on faith-based schools and colleges. The bill is intended to restrict faith-based colleges and schools from discriminating on the grounds of sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression. It could result in the loss of public funding of faith-based institutions and their students.

Among those participating were Assemblywoman Young Kim and Brad Dacus, President of the Pacific Justice Institute. The program was moderated by Myron Steeves, Professor of Constitutional Law at Trinity Law School.

 
Remembering December 7
October 26, 2016

John Gates, President of the Orange County Navy League and member of the Center for Public Policy Advisory Board, led a team to honor veteran survivors of the December 7, 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor that prompted the United States to officially enter World War II. The Center made small contributions to the event by providing a rare, original World War II poster powerfully memorializing the attack and arranging for the invocation to recall the sacred work of the military chaplains who were charged with notifying families, setting up medical aid facilities, assisting in identifying the dead, and officiating at more than 2400 funerals. Because many casualties were unidentified and their individual faiths were unknown, their funerals were conducted by inter-faith teams of a Protestant Chaplain, a Catholic Chaplain and a Jewish Chaplain, working together to read Scripture, pray and honor those who had died in service to their country.

To view excerpts of the program, click here.

 
Preserving Religious Freedom
October 28, 2016

In collaboration with State Senator John Moorlach and his District Director, Scott Carpenter, the Center for Public Policy co-sponsored a Private University Roundtable to address threats to public funding for students at faith-based educational institutions and other religious freedoms. Concordia University Irvine’s President, Kurt Krueger, welcomed the attendees and opened with an invocation, followed by Senator Moorlach who described the acceleration of trends challenging religious freedom and Pepperdine’s Pete Peterson who offered practical responses those challenges and the importance of civic engagement.

Among those attending the event were Dr. Barry Corey, President of Biola University; Ronald Ellis, President of California Baptist University; Dr. Richard Kriegbaum, President of Fresno Pacific University; Paul Ague, President of San Diego Christian College; Dr. Michael Beals, President of Vanguard University; and others.

 
Concordia Honors Fallen Alumnus
November 10, 2016

On November 10, 2016, Concordia University Irvine renamed its Veterans Resource Center as the U. S. Staff Sgt. Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center in honor of its fallen Concordia alumnus, Staff Sgt. Thompson, killed in Afghanistan on August 23, 2016 due to injuries sustained by an explosive device that detonated near his patrol while conducting operations. The dedication and ribbon-cutting ceremony were attended by members of Staff Sgt. Thompson’s family, members of the Concordia family, elected officials and others.

The Director of Concordia’s Center for Public Policy assisted the event by securing the attendance of a number of elected officials, including Congresswoman Mimi Walters, who presented a certificate to Concordia President Kurt Krueger and spoke at the event.

KABC news’ coverage can be viewed here.

 
Noted Journalist Eleanor Clift Visits Concordia
November 16, 2016

Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, Director of the Center for Public Policy, arranged for Eleanor Clift, popular nationally acclaim