6, Concordia University Irvine renamed its Veterans Resource Center as the U. S. Staff Sgt. Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center in honor of its fallen Concordia alumnus, Staff Sgt. Thompson, killed in Afghanistan on August 23, 2016 due to injuries sustained by an explosive device that detonated near his patrol while conducting operations. The dedication and ribbon-cutting ceremony were attended by members of Staff Sgt. Thompson’s family, members of the Concordia family, elected officials and others.

The Director of Concordia’s Center for Public Policy assisted the event by securing the attendance of a number of elected officials, including Congresswoman Mimi Walters, who presented a certificate to Concordia President Kurt Krueger and spoke at the event.

KABC news’ coverage can be viewed here.

 
Noted Journalist Eleanor Clift Visits Concordia
November 16, 2016

Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, Director of the Center for Public Policy, arranged for Eleanor Clift, popular nationally acclaimed news columnist and political pundit, to participate in the Center’s Advisory Board meeting, a roundtable for senior Concordia administrators and staff, and later in the day as the featured speaker at the Orange County Forum, where she was interviewed by the Center’s Director, Jo Ellen Chatham. Clift addressed a variety of current public policy issues, her career as a journalist and commentator, and the topics of several books authored during her long and noted career.

We appreciate David Loy, Peter Senkbeil and the Council of Independent Colleges for helping to facilitate the university’s participation.

 
Center Sponsors “State of the County”
November 29, 2016

On November 29, 2016 the Center sponsored the “State of the County” lunch, an annual event initiated by Keith Curry, founder of CUI’s Center for Public Policy. Before a large audience of community leaders, Lisa Bartlett, Chairwoman of the Orange County Board of Supervisors, presented an overview of issues facing the County and how the Board was addressing them. The engaged audience filled the ballroom at the Irvine Marriott Hotel and offered perceptive questions and comments in response the Chairwoman’s comments on regional mobility, homelessness and other important issues.

National Market Study Offers Recommendations for Concordia
March, 2017

With support and cooperation from George Wright and the School of Business, the Center initiated a national market survey to assess the demand for an academic program in public affairs. Performed by Hanover Research, the study was received this month and reported findings on student market demand, overall market demand, and the competitive marketplace. Key findings included: 1) Concordia’s proposed program would best meet student demand as a post-bachelor’s certificate or master’s-level program; 2) Individuals with a degree in public affairs are likely to find a favorable employment landscape; 3) Data point to the need for increased and directed education and training among public affairs professionals; 4) Programs face competition from public policy and administration programs; and 5) Concordia can differentiate itself by offering online program options and unique concentration opportunities.

The report will be followed by two focus groups of Orange County public affairs professionals with various levels of experience, scheduled for June 23 and July 7.

 
Preparing To Counter Threats To Religious Freedom
March 30, 2017

The Center’s Director, Jo Ellen Chatham, represented Concordia University Irvine at “Fairness for All,” an all-day strategic meeting of representatives from a range of private and faith-based colleges and universities, to consider challenges to free expression and free exercise of religious beliefs and practices and how to respond to them. Convened at Life Pacific College in San Dimas, the conversation included impacts of SB 4611 as well as other state and federal legislation.

 
Concordia’s Entrepreneur Academy
July 25, 2017

Center Director, Jo Ellen Chatham, participated as a team judge and coach during Concordia University Irvine’s annual summer Teen Entrepreneur Academy  developed and organized by School of Business Dean Steve Christiansen. The program is a hands-on, one-week residential program designed to teach high school students best business practices, principles of free enterprise, teamwork and how to start and launch their own businesses. Each student team develops a written business plan and gives an oral presentation on the last day of competition when winning teams are selected and receives monetary rewards.

 
Concordia President Participates in Orange County Forum Roundtable
September 20, 2017

Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, Director of the Center for Public Policy and Board Member of the Orange County Forum, led the team organizing a program to consider “Competition and Innovation at OC’s Private Universities.” Kurt Kruger, Concordia’s President, was joined by Daniele Struppa, President of Chapma