 the United States Commission on Civil Rights; Dr. Tom Campbell, former Member of Congress and Dean of the Chapman School of Law; Dr. Larry Arnn, President of Hillsdale College; Dr. Bryan Santin, Professor at Concordia University Irvine; Dr. John Kaminski, Founder and Director of the Center for the Study of the American Constitution; Major General James Williams (Ret), USMC; and others.

The series can be viewed on YouTube or the Center’s website

Remembering 9-11
Sept. 11, 2021

Under the direction of Jeff Held, Concordia University Irvine Professor of Orchestral Activities and Assistant Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences, the Concordia Wind Orchestra performed a concert to commemorate the twentieth anniversary of the attacks on America on September 11, 2021. Center Director Jo Ellen Chatham arranged for a special presentation to precede the concert, featuring Jackie Charnley. When the attacks occurred, Charnley was in the second World Tower building, barely escaping before the building collapsed, killing hundreds. She shared her harrowing experience with the concert audience and how she and her companions were able to get out of the building, across the river to safety.

 
Celebrating Constitution Week
September 13 - 17, 2021

Under the leadership of the Center for Civics Education and in collaboration with the Departments of English and History/Political Thought, the Center for Student Leadership and Development, the Associated Students of CUI, the Veterans Resource Center and the CUI Library, Concordia University Irvine celebrated Constitution Week with an array of events and activities.

An educational kiosk was set up in front of the cafeteria for three hours on Monday through Thursday. Staffed by student volunteers, Professor Jeff Malinson and Center Director Jo Ellen Chatham, free pocket Constitutions and TUITs were distributed along with written quizzes, anagrams, word searches, and cross word puzzles – all devoted to the Constitution and available to everyone. Computers were available for taking online Constitutional tests and to determine whether individuals’ political philosophies was more like those of James Madison, Alexander Hamilton and other Founding Fathers.

Representative Michele Steel Visits CUI
April 12, 2022

On April 12, the Center for Civics Education convened a Town Hall meeting with Republican Congressional Representative Michelle Steel. Before an audience of students, faculty and staff, Rep. Steel related her experience as an immigrant from Korea and how she entered the field of politics, including serving on the Orange County Board of Supervisors before being elected to Congress. Among her many public policy objectives are reducing onerous taxes and regulations impacting small businesses.

Before the Town Hall, Rep. Steel met with President Michael Thomas, the President of the Associated Student Body, as well as top administrators and other representatives of the Associated Students of CUI.

 
Representative Katie Porter Visits CUI
April 20, 2022

On April 20, 2022, the Center for Civics Education convened a second Town Hall meeting, this time with Democratic Congressional Representative Katie Porter. Concordia University Irvine is in Rep. Porter’s congressional district. Prior to being elected to Congress, Porter, a single mother of three, taught at the University of California Law School. Before an audience of students, faculty and staff, Rep. concentrated most of her remarks on student loan forgiveness and her role as a consumer advocate in Congress.

Before the Town Hall, Rep. Porter met with President Michael Thomas, the Vice President of the Associated Student body as well as top administrators and representatives of the Associated Students of CUI.

 
Becoming America: Lecture Series at the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum
September 13, 2022 – February 28, 2023

Co-sponsored by the Center for Civics Education, the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum, and the National Archives and Records Administration, a series of eighteen lectures was delivered at the Library focusing on the history, meaning and current application of the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. Titled “Becoming America: How We Gained and Secured Freedom and Self-Government,” the lectures were delivered by Dr. Bryan Santin, Professor of English and History at Concordia University Irvine; Lisa Matthews, former Adjunct Professor of History and Political Thought at Concordia University Irvine; Dr. Volker Janssen and Dr. Robert Robinson, both Professors at California State University Fullerton; and Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, Director of the Center for Civics Education and Adjunct Professor at Concordia University Irvine.

Each lecture was live streamed on the Richard Nixon Library You Tube channel and remains available on that channel as well as on the Center’s website.

 
Religious Freedom In the Dock
September 29, 2022

Center Director Jo Ellen Chatham and Scott Carpenter, p