al Archives and Records Administration, a series of eighteen lectures was delivered at the Library focusing on the history, meaning and current application of the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. Titled “Becoming America: How We Gained and Secured Freedom and Self-Government,” the lectures were delivered by Dr. Bryan Santin, Professor of English and History at Concordia University Irvine; Lisa Matthews, former Adjunct Professor of History and Political Thought at Concordia University Irvine; Dr. Volker Janssen and Dr. Robert Robinson, both Professors at California State University Fullerton; and Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, Director of the Center for Civics Education and Adjunct Professor at Concordia University Irvine.

Each lecture was live streamed on the Richard Nixon Library You Tube channel and remains available on that channel as well as on the Center’s website.

 
Religious Freedom In the Dock
September 29, 2022

Center Director Jo Ellen Chatham and Scott Carpenter, past Vice President of the CUI student government and former aide to State Senator John Moorlach, were invited as guests of the First Liberty Institute to Carlsbad for an evening of presentations and discussions about religious liberty.

First Liberty Institute is the largest legal organization in the United States dedicated exclusively to defending religious liberty for all Americans, for those of any faith or no faith at all. The First Amendment’s guarantee of freedom of worship and the prohibition of establishing religion by Congress have been subjects of legal interpretation in the Supreme Court for generations. The Center was honored to have been invited.

Support the Black Chamber of Commerce of Orange County
February, 2023

Bobby McDonald, President of the Orange County Black Chamber of Commerce and member of the Advisory Board for the Center for Civics Education, hosted a Future Leaders Luncheon to educate and encourage young people to be active in business and the community. Held during Black History Month at The Grove in Anaheim, the event attracted business and community leaders from all walks of life. The Center for Civics Education was proud to provide more than 300 pocket-sized Constitution to all who attended.

 
Political Leaders Address the Issues
Feb 2, 2023

The Center for Civics Education continues to engage with the Orange County Forum, especially providing assistance for programs relating to education, public policy and public service. Jo Ellen Chatham, the Center’s Director and Board member of the Forum, worked closely with Henry Mendoza to invite a panel of Democratic and Republican leaders to discuss “What’s New in Politics?” The panel included Shawn Steel, Republican Party National Committeeman from California; Rusty Hicks, California Democratic Party Chair; Randall Avila, Orange County Republican Party Executive Director; and Ajay Mohan, Orange County Democratic Party Executive Director. The sold-out event was moderated by Rick Reiff, former Editor-at-Large of the
Orange County Business Journal
.

The program can be viewed at OC Forum | Videos.

Presenting a “TUIT” to Former Vice President Pence
April 19, 2023

Attending an Energy Conference at the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum, Center Director Jo Ellen Chatham had the opportunity to present a “TUIT” to former Vice President Mike Pence. From “one Hoosier to another,” Pence was intrigued by the TUIT and saw its advantage over a pocket-size Constitution.

A “TUIT” simply is a reminder to “get around to it…” in this case, to read the Constitution. The reverse side of the TUIT includes the Center’s website address and a QR code which gives instant access to the Constitution on your cell phone.

To view Vice President Pence’s remarks, look at the Nixon National Energy Conference webpage.

Beyond Degrees Professional Workshop Program Launched
April 27, 2023

The Center for Civics Education announced its new “Beyond Degrees” project at its “Launches and Lunch” event and introduced Virginia Suveiu’s new book, Handbook of Risk Management and the Law, published by Routledge, Taylor and Francis Group. Nearly forty business and community leaders attended the lunch at Concordia’s Conference Center and another twenty joined via Zoom. Redmount Mergers and Acquisitions graciously hosted the lunch while Founding Managing Partner Paul Valencia served as Master of Ceremonies.

“Beyond Degrees” is designed for adult learners who seek additional skills, knowledge or resources for personal or professional growth. Instructors are experts with extensive background in business, education, non-profit organizations or public policy involvement who apply their expertise to helping other professionals sharpen their own competencies.
Beyond Degrees
will be offered in the near future. For more information, visit the Beyond Degrees page.

“Beyond Degrees” is managed by Concordia Adjunct Professors Jo Ellen Chatham, Virginia Suveiu and Alain Mazer. Virginia’s new book