

Center Director, Jo Ellen Chatham, participated as a team judge and coach during Concordia University Irvine’s annual summer Teen Entrepreneur Academy  developed and organized by School of Business Dean Steve Christiansen. The program is a hands-on, one-week residential program designed to teach high school students best business practices, principles of free enterprise, teamwork and how to start and launch their own businesses. Each student team develops a written business plan and gives an oral presentation on the last day of competition when winning teams are selected and receives monetary rewards.

 
Concordia President Participates in Orange County Forum Roundtable
September 20, 2017

Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, Director of the Center for Public Policy and Board Member of the Orange County Forum, led the team organizing a program to consider “Competition and Innovation at OC’s Private Universities.” Kurt Kruger, Concordia’s President, was joined by Daniele Struppa, President of Chapman University, and Gary Brahm, Chancellor of Brandman University. To view the program, visit ocforum.org/videos.

 
History-making Lutherans: Cap. Henry Gerecke
September 26, 2017

As part of Concordia University Irvine’s commemoration of the 500th anniversary of the Protestant Revolution, the Center for Public Policy organized a lecture series focusing on “Heroes of the Faith.” Each lecture was presented by a CUI faculty member and focused on a significant Lutheran who had made important contributions in his field of endeavor. The first lecture was delivered by the Center’s Director, Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, who related the story of Army Chaplain Capt. Henry Gerecke, an American Lutheran pastor who was sent to Nuremburg to minister to imprisoned Nazi leaders on trial for crimes against humanity.

An interview with Gerecke recorded in 1952 can be viewed at Nuremberg Trial Radio (1946) Rev. Henry Gerecke on executions - Bing video.

 
History-making Lutherans: Johann Sebastian Bach
October 11, 2017

As part of Concordia University Irvine’s commemoration of the 500th anniversary of the Protestant Revolution, the Center for Public Policy organized a lecture series focusing on “Heroes of the Faith.” Each lecture was presented by a CUI faculty member and focused on a significant Lutheran who had made important contributions in his field of endeavor. The second lecture was delivered by Jeff Held, Director of Orchestral Activities and Assistant Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences. His topic was “The Fifth Evangelist: Why Bach Move Us,” delving into the music and spirituality of German composer and musician Johann Sebastian Bach of the late Baroque period. You can listen to “The Best of Bach” on YouTube .

 
History-making Lutherans: Johannes Kepler
October 24, 2017

As part of Concordia University Irvine’s commemoration of the 500th anniversary of the Protestant Revolution, the Center for Public Policy organized a lecture series focusing on “Heroes of the Faith.” Each lecture was presented by a CUI faculty member and focused on a significant Lutheran who had made important contributions in his field of endeavor. The third lecture focused on the scientific work of Johannes Kepler, a key figure in the scientific revolution blossoming in the 17th century. Presented by John Kenny, Professor of Chemistry, “Star in the Wittenberg Orbit of Astrology, Chicken and Super-Surfer on the Waves of the Reformation” explored Kepler’s faith and his scientific achievements, including his laws of planetary motion.

A short biography of Kepler, the Father of Astronomy, can been found here.

 
History-making Lutherans: Frederick Muhlenberg
November 15, 2017

Concordia University Irvine’s commemoration of the 500th anniversary of the Protestant Revolution, the Center for Public Policy organized a lecture series focusing on “Heroes of the Faith.” Each lecture was presented by a CUI faculty member and focused on a significant Lutheran who had made important contributions in his field of endeavor. Russell Dawn, Professor of History and Political Thought,” shared the faith and public service Frederick Muhlenberg, “An American Original and First to Sign the US Bill of Rights.” Muhlenberg was elected to the First Congress under the Constitution and was elected as its First Speaker. It was in that capacity that his signature was the first to be placed on the proposed Constitutional amendments that became the Bill of Rights. He shared his vocation as a Lutheran pastor with his two brothers who also made notable contributions in public service

To learn more about the Muhlenberg family, consider reading The Muhlenbergs of Pennsylvania by Paula A. Wallace.

 
History-making Lutherans: Dietrich Bonhoeffer
December 5, 2017

Concordia University Irvine’s commemoration of the 500th anniversary of the Protestant Revolution, the Center for Public Policy organized a lecture series focusing on “Heroes of the Faith.” Each lecture was presented by a CUI faculty member and f