y and former State Assemblyman; and others.

 
Ellis Island Medalists Share Its Meaning
June 27, 2018

The Center’s Director, Jo Ellen Chatham, arranged for a panel discussion for the Pacific Club’s Distinguished Speakers’ Series featuring three recipients of the Ellis Island Medal of Honor. Awarded to individuals “whose work has made a lasting impact on humanity, recognizes the combined professional achievements and humanitarian work of U. S. citizens, both native born and naturalized.” Since its creation in 1986, the award has been given to seven U.S. Presidents and a number of Orange Countians, including Jim Doti, Gaddi Vasquez, Hazem Chehabi, Henry Segerstrom, and others. The panel shared their experiences as community, business and philanthropic leaders as well as their response to having been awarded the Medal and its meaning to them.

The panel included Charlie Zhang, founder of Pick-up-Stix and philanthropist; Sir Bruno Serato, the Anaheim White House restaurant and philanthropist; Mary-Christine Sungaila, appellate attorney with Haynes and Boone, LLP; and panel moderator, Jo Ellen Chatham, also a recipient of the Ellis Island Medal of Honor.

The Story of Sgt. Reckless Shared at the Pacific Club
February 6, 2019

Director, Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, arranged for Robin Hutton to participate in the Pacific Club’s Speaker Series on her book “Sgt. Reckless: America’s War Horse,” the fascinating story of a Mongolian mare who was more than a “war horse.” Due to her heroism and bravery, even under heavy fire during the Korean Conflict, she was actually inducted into the Marine Corps and officially promoted to sergeant, an honor never bestowed, before or since, on an animal. She retired from military service at Camp Pendleton in Southern California and died there in 1968. Monuments recognizing Sgt. Reckless have been erected at Camp Pendleton and the National Museum of the Marine Corps in Quantico, Virginia.

For one of the “better reads,” read the New York Times Bestseller Sgt. Reckless: America’s War Horse by Robin Hutton.

 
Remembering D-Day: Two Holocaust Survivors
March 30, 2019

Under the direction of Concordia’s Professor of Music Jeff Held, the Concordia Wind Ensemble performed with musicians from across America to commemorate the 75th anniversary of D-Day on June 6 at Normandy, France. Designated the D-Day Memorial Wind Band, the combined musicians were conducted by 94-year-old Col. Arnald Gabriel, a 36-year Armed Forces World War II combat veteran who became one of the most accomplished military band conductors in U.S. History.

Prior to the Concordia Wind Ensemble’s trip to Europe, the Concordia Wind Ensemble performed several concerts in Orange County. Including a performance at Zion Lutheran Church in Anaheim. A pre-concert conversation, led by the Center’s Director, Jo Ellen Chatham, featured Ildiko Good and Jack Pariser, survivors of the Holocaust which killed six million Jews, approximately two-thirds of the Jewish population of Europe. Their riveting and emotional stories reminded the audience not only of the atrocities committed by Nazis, but why remembrance is essential to assuring that they will never be repeated. The discussion also served as a reminder of the role the United States play in the defeat and destruction of the Nazi regime.

Although these interviews were not recorded in 2019, Ildiko Good’s story was recorded in March 1993 and can be viewed at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum Website.

Jack Parisar’s interview was conducted in August and can be viewed at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum Website.

 
Remembering the Holocaust
April 10, 2019

As the Center for Public Policy continues to collaborate with other organizations to present programs pertaining to civic literacy, civility and history, its Director, Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham arranged for a unique program for the Orange County Forum, featuring noted conductor and educator Maestro Murry Sidlin. In the mid-1990s, Sidlin happened to come across the brief story of a man named Rafeal Schachter, a Romanian pianist, vocal coach and conductor before being imprisoned in the Theresienstadt Concentration Camp (Terezin) during World War II. With only a single smuggled copy of Verdi’s “Requiem,” Schachter taught it, one by one, to courageous Jews who performed it in the camp sixteen times, including one performance before senior SS officials from Berlin and the International Red Cross. Noting that a requiem is a song for the dead, Schachter told his choir of concentration inmates, “We will sing to the Nazis what we cannot say to them.”

Moved by the story, Maestro Sidlin embarked on a quest for the world to remember the men, women and children of Terezin and composed “Defiant Requiem: Verdi at Terezin,” a compelling concert-drama combining the music of Verdi with video testimony from survivors of the original Terezin chorus and footage from the 1944 Nazi propaganda film about Theresienstadt.

When the Pacific Symphony 