d to come across the brief story of a man named Rafeal Schachter, a Romanian pianist, vocal coach and conductor before being imprisoned in the Theresienstadt Concentration Camp (Terezin) during World War II. With only a single smuggled copy of Verdi’s “Requiem,” Schachter taught it, one by one, to courageous Jews who performed it in the camp sixteen times, including one performance before senior SS officials from Berlin and the International Red Cross. Noting that a requiem is a song for the dead, Schachter told his choir of concentration inmates, “We will sing to the Nazis what we cannot say to them.”

Moved by the story, Maestro Sidlin embarked on a quest for the world to remember the men, women and children of Terezin and composed “Defiant Requiem: Verdi at Terezin,” a compelling concert-drama combining the music of Verdi with video testimony from survivors of the original Terezin chorus and footage from the 1944 Nazi propaganda film about Theresienstadt.

When the Pacific Symphony added “Defiant Requiem” to its seasonal program with Maestro Sidlin conducting, Dr. Chatham arranged for a unique and personal conversation with Sidlin and the Pacific Symphony’s President, John Forsyte.

Maestro Sidlin’s interview can be viewed at OC Forum | Videos. Click here learn more about “Defiant Requiem” the film documenting its history,

 
Remembering D-Day: A World War II Combat Veteran
May 2, 2019

Under the direction of Concordia’s Professor of Music Jeff Held, the Concordia Wind Ensemble performed with musicians from across America to commemorate the 75th anniversary of D-Day on June 6 at Normandy, France. Designated the D-Day Memorial Wind Band, the combined musicians were conducted by 94-year-old Col. Arnald Gabriel, a 36-year Armed Forces World War II combat veteran who became one of the most accomplished military band conductors in U.S. History.

Prior to the Concordia Wind Ensemble’s trip to Europe, the Concordia Wind Ensemble performed several concerts in Orange County. Including a performance in the CU Center on the CUI campus. As part of the program, the Center for Public Policy arranged for a pre-concert “living history” discussion with World War U.S. Army veteran Fred Whitaker.

Fred Whitaker volunteered to serve as a 17-year-old when the war broke out. He was deployed to the 87th Infantry of General George Patton’s 3rd Army. During the Battle of the Bulge Fred was wounded on Christmas Day 1944. Speaking to an audience in the CU Center, the 91-year-old shared his experiences and memories of World War II and America’s role in defeating Nazism and tyranny. Whitaker was interviewed by Dr. Caleb Karges, Asst. Professor of History and Political Thought and Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, Director of the Center for Public Policy.

 
Grand Opening of Historical Document Display
October 3, 2019

The Center’s Director, Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, was the featured speaker at the Grand Opening of the Historical Documents display at the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum. Organized by the National Archives and Records Administration staff at the Library, the display includes the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution and the twelve amendments sent to the states for ratification in 1789, ten being ratified by December 15, 1791 and known as the Bill of Rights. The display also includes miniature dioramas of the House of Representatives, the Senate and the Supreme Court as well as a tabletop layout of Washington, D. C., noting locations of the White House, Capitol Hill and major monuments.

Jo Ellen briefly discussed the historical importance of each document, but focused primarily on the low levels of civic literacy in the United States, why Americans are so ignorant of their own past and founding documents, and what might be done to reverse these trends.

 
Lutheran Mission West Conference
October 17, 2019

Lutheran Social Services of Southern California hosted “Mission West Online Conference” focusing on church leadership during times of upheaval, social unrest, polarizing politics and a global pandemic and the heavy burdens on churches and their leaders. Centered on Rev. Dr. Tod Bolshinger’s popular book, Canoeing the Mountains, the event was a partnership between three west coast Districts of the LCMS and was available to in person and online participants. Among the speakers at the all-day event were Dr. LaShandra Beckwith, President and CEO of Lutheran Social Services; Rev. Dr. Tod Bolsinger, Vice President of Vocation and Formation at Fuller Seminary; Shawn Nelson, Orange County Chief Assistant District Attorney; and Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, Director of the Center for Public Policy at Concordia University Irvine.

 
“Tear Down That Wall” Commemoration
November, 2019

Charlie Zhang, a donor to the Center and friend to Concordia University Irvine, was among four individuals invited as honored guests by the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library to attend the unveiling ceremony of a statue of President Reagan at the Ame