vent and introduced Virginia Suveiu’s new book, Handbook of Risk Management and the Law, published by Routledge, Taylor and Francis Group. Nearly forty business and community leaders attended the lunch at Concordia’s Conference Center and another twenty joined via Zoom. Redmount Mergers and Acquisitions graciously hosted the lunch while Founding Managing Partner Paul Valencia served as Master of Ceremonies.

“Beyond Degrees” is designed for adult learners who seek additional skills, knowledge or resources for personal or professional growth. Instructors are experts with extensive background in business, education, non-profit organizations or public policy involvement who apply their expertise to helping other professionals sharpen their own competencies.
Beyond Degrees
will be offered in the near future. For more information, visit the Beyond Degrees page.

“Beyond Degrees” is managed by Concordia Adjunct Professors Jo Ellen Chatham, Virginia Suveiu and Alain Mazer. Virginia’s new book provides an all-inclusive resource, specifying everything that needs to be known in compliance and risk management law. An essential reference for students, researchers, and professionals with an interest in business law, risk management, strategic management, and business ethics, it is already #6 in sales in its category and may be obtained through Amazon.

The Constitution and the Value of Public Service
September 19, 2023

On Tuesday evening, former Illinois Congressman, John Shimkus, visited Concordia to consider the importance of the Constitution as it influenced his life in public service. A graduate of the military academy at West Point, veteran of active service and member of the House of Representatives for twenty-years, Rep. Shimkus took the oath of allegiance to the Constitution on many occasions. His long career in public service included teaching after he received his teaching credential at Christ College, now known as Concordia University Irvine.

Prior to Cong. Shimkus’ address to a general audience, the Center for Civics Education (CEE) hosted an intimate dinner for Rep. and Mrs. Shimkus, Dr. Thomas, CUI student leaders, including ASCUI President Sam Schult and Courier Editor-in-Chief Jenna Hoffman, and several members of the CEE Advisory Board.

Public service comes in many forms, Shimkus noted, including active and informed citizenship.

The interview includes a brief history of Lutheran education by Concordia’s President, Michael Thomas, and an invocation by graduate student Commander James Suzuki.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

