s of upheaval, social unrest, polarizing politics and a global pandemic and the heavy burdens on churches and their leaders. Centered on Rev. Dr. Tod Bolshinger’s popular book, Canoeing the Mountains, the event was a partnership between three west coast Districts of the LCMS and was available to in person and online participants. Among the speakers at the all-day event were Dr. LaShandra Beckwith, President and CEO of Lutheran Social Services; Rev. Dr. Tod Bolsinger, Vice President of Vocation and Formation at Fuller Seminary; Shawn Nelson, Orange County Chief Assistant District Attorney; and Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, Director of the Center for Public Policy at Concordia University Irvine.

 
“Tear Down That Wall” Commemoration
November, 2019

Charlie Zhang, a donor to the Center and friend to Concordia University Irvine, was among four individuals invited as honored guests by the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library to attend the unveiling ceremony of a statue of President Reagan at the American embassy in Berlin, Germany. The statue is commemorative of President Reagan’s historic speech before the Brandenburg Gate in June, 1987 in which he called for Soviet Leader Gorbachev “to tear down this wall.”

The statue was installed at the embassy on a balcony overlooking the Brandenburg Gate straddling the former East and West Berlin. The intimate ceremony included a presentation by Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and was preceded by an international foreign policy conference.

Unable to attend, Mr. Zhang asked Jo Ellen Chatham, Director of the Center for Public Policy to formally represent him and his wife, ling, at the event.

Becoming America: A Daily Report on the Constitutional Convention of 1787
Summer, 2020

During the COVID-19 pandemic and lockdown of most public events as well as schools, many businesses and other entities, the Center, which has changed its name and focus to the Center for Civics Education, took the opportunity to advance its mission online. Beginning on May 1 and continuing through September 17, a daily blog was posted on the Center’s website, each day corresponding to the proceedings of the Constitutional Convention of 1787 which drafted the Constitution.

Although the Convention convened on May 25, 1787, the blog began on May 1 to provide the setting for the Convention in the mid-1770 including, the city Philadelphia where the Convention took place, brief biographies of delegates, events leading up to and during the Convention, and summaries of debates as recorded in the notes and letters of James Madison and others. Ratification of the Constitution was not assured until June 21, 1787. The blog continued to be posted for an additional sixty days to cover the state ratifying conventions.

The blogs were written from original sources to capture the proceedings of the Convention as well as the men who drafted the Constitution and the issues they faced. The blog can be found on the Center’s website

 
Becoming America: The Constitutional Convention of 1787 – YouTube
Summer, 2020

The COVID pandemic also provided an opportunity for the Center’s Director and two colleagues to tape a series of seventeen videos on the Constitutional Convention of 1787.

”Becoming America: The Constitutional Convention of 1787” incorporates the music of “Convention: The Birth of America,” composed by Judge Jim Gray (retired) Steve Lawless and Joel Henry Stein. A blend of music, history and political thought, each of the seventeen episodes begins with a lively, history-based song from “Convention,” followed by conversations with a wide variety of experts, scholars and authors hosted by Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, Judge Jim Gray and The Honorable Bijan Kian. Woven through the series is a theme of realism and optimism – “The United States of America is the perfect idea; the United States is a work in progress.”

Among the guests who appear in the series are David Ferriero, Archivist of the United States; Dr. William B. Allen, former Chairman of the United States Commission on Civil Rights; Dr. Tom Campbell, former Member of Congress and Dean of the Chapman School of Law; Dr. Larry Arnn, President of Hillsdale College; Dr. Bryan Santin, Professor at Concordia University Irvine; Dr. John Kaminski, Founder and Director of the Center for the Study of the American Constitution; Major General James Williams (Ret), USMC; and others.

The series can be viewed on YouTube or the Center’s website

Remembering 9-11
Sept. 11, 2021

Under the direction of Jeff Held, Concordia University Irvine Professor of Orchestral Activities and Assistant Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences, the Concordia Wind Orchestra performed a concert to commemorate the twentieth anniversary of the attacks on America on September 11, 2021. Center Director Jo Ellen Chatham arranged for a special presentation to precede the concert, featuring Jackie Charnley. When the attacks occurred, Charnley was in the second World Tower building, barely escaping before the b