mplicating matters were the circular letter sent by New York to the States and the practical details of transitioning from the Articles of Confederation to the new Constitution.

View Post »

July 26, 1788

By Center for Civics Education


On June 24, news had arrived in New York that the ninth State required to adopt the new Constitution had been achieved by New Hampshire’s ratification, followed only days later by Virginia. At that point, the ultimate question facing the New York ratifying convention was whether to join the “more perfect union” or to go it alone. But for more than a month, delegates gathered in Poughkeepsie kept at it, proposing amendment after amendment and debating whether New York could ratify “conditionally.”

View Post »

July 13, 1788

By Center for Civics Education


Anti-Constitutionalist delegates to the New York ratifying convention continued to offer amendments to the proposed new form of government on a daily basis; in effect, attempts to re-write the document they zealously sought to defeat. On July 2 alone, a dozen amendments were proposed, ranging from requiring a two-thirds vote of both houses of Congress for the federal government to borrow money, to assuring that “the power of Congress to establish post offices and post-roads is not to be construed to extend to the laying out, making, altering, or repairing highways, in any state, without the consent of the legislature of such state.”

View Post »

July 12, 1788

By Center for Civics Education


Robust debate at New York’s ratifying convention began just days before New Hampshire ratified the Constitution on June 21 and a week before Virginia ratified four days later. But news of New Hampshire’s ratification did not arrive in New York until June 24. In the meantime, Alexander Hamilton and James Madison maintained a constant flow of correspondence between them, well aware of the fragility of their cause.

View Post »

«
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
»
Connect with the Center of Civics Education
 
 

For more information, please contact the Director:

Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham
Director, Center for Civics Education
JoEllen.Chatham@cui.edu
949-214-3200

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

