https://www.cui.edu/centers-institutes/center-for-civics-education/convention-a-daily-journal
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Center for Civics Education

About
Documents
Resources
Blog
Programs
Constitution Week
Becoming America
Beyond Degrees
Donate
Contact 
CONVENTION: A DAILY JOURNAL
Center for Civics Education
Convention: A Daily Journal

Convention: A Daily Journal is a day-by-day journal of the 1787 Constitutional Convention convened by twelve of the original thirteen states to amend the Articles of Confederation and create a “more perfect union.” It chronicles the daily activities of the Convention, profiles the delegates and their interactions with each other, and looks back to life in America in the 1780s. Writing in the first person, the story is told from an “observer” hearing events as told in contemporary newspaper accounts and delegates’ personal notes and letters.

The Present

By Center for Civics Education


If anyone can be identified as an eyewitness, indeed an involved participant, in the birth of the United States as an independent, sovereign nation, it is John Adams. Although he defended British soldiers charged with killing Americans during the Boston Massacre, he devoted his life to the cause of American independence as a patriot, ambassador, author of the constitution of Massachusetts, vice president and president of the United States.

View Post »

December 15, 1791

By Center for Civics Education


Months before delegates from twelve of the thirteen States convened in Philadelphia to amend the Articles of Confederation, James Madison had already begun preparing proposals for a stronger government to address a wide array of complex issues threatening the very viability of the new nation. In fact, whether the former British colonies could even be considered a nation was doubtful. Delegates invariably used the term “my country” to refer to their own State, not the United States. 

View Post »

February 2, 1790

By Center for Civics Education


By the end of April 1789, a new Congress of the United States had convened, and the nation’s first President inaugurated. But the government would not be complete until a national judiciary was established.

View Post »

April 30, 1789

By Center for Civics Education


In the waning days of the Confederation Congress, it decided that members of the Electoral College would meet in their respective States on “the first Wednesday in February” to participate in choosing a President and a Vice President of the United States. 

View Post »

1789-1791

By Center for Civics Education


The last official day of Congress under the Articles of Confederation was March 3, 1789. To mark the occasion, thirteen cannon were fired at Fort George, located at the end of Broadway in New York City where Congress had met from 1785. But the old Congress did not “go out with a bang;” it did not even end with a whimper. Unable to muster a quorum since October 1788, it simply faded away.

View Post »

September 16, 1788

By Center for Civics Education


On September 9, 1788, the Pennsylvania Mercury demanded to know why Congress had not acted to organize the new government under the Constitution. It had been adopted not only by nine States, the required number for adoption, but by eleven. “The great voice of the people has not been respected by our rulers,” it complained. “The impending ruin which has long threatened to overwhelm the United States, instead of rousing them to action, seems to have thrown them into a lethargy.”

View Post »

August 11, 1788

By Center for Civics Education


The Constitution was officially adopted on June 21 when New Hampshire became the ninth State to vote for ratification, followed by Virginia and New York by the end of July. North Carolina and Rhode Island were the outliers, still refusing to join their sister States and choosing, at least temporarily, to remain outside the union. Complicating matters were the circular letter sent by New York to the States and the practical details of transitioning from the Articles of Confederation to the new Constitution.

View Post »

July 26, 1788

By Center for Civics Education


On June 24, news had arrived in New York that the ninth State required to adopt the new Constitution had been achieved by New Hampshire’s ratification, followed only days later by Virginia. At that point, the ultimate question facing the New York ratifying convention was whether to join the “more perfect union” or to go it alone. But for more than a month, delegates gathered in Poughkeepsie kept at it, proposing amendment after amendment and debating whether New York could ratify “conditionally.”

View Post »

July 13, 1788

By Center for Civics Education


Anti-Constitutionalist delegates to the New York ratifying convention continued to offer amendments to the proposed new form of government on a daily basis; in effect, attempts to re-write the document they zealously sought to defeat. On July 2 alone, a dozen amendments were proposed, ranging from requiring a two-thirds vote of both houses of Congress for the federal government to borrow money, to assuring that “the power of Congress to establish post offices and post-roads is not to be construed to extend to the laying out, making, altering, or repairing highways, in any state, without the consent of the legislature of such state.”

View Post »

July 12, 1788

By Center for Civics Education


Robust debate at New York’s ratifying convention began just days before New Hampshire ratified the Constitution on June 21 and a week before Virginia ratified four days later. But news of New Hampshire’s ratification did not arrive in New York until June 24. In the meantime, Alexander Hamilton and James Madison maintained a constant flow of correspondence between them, well aware of the fragility of their cause.

View Post »

«
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
»
Connect with the Center of Civics Education
 
 

For more information, please contact the Director:

Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham
Director, Center for Civics Education
JoEllen.Chatham@cui.edu
949-214-3200

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

