ts as well as specific enumerated power of the federal government. Our conversation includes is the importance of the “necessary and proper clause” and other less-known constitutional clauses.


 	

Episode 15 “We the People”

Watch Here

The authority of the Constitution rests on “We the People” and represents a profound change in the governance of nations. Retired federal court judge Andrew Guilford shares profound thoughts on the importance of this concept and how it has made the United States an exceptional nation and why its principles must be taught to each succeeding generation.


 	

Episode 16 “Our Sun Is Rising”

Watch Here

As the Constitution was being signed, Benjamin Franklin commented that the carving on the back of the President’s chair to be “a rising and not a setting sun,” signifying his optimism of the Convention’s work. Seven citizens, several Americans by choice, join us for a conversation about what being an American means to them and to identify a specific part of the Constitution which has special meaning to each of them.


 	

Episode 17 “You Are ‘The We’”

Watch Here

Our final conversation is with David Ferriero, Archivist of the United States. He shares not only his responsibilities to protect our nation’s most sacred documents and millions of other records but why civics education must be a priority to sustain a viable form of government in which “we, the people” are ultimately responsible for the success or failure of our nation. As the song proclaims, you and I are the “we.”

Check out the Becoming America: The Constitutional Convention of 1787 study guide here.

Connect with the Center of Civics Education
 
 

For more information, please contact the Director:

Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham
Director, Center for Civics Education
JoEllen.Chatham@cui.edu
949-214-3200

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

