https://www.cui.edu/centers-institutes/center-for-civics-education/becoming-america-the-constitutional-convention-of-1787
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Center for Civics Education

About
Documents
Resources
Blog
Programs
Constitution Week
Becoming America
Beyond Degrees
Donate
Contact 
BECOMING AMERICA: THE CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION OF 1787
Center for Civics Education
Becoming America: The Constitutional Convention of 1787
The United States of America is a perfect idea; the United States is a work in progress.

Becoming America: The Constitutional Convention of 1787 is based on the music of “Convention: The Birth of America,” composed by Judge Jim Gray (retired) Steve Lawless and Joel Henry Stein. A blend of music, history and political thought, each of the seventeen video episodes begins with a lively, history-based song from “Convention,” followed by conversations with a wide variety of experts, scholars and authors’ hosted by Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham, Judge Jim Gray and The Honorable Bijan Kian. Woven through the series is a theme of realism and optimism – “The United States of America is the perfect idea; the United States is a work in progress.

Listen to the collection of songs from “Convention: The Birth of America,” here.

VIEW STUDY GUIDE
 	

Episode 1 “Overture”

Watch Here

Meet your three hosts, Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham (the “Professor”), The Honorable Bijan Kian (the “American), and The Honorable Jim Gray (the “Judge”) and why they decided to embark on a series of conversations with noted scholars and experts on the Constitution, its origins and principles – all based on an exciting new musical, “Convention: The Birth of America” composed by Judge Gray, Joel Henry Stein and Steve Lawless.


 	

Episode 2 “Off to Philadelphia”

Watch Here

Concordia University Irvine Professor Bryan Santin discusses what life and politics were like in the 1780’s as delegates gathered in Philadelphia to improve the Union by amending the Articles of Confederation. Thirteen new, independent States stretched along 1200 miles from north to south and about two hundred miles east to west was home to approximately three million people who considered their State to be their “country.” Travel, transportation, and lifestyles were among challenges to be overcome before “a more perfect union” could be established.


 	

Episode 3 “Overthrow the Government”

Watch Here

Anti-Constitutionalists accused Constitutional Convention delegates of exceeding their power by proposing an entirely new form of government rather than merely amending the Articles of Confederation. Dr. Larry Arnn, historian and President of Hillsdale College, addresses whether such an accusation was warranted as well as whether the Constitution’s lack of a bill of rights was an impediment to its ratification.


 	

Episode 4 “If Men Were Angels”

Watch Here

James Madison wrote in Essay #51 of The Federalist that government is needed because men are not angels, and because government is composed of men, it is essential to also place restraints on government. In this episode. President James Madison shares his role at the Constitutional Convention, his relationships with other delegates, and why the Convention avoided as much as possible discussing the issue of slavery.


 	

Episode 5 “What About Me”

Watch Here

While the Constitution provided a “new birth of freedom” and democracy, some people were not afforded equal status with those who wrote and ratified the Constitution. Among these were slaves and most women and native Americans as well as many non-propertied men. Political science professor and past Chairman of the United States Commission on Civil Rights, Dr. William B. Allen offers special insights into the historical consequences of those decisions and the evolution of rights in our nation.


 	

Episode 6 “Remember the Ladies”

Watch Here

As thirteen American colonies edged ever closer to declaring independence from Great Britain, Abigail Adams admonished her Patriot husband and revolutionary agitator John Adams to “remember the ladies.” Recognizing the significant role of the Supreme Court in expanding rights of women in the United States, former Congressman and law school dean Tom Campbell discusses the role of the judiciary and its checkered history regarding rights and liberty as well as diverse approaches to interpreting the Constitution, including “judicial activism” and “judicial restraint.”


 	

Episode 7 “Our Country is at Stake”

Watch Here

Debates at the Constitutional Convention were often heated. Compromise was difficult and on more than one occasion the Convention almost broke up. Dr. John Kaminski, Founder and Director of the Center for the Study of the American Constitution, shares the complexity of issues and interests motivating delegates representing individual states and how they were able to arrive at a near-unanimous consensus. He also clarifies the singl