egiate sport laws. A key instruction tool in the class will be recent Sport Law Case Studies.


SPBU 430: The Profession of Sport Management
3

This course will provide the students the opportunity to demonstrate the knowledge and skills they have attained throughout the Sport Management Program. There will be an emphasis placed on Christian ethical leadership needed in the sport industry. Activities in the class will provide opportunities for each student to investigate what influence their sport management leadership skills will have on sport organizations at any level. Prerequisite: SPBU 222.

SPBU 490A: Professional Development and Internship Emphasis
2

The CUI School of Business and Economics Internship facilitates a student’s transition from academic theory to real‐life business practices and builds professional networks. An internship related to a student’s academic emphasis helps clarify goals, adds value to the CUI academic experience and opens doors to future employment. The course provides practice in the development of a personal brand as well as skills needed in the pursuit of an internship and eventual employment followed by an off‐site internship. Students meet with their internship director before beginning the off‐site internship for advice and placement approval. Periodic student reports and written feedback from the sponsoring business are required and must demonstrate the skill acquired during the internship. Students must take a minimum cumulative total of two (2) units earned in one (1) unit credit hours. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisites: Business Major with Junior or Senior standing and MGT 321 and BUS 224.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

