https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/sports-business
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Sports Business Major
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
Sports Business Minor
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
SPORTS BUSINESS MINOR
18 Units
SPBU 222: Introduction to Sport Business
3

This course will provide knowledge about the broad field of sport management and the elements of managing people, operations, finance, and the work environment in a variety of sport settings. Insight into strategies for professional preparation and career opportunities will also be discussed. Special topics to be covered in the course include public relations, marketing, legal issues, interviewing, leadership, effective communication, sport ethics, and perspectives on international sports.


SPBU 323: Sport Marketing and Sponsorship
3

This course will study the multidimensional aspects of marketing principles in the sport industry. Topics to be covered will study the multiple facets that need to be considered in sport marketing, such as; marketing mix, branding, licensing agreements, use of social media, event promotion, segmentation, endorsements, and corporate partnerships. These marketing skills will be combined as the student develops a comprehensive marketing campaign. Prerequisite: SPBU 222.

SPBU 326: Sport Operations and Facility Management
3

This course will focus on sport facility and event management. Topics will include new arenas and stadiums, health clubs, collegiate athletic facilities, and city outdoor and indoor recreation centers. This class will cover numerous aspects of facilities that include construction sites, hosting events, facility marketing, naming rights, concession concerns, ADA requirements, heating, AC, green facilities, and economic impact studies. Students will be required to develop their own plans for specific sport facilities and events. Prerequisite: SPBU 222.

SPBU 420: Finance and Economics of Sports
3

This course will examine the factors and ramifications of financial issues on sport organizations and events. This will include the analysis of financial statements, financial resource management, short and long term budgeting and forecasting, investment strategies, stadium/arena financing, and grant acquisition. Additional focus will be applied to analyzing and evaluating the impact different sport industries have on local, regional and global economies. Prerequisites: FIN 331 and SPBU 222.

Choose two of the following courses
MGT 321: Management
3

This introductory course will look at the areas of planning, organizing, staffing, and controlling with an emphasis on responsibility and authority, delegation and decentralization, line-staff relationship organization charting, communication, and reaction to change Interpersonal skills, motivation, leadership, and organizational resource management will also be studied. Prerequisites: BUS 201 and BUS 224. Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

SPBU 350: Sport Law
3

This course provides and in-depth study and analysis of legal principles specifically related to sport business. It will include aspects of ethical issues, salary cap, antitrust exemption, labor laws, free agency, sport gambling, athlete/agent representation, collective bargaining, broadcast rights, risk management, areas of negligence, intellectual property rights, discrimination, Title IX, ADA, and collegiate sport laws. A key instruction tool in the class will be recent Sport Law Case Studies.


SPBU 430: The Profession of Sport Management
3

This course will provide the students the opportunity to demonstrate the knowledge and skills they have attained throughout the Sport Management Program. There will be an emphasis placed on Christian ethical leadership needed in the sport industry. Activities in the class will provide opportunities for each student to investigate what influence their sport management leadership skills will have on sport organizations at any level. Prerequisite: SPBU 222.

SPBU 490A: Professional Development and Internship Emphasis
2

The CUI School of Business and Economics Internship facilitates a student’s transition from academic theory to real‐life business practices and builds professional networks. An internship related to a student’s academic emphasis helps clarify goals, adds value to the CUI academic experience and opens doors to future employment. The course provides practice in the development of a personal brand as well as skills needed in the pursuit of an internship and eventual employment followed by an off‐site internship. Students meet with their internship director before beginning the off‐site internship for advice and placement approval. Periodic student reports and written feedback from the sponsoring business are required and must demonstrate the skill acquired during the internship. Students must take a minimum cumulative total of two (2) units earned in one (1) unit credit hours. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisites: Business Major with Junior or Senior standing and MGT 321 and BUS 224.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

