re he is today.

I find it important to keep a good group of friends who are doing what I’m doing to cheer each other on."

“Bill taught me that anyone can do a funny voice but it’s got to come from a good heart,” Powell says. “It’s about being kind to everybody, no matter what—to the sound engineer and front desk person. These were things I knew growing up in a Lutheran school and Concordia, but Bill exemplified this. He embodied hard work, humility and hopefulness. He’s one of the most pleasant and optimistic people I’ve ever met. He’s become like family.”

They worked together for a couple of years and one day Farmer said, “You know you’re good, right?” Powell recalls, “So I stopped taking lessons, put together my demo, got my first agent and started to audition and work.”

The opportunity to voice Kool-Aid brand’s iconic spokes-jug arrived last year. The audition was unusual because it involved saying the same two words—“Oh, yeah!”— in dozens of different ways.

“I owe Lori Siekmann and Tony Vezner, theater profs at Concordia, because they taught me to express a width of emotions and perspectives with two words,” Powell says.

The hardest challenge was doing a bird call while saying, “Oh, yeah.”

“We combined a little water and something like a wookie roar and they loved it,” he says. “In voice-over they say you know it when you hear it.”

Powell got the job and celebrated that night with the Farmers. The second person he called was Tony Vezner. Powell’s voice can now be heard in half a dozen Kool-Aid commercials, including a cross-promotion with Progressive’s spokeswoman, Flo.

“You never know how long you have a certain character but I am grateful and hope they continue to use me to bring life to this big, jovial jug,” Powell says.

Powell works nearly full time doing voices for audio books, video games, toys and commercials. His other voice work recently premiered on Disney XD with Weird Al Yankovic, another hero. He has a close group of friends in the voice-acting community, including the current voice of the Lucky Charms Leprechaun.

“I find it important to keep a good group of friends who are doing what I’m doing to cheer each other on,” he says. “If you’re having an off week your friend is probably having an up week.”

Powell also relies on the Bible. His favorite verse: Jeremiah 29:13, which says, “You will seek me and you will find me when you seek me with your whole heart.”

“I’ve always liked that one, and I’ve found it to be true,” he says. “There is somehow a purpose in everything that happens, and the bad stuff turns to good stuff. When I was a kid my grandfather used to ask me, ‘Faith or fear?’ You get a choice. As an actor and a person, you’ve got to choose faith.”

His time at Concordia solidified that lesson.

“Concordia had such a wonderful effect on me,” Powell says. “I felt comfortable as a person first, which allows me to achieve what I need to as an actor. That’s the biggest thing. It provided a really strong starting place.”

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

