https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/teacher-credential/clear-induction-credential
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Teacher Credential Program
Teacher Credentials 
Program Information
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Events 
Contact
Apply Now
CLEAR INDUCTION CREDENTIAL PROGRAM
Teacher Credential Program
EXPLORE 
 
Clear Induction Credential Program
Credential Program Outcomes

Teachers who have the SB2042 Preliminary Credential must complete California’s requirements to clear their credential within five years. Concordia University Irvine offers an induction program, approved by the Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CTC), to clear the following:

Preliminary Multiple Subject Credential
Preliminary Single Subject Credential
Preliminary Education Specialist Credential

Concordia University's Clear Induction Credential Program partners with employing school districts to offer dynamic new teacher support for California Preliminary Credential holders. We serve teachers working in public and private schools.

Concordia will provide multiple professional development opportunities to improve your teaching strategies with diverse learners, enhance your classroom management strategies, and develop your leadership potential within the context of your current teaching setting. Multiple levels of new teacher support provide the foundation for the Induction Program for fulltime or part time teachers.

Request Info
Concordia's Clear Induction Credential Program
12-Unit Program (2 years) for credentialed teachers with fewer than three years of experience
8-Unit Program (1 year) for those who meet one or more of the following conditions to be considered an “early completer”:
Completed one year of a Commission approved BTSA or Induction program
Completed a minimum of two years of teaching experience in California with documented satisfactory teacher performance evaluations.
Has a Master’s Degree in Education and at least one year of teaching experience with documented satisfactory teacher performance evaluations.
Has a teaching credential from another state and a minimum of two years of teaching experience with documented satisfactory teacher performance evaluations
Apply up to six Induction Program units to the MED or Curriculum and Instruction MAED degrees
Courses delivered in online (synchronous and asynchronous) format
Provides ongoing resources for implementing the Core Common Standards and new EL Standards.
The Clear Induction Credential program is considered a certificate program at Concordia. Concordia University Certificate Programs do not participate in Title IV Federal Financial Aid programs. Students enrolled or planning to enroll in Clear Induction Credential Programs at Concordia University can apply for a private alternative loan.
Criteria for Admission
Complete Application for Admission
$50.00 Application Fee 
Hold a Preliminary Teaching Credential (SB2042)
Provide proof of teaching full time or part time in the subject/area authorized by Preliminary Credential. Submit an official letter on letterhead written and signed by your School Administrator/HR Department verifying years of employment, teaching assignment, and full time or part time placement
Two letters of recommendation (for those who did not complete Preliminary Credential courses at Concordia within the last two years or currently enrolled in an MAED program at Concordia)
In addition to the eligibility criteria listed above, a candidate may be eligible for the Early Completion Option (ECO). To be eligible, a candidate must meet at least 1 of the eligibility criteria below:
A candidate has completed 1 year of a district-approved BTSA/Induction program. Proof of completion and a year-end satisfactory performance evaluation is required.
A candidate holds a Master's Degree in Education and has completed a full year of teaching experience. Official transcripts, verification of experience by way of submitting a copy of a signed contract, and. a year-end satisfactory performance evaluation is required.
A candidate has 2 or more years of teaching experience in California or from out-of-state. Verification of experience by way of submitting a copy of signed contracts and. a year-end satisfactory performance evaluation from your most recently completed school year is required.

APPLY NOW

Program Courses for Traditional Student: (12 Units)

An Orientation is provided prior to the start of fall courses.  Once admitted, you will be advised of that meeting date.

Year #1
EDUI 592: Assessment of Induction (Part I)	3 Units	Online	Fall Semester
EDUI 507: New Teacher Support Seminar	2 Units	Online	Fall Semester
EDUI 593: Assessment of Induction (Part II)	3 Units	Online	Spring Semester
EDUI 508: New Teacher Support Seminar	2 Units	Online	Spring Semester
Year #2
EDUI 509: New Teacher Support Seminar	1 Unit	Online	Fall Semester
EDUI 510: New Teacher Support Seminar	1 Unit	Onl