https://www.cui.edu/arts/visual-arts/humans-of-CUI/augustine-mallinson
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
VISUAL ARTS DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Events
Giving
Contact 
How to Apply 
AUGUSTINE MALLINSON
History and Political Thought Major
Philosophy Minor
Graphic Design Minor

What do you hope to do with the skills you've gained at Concordia University Irvine after graduation?

I can't lie, I'm torn between academics and art. On one hand, I would be elated to continue my education in philosophy at the graduate level. On the other hand, I love making art and if I could build my own business using the skills I have learned here, that would feel immensely fulfilling. I would never give one passion up for the other entirely, and both will remain with me for the rest of my life. I know that, either way, the perspective on life that art has given me constantly finds its way into my research, and that history and philosophy have played a considerable role in shaping my art.

What is your favorite thing about Concordia University Irvine?

No matter where you go to school, the institution can only be as good as its professors. That is why I am incredibly thankful for Concordia. I don't want to name off every professor here that has made my time so worthwhile (and I fear that I may accidentally leave someone out who certainly belongs on such a list) but nonetheless, I believe that, at least as my artistic development is concerned, I owe a special thanks to Professor Hayes and Professor Soo, both for helping me develop my artistic abilities and for helping me share my work with others.
MEET MORE HUMANS OF CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

