https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/performance-groups/percussion-ensemble
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Ensembles that Utilize Percussion

Concordia is a vibrant place for percussionists!

Percussion Ensemble - Suite No. 1 

Concordia Wind Orchestra - 6-7 percussionists are utilized in this group, which is the major instrumental ensemble at Concordia.
Concordia Sinfonietta - This orchestra plays from standard symphonic repertoire and often utilizes percussionists.
Ensemble. The group rehearses one evening per week and gives a concert at the end of each semester.

Concordia's choirs and the Concordia Brass often program music accompanied by percussion instruments.

Drumset players have many options:

Commercial Music Ensemble
Abbey West Worship Bands
Jazz Ensembles

Two of Southern California's top percussion teachers teach lessons at Concordia - Bill Schlitt and Mark Converse.

HANDBELLS are also percussion instruments and Concordia is a national leader in handbell performance and leadership development. Many of our percussionists enhance their craft by playing handbells, and often handbells program music that includes other percussion.

Percussion Instruments at Concordia

As a percussionist, you can't really bring your instruments to college with you! You must count on the university to provide quality instruments for you to play artistically. This often is a challenge at small universities. Concordia, however, has invested significantly in percussion. Here, you will have very fine instruments to play. We have a full set of new percussion instruments, and all are top-of-the-line symphonic instruments:

5-octave Adams Artist Series rosewood marimba and a 4-octave Adams Artist Series rosewood xylophone
an extensive collection of Yamaha's top-model vibraphone, orchestra chimes, orchestra bells, tambourine, concert snare drum, bass drums (40" and 36"), triangles, and concert toms.
Black Swamp woodblocks, temple blocks, and field drum
Zildjian cymbals and crotales
a wide collection of latin percussion and toy percussion
a large mallet and beater inventory
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

