https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/performance-groups/americana-ensemble
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Americana Ensemble
Music Department
Americana Ensemble
Joy To The World

The Americana Ensemble is an all-acoustic group that performs bluegrass, old-time, country, gospel, manouche, swing, and other genres in the string band tradition. Past repertoire includes a variety of traditional tunes along with songs by Bill Monroe, Django Reinhardt, Béla Fleck, Nickel Creek, Alan Jackson, Bob Wills, the Tin Hat Trio, Stephen Foster, Jay Ungar, Tony Rice, and many others.

The Americana Ensemble rehearses once per week on Friday evenings during the semester, and perform in a final concert on campus at the end of each term. Other performances, workshops, or concert outings may also be offered on an occasional basis.

For more information, contact Dr. Tom Mueller at tom.mueller@cui.edu or (949) 214-3651.

Audition and Scholarship Information

Participation in the Americana Ensemble is open to all qualified Concordia students. Vocalists and instrumentalists who play acoustic string instruments such as guitar, bass, mandolin, banjo, violin, viola, or cello are encouraged to audition. Students with experience in traditional string band music are encouraged to apply for a scholarship to support their participation in the ensemble.

If you wish to apply for an Americana Ensemble scholarship, complete a music scholarship interest form.
Prepare 2–3 tunes or excerpts that demonstrate your highest level of musical achievement. Students may play solo, with a track, or may be accompanied by mandolin or guitar on request. Students with a background in improvisation are encouraged to improvise during their audition, but this is not required. Auditions are scheduled on a rolling basis throughout the year; incoming and current students are also encouraged to audition in the first two weeks of each semester. Video auditions are also accepted.
Americana Ensemble Photo Gallery
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

