https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/performance-groups/organ-study
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Organ Study
Music Department

Concordia University offers exciting opportunities for pianists and organists. Students study piano, organ, and harpsichord with members of the University’s award-winning music faculty, and may also participate in piano and chamber music ensembles. Our collection includes several concert-quality instruments by Steinway, as well as pipe organs by Casavant, Schlicker, and Goetz. Our annual keyboard series includes masterclass and solo performances by first-rate performers and educators in the field.

Organ Scholarships

Students may apply for music scholarships to support their organ study. The highest consideration for keyboard awards is given to candidates capable of assisting with departmental needs in accompaniment, chamber music ensembles, and chapel service playing.

Keyboard applicants and their families are invited to visit campus for an audition and sample lesson at any time of year. Applicants who are distant from campus may submit a video audition in lieu of an in-person audition. 

Organ Auditions
Live Audition (preferred):
Complete the music scholarship interest form
Play one or two pieces that demonstrate your highest level of musical achievement. A faculty member will help with organ registrations and page turns if requested.
Be prepared to sightread brief excerpts from hymns or literature of comparable difficulty. All sightreading material will be provided.
When possible, the audition will include brief interview and sample lesson with a faculty member.
Auditions will be scheduled on one of the University’s three pipe organs. To schedule organ practice time, please contact Dr. Tom Mueller at tom.mueller@cui.edu. Organ specifications and console photos are available upon request.
By Video
Complete the music scholarship interest form
In your video, please introduce yourself and let us know why you are interested in Concordia. What are your goals? What do you most enjoy about studying music? What has led you to consider Concordia?
Play one or two pieces that demonstrate your highest level of musical accomplishment.
If desired, you may include a recording of yourself serving in accompanimental role in a rehearsal, performance, or worship service.
Upload your video to a video hosting site (like YouTube) and email the link(s) to auditions@cui.edu. Please do not attach video files to emails.
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

