https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/performance-groups/piano-study
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Piano Study
Music Department

Concordia University offers exciting opportunities for keyboard students. Students study piano, organ, and harpsichord with members of the University’s award-winning music faculty, and may also participate in piano and chamber music ensembles. Our collection includes several concert-quality instruments by Steinway, and piano students enjoy access to our state-of-the-art Borland-Manske Center—one of the premier collegiate music facilities in Southern California. Our annual keyboard series includes masterclasses, education events, and solo performances by first-rate performers and educators in the field.

Piano Scholarships

Students may apply for music scholarships to support their piano study. The highest consideration for keyboard awards is given to candidates with well-developed technique and musicianship. Students who are capable of assisting with departmental needs in accompaniment, chamber music ensembles, and service playing are also given high priority for piano scholarships.

Keyboard applicants and their families are invited to visit campus for an audition and sample lesson at any time of year. Applicants who are distant from campus may submit a video audition in lieu of an in-person audition. Music scholarship offers are usually determined within one week of the audition date.

Piano Auditions
Live Audition (recommended):
Complete the music scholarship interest form
Play one or two pieces that demonstrate your highest level of musical achievement. Ideally, at least one work will be in a classical style.
You may be asked to sight-read a hymn or simple piece of keyboard literature. All sight-reading materials will be provided.
When possible, the audition will include brief interview and sample lesson with a faculty member.
By Video
Complete the music scholarship interest form
In your video, please introduce yourself and let us know why you are interested in Concordia. What are your goals? What do you most enjoy about studying music? What has led you to consider Concordia?
Play one or two pieces that demonstrate your highest level of musical accomplishment. Ideally, at least one work will be in a classical style.
If desired, you may include a recording of yourself serving in an accompanimental role in a rehearsal, performance, or worship service.
Upload your video to a video hosting site (like YouTube) and email the link(s) to auditions@cui.edu. Please do not attach video files to emails.
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

