https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege/center-for-church-leadership/directors-message
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Church Leadership
Theological Studies: Ministry Leadership
M.A. Church Leadership
Director's Message
Contact Us
Director's Message
And I heard the voice of the Lord saying, 'Whom shall I send, and who will go for us?' Then I said, 'Here I am! Send me.'

— Isaiah 6:8

Discerning the call to go into ministry is not an easy one. Many of the prophets, including Isaiah, were hesitant. The same can be said today. People who are wrestling with the idea of going into ministry have a variety of concerns. Some are concerned about long term financial viability when it comes to working in ministry. Some are concerned about whether there will be available jobs when they complete their education. Others question their ability to be a ministry leader. Discerning the call is not an easy one, nor should it be. That is why I am committed to journey with you in this decision-making process. As Director of the Center for Church Leadership, I will walk alongside you not only as you wrestle with the call to go into ministry, but also as you are formed and equipped for ministry here at Concordia.

Please don’t hesitate to contact me. I look forward to talking with you about your concerns, your passions, and how the Center can shape you for gospel-focused ministry for the future.

Your servant in Christ,
Prof. Jonathan B. Ruehs
Director, Center for Church Leadership
949-214-3114
jonathan.ruehs@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

