https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/teacher-credential/index/id/20597
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Teacher Credential Program
Teacher Credentials 
Program Information
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Events 
Contact
Apply Now
MULTIPLE SUBJECT TEACHING CREDENTIAL PROGRAM
Teacher Credential Program
EXPLORE 
 
Multiple Subject Teaching Credential Program

Our California Teacher Credential program can be described as Rich, Rigorous, and Rewarding. The rich learning environment offers deep and meaningful learning experiences. Our rigorous courses are designed to provide you with best practices and experience with the most current trends in education today. Our rewarding program prepares you to fulfill your calling.

Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

Program of Interest 
- Select a Program
Clear Induction Credential
Teacher Credential Multiple Subject
Teacher Credential Single Subject
Teacher Credential Special Education
Master of Education with Multiple Subject Credential
Master of Education with Single Subject Credential
Master of Education with Special Education Credential
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

California Preliminary Credential/English Learner – Multiple Subject

The multiple subject credential is for teachers who desire to teach all the subjects in a self-contained classroom. This is the credential to obtain if you desire to teach at the elementary (K-6) grade levels. If you plan to be a middle school teacher teaching a core curriculum, you will select the multiple subject credential.

Required: 36 semester hours for Multiple Subject Credential

Multiple Subject Credential Coursework

Undergraduate students will need to declare the Dual Credential option by the middle of Block I classes: October 15, March 15 or June 15.

Semester 1 (15 units)
EDUC 200: The Teacher and Technology - 1 units
EDUC 204: Introduction to Teaching Diverse Populations - 2 unit
EDUC 301 Typical and Atypical Development of Diverse Learners - 3 units
EDUC 501 Planning & Assessment for Inclusive Classrooms - 3 units
EDUC 502 Creating Positive and Inclusive Learning Environments - 3 units
EDUC 551 Language and Culture - 3 units
Semester 2 (9 units)

Successful completion of Block I courses is a prerequisite for the courses below.

EDUC 522 Math and Science Methods: Elementary - 2 units
EDUC 523 Integrated Curriculum Methods: Elementary - 2 units
EDUC 560 Literacy Instruction in Diverse Elementary Classrooms - 4 units
EDUC 580 TPA Practicum: Field Experience (includes 40 hours field experience) - 1 unit
Semester 3 (12 units): Student Teaching Semester
EDUC 582 Student Teaching II: Elementary
Student teaching is full-time teaching for a semester under the supervision of a cooperating teacher and university supervisor. Multiple Subject student teachers may have one or two placements for a total of at least 16 weeks. (Prerequisite: Subject Matter Passage and completion of all coursework)

 

Dual Credential Program
Multiple Subject Credential + Education Specialist Mild/Moderate Credential

Candidates will complete coursework and fieldwork leading to separate credentials for Multiple Subject, authorizing candidates to teach all the subjects in a self-contained classroom (K-6), and an Education Specialist credential that authorizes candidates to teach students (K-12) with mild to moderate disabilities.

The Dual Credential requires one additional semester of 7 units. To work toward a dual credential, you will complete a carefully designed sequence of coursework for both programs, followed by one semester of student teaching. Half of your student teaching will be in a general education setting, and half will be in a special education setting.

Dual Credential: Multiple Subject and Education Specialist: Mild/Moderate Support Needs Coursework
Semester 1 (15 units)
EDUC 200 The Teacher and Technology - 1 units
EDUC 204 Introduction to Teaching Diverse Populations - 2 units
EDUC 301 Typical and Atypical Development of Diverse Learners - 3 units
EDUC 501 Planning & Assessment for Inclusive Classrooms - 3 units
EDUC 502 Creating Positive and Inclusive Learning Environments - 3 units
EDUC 551 Language and Culture - 3 units
Semester 2 (7 units)
EDSP 525 Advanced Curriculum Methods for Special Populations - 3 units
EDSP 526 Case Management, Assessment and Collaboration - 3 units
EDSP 580A Practicum: Field Experience II - 1 unit
Semester 3 (9 units)
EDUC 522 Math and Science Methods: Elementary - 2 units
EDUC 523 Integrated Curriculum Methods: Elementary - 2 unit
EDUC 560 Math and Science Methods: Elementary - 4 unit
EDUC 580 Teacher Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum: Field Experience - 1 unit
Semester 4 (12 units): Full-time Student Teaching
EDUC 582 Student Teaching: Elementary - 6 units
EDSP 584 Student Teaching: Special Educat