https://www.cui.edu/giving/forward-in-faith/eagle-athletics
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Eagle Athletics
Borland-Manske Center
Academic Support & Student Experience
Annual Fund
Endowment & Estate Gifts
Contact
$100,000,000 RAISED!

Forward in Faith - The Campaign for Concordia came to an historic close on December 31, 2020. The Concordia Family thanks you – and most importantly, the Lord – for the abundant blessings that have been shared with Concordia's students. Over 10,000 donors participated in the Campaign and propelled us well over the $85M campaign goal. To God be the Glory!

Read Article Featured in CUI Magazine»

$4M Goal - $4M Raised
The Campaign for Eagle Athletics.
NCAA Division 2

"Excellence" is the driving theme for the Eagle Athletics program at Concordia University Irvine. Our recent transition to the NCAA marks a new era within Eagle Athletics, and we are committed to providing our student athletes with the facilities and resources that will support their outstanding achievements, both on and off the field.

On the field, in the classroom, or throughout our communities, our Eagles are held to the highest standards. It is our mission to help student athletes achieve academic and athletic excellence to prepare them for lives of learning, service and leadership in their God-given vocations.

Our Eagle Athletics programs benefited from several key initiatives within Concordia's updated campus master plan and our comprehensive Forward in Faith campaign. The CU Arena was renovated, baseball facilities transformed and a new track installed. New field lights were installed and impact every student by freeing up the academic day and allowing practices and games in the evenings. Future plans include a new Eagles Athletic Complex which will include a state-of-the-art fitness center. Together we changed the student-athlete experience and humbly thank you for being a part of that change.

Eagle Athletics Campaign Initiatives

Below are some of the enhancements funded by Forward in Faith impacting the student and spectator experience for Eagle Athletics.

Baseball

The Baseball complex was completely renovated with new dugouts, grandstands and field lights.

“These renovations will give our student-athletes a facility to push them to be the best they can be and give our fans a great in-game experience. Lights will enable us to practice and compete at night which means less class time missed and a greater chance for our student-athletes to succeed off the field. It means further engagement with the community while offering our family and friends a better chance to watch us compete.” – Joe Turgeon, Head Baseball Coach

Lacrosse, Track & Soccer

Field lights, a completely new track and a repaired soccer field are among the enhancements in this part of campus. Combined, the soccer field and track serve the largest percent of our student-athletes. “As a former player, and now coach, Concordia has done everything possible to add value to our program, but we are at a point where we can no longer do it by ourselves.” - Chris Gould, Director of Soccer. The field lights free up academic schedules by enabling practices and competitions to take place in the evenings. This gives all students - not just athletes - more flexibility and a better experience in the classroom, supporting their excellence on the field as well.

Arena Locker Room

The CU Arena underwent several upgrades including new bleachers, locker rooms, the installation of the Kenneth A. Walker Athletic Hall of Fame and the Eagle’s Nest. These new facilities will enhance team fellowship, provide NCAA-level facilities and add another layer of excellence for our student-athletes off the court.

Eagle Athletic Fund and Teams

Over $1 million raised! “CUI has been a life-changer for so many who couldn’t afford to go to school because we have given them an opportunity through scholarships that they did not have elsewhere. Being a donor makes you part of the family, and you have the wonderful opportunity to change lives and make a difference.” – Ken Ammann, Head Men’s Basketball Coach. Over one-third of all undergraduates are involved in Eagle Athletics. The Eagle Athletic Fund allows us to bring students from all walks of life to Concordia and provides them with the Concordia Experience and the resources they truly deserve.

Softball Finishes Epic Season

The Eagles softball team completed a remarkable 2022 season.

Little Eagles Join Big Eagles at Baseball Field

Little league team "Concordia Eagles" visits the Eagles baseball team.

Setting Records, Going Pro

Basketball star breaks records.

Field Lights Shine

A revolutionary change to campus life came late last fall: the addition of field lights.

Play Ball

The baseball field, dugouts and stands received a major upgrade.

Eagles Make Noise in DII Play

Historic seasons in the new conference

Facilities Upgrades Enhance Playing