https://www.cui.edu/giving
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Why Give
Where to Give
How to Give
You & Concordia 
Events 
News & Recognition
Contact Us
Give Now
Giving
CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE
Give the Gift of Concordia.
Everything we have, God owns.
Everything we need, God supplies.

At Concordia University Irvine, our donors are investors, believers, and dreamers. Your gifts of time, talent, and treasure help us advance the university's mission to develop wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens to serve society and the church. 

Students of Concordia are benefactors of many years of prayerful financial support and thousands of donors each year. It's through our gifted faculty and your generous support that students receive the very best Lutheran Christian college education and go into the world serving God through their callings.

Together, we invest in the lives of our students, empower our faculty, and impact our community - both locally, and beyond our borders into the world. These three priorities are the heartbeat of Concordia.

Make a Gift Today
CUI donors give from the heart and their support is transforming lives every day.

GIVE NOW

Why Give

Your support is transforming lives every day.

Where to Give

Donate to a cause that is meaningful to you.

How to Give

There are many ways to make a donation to Concordia.

Stories of Impact

Your support is foundational to academic enterprise, the student experience, and our commitment to service for the common good.

Giving in Harmony

Herb and Kiu Geisler, long-time fixtures of the Concordia community, have chosen to honor Concordia by including it in their living trust, ensuring continued support for the university's mission and future endeavors.

Read Story 

Science Professor John Kenney Retires

Professor John Kenney, who had a strong hand in building the science programs at Concordia while mentoring countless students and fellow faculty members, is retiring after 22 years – and receiving an outpouring of appreciation.

Read Story 

Generation Giving: The Gueberts Donor Feature

Concordia supporters Tim and Sue Guebert raised brilliant musicians — and laid a foundation of generous giving.

Read Story 

Library Renovation Brings Together Campus Resources

The newly remodeled and renamed Paul and Cathy Schroeder Library & Learning Commons promotes student learning through a new welcome center, writing center, unity center, career and vocation center, as well as enhanced tutoring services and academic advising. The modern, contemporary design will enrich the academic experience of students for years to come.

Read Story 

Giving Campaign Tops $200,000 in One Day

The annual CU Give Back campaign raised more than $200,000 in 24 hours from a record number of donors.

Read Story 

In Good Hands

Concordia supporters Kim and John Alsop have a long history with Concordia and the Lutheran church and — like generations of family before them — are passionate about Christian education.

Read Story 

Heart of a Giver

Jerry Ruud ‘93 followed God’s calling and found fellowship and support at Concordia. Since graduating and pursuing a successful career in sales, Jerry has maintained strong ties with Concordia, fellow alumni, and has created endowments in honor of people important to him from his time as an undergraduate.

Read Story 

LaVeda Carter's Leadership, Long Tenure Celebrated at Retirement

LaVeda Carter, who held many positions and was the quiet, driving engine behind events such as the Gala of Stars, served Christ College/Concordia University Irvine for more than 40 years, as one of its first, and longest-serving employees.

Read Story 

Still Making a difference

Doy Henley, an Orange County businessman and philanthropist, has become a generous donor to Concordia University Irvine in his tenth decade of life, knowing that, “You can’t take it with you,” he says. “You’ve got to invest it the best you know how.”

Read Story 

Honoring the Legacy of Others

When the opportunity came to name rooms in the newly-built Borland-Manske Center, retired Los Angeles City firefighter Mark Howell and his wife Lauri chose to honor numerous people who contributed to their faith and love of music.

Read Story 

The Support Of Family

Siblings Avery, Cash, and Adyson Casteel chose to attend Concordia University Irvine together. Both Gary Casteel, the kids’ grandfather-father, and Claudia Casteel, the kids’ grandmother-mother, were thrilled by the student’s choice. Gary and Claudia own and operate The Shops at Heavenly Village at the popular ski resort in Lake Tahoe, close to where they have lived for 50 years. Along with this, the family has enjoyed traveling often over the years. They have been active in the Lutheran church, where the triplets have been in Lutheran education through preschool into college.

Read Story 

Treating Body & Soul

Miseker Abate walks in a legacy of godliness and care for others that was embodied in her father’s life. For him, it meant becoming a theology professor in their home country of Ethiopia, and then at Concordia Irvine. For Miseker, the path is in the field of medicine. She recently earned her medical degree from UC Irvine and a master’s degree in public health from Harvard University. She heads now to Cornell University for her surgical residency.

Read Story 

God Has a Bigger Shovel

Hank and Dixie Aschbrenner lead by example when it comes to generosity. Since 1994, Hank has worked with Concordia Irvine to raise funds for numerous projects. But Hank doesn’t just raise funds — the Aschbrenners give around 30 percent of their annual income to Lutheran universities and churches, and encourage others to do the same.

Read Story 

Next Gen Golf Apparel

When Ryan Ellis ’03 graduated from Concordia Irvine, he decided not to pursue a career in basketball as his father and sister had done, and instead launched into the clothing industry. Today, Ellis is president of Travis Mathew, the hottest brand in men's apparel for work and play, whose fans include actor Mark Wahlberg, TV celebrity Chris Harrison and dozens of PGA players, surfers and pro athletes.

Read Story 

Shared Blessings

Elayne and Paul Lohr experienced great blessing from their family’s egg business, which they helped grow from a small farm to a 60,000-bird ranch. That blessing has flowed down in their own family, and in thirty-five years of impact at CUI where their generosity has helped build the campus and support students through scholarships.

Read Story 

Innovation and Generosity

Bill and Audrey Dahlgren, long-time CUI supporters, built an industry-leading company and family through a combination of innovation, risk-taking and prayer.

Read Story 

The Business of Giving Back

Chris ’04 and Katherine Pond ’05 came to Concordia Irvine intending to pursue pastoral ministry and school teaching, respectively, but both wound up excelling in the field of business. Though still in their mid-thirties, they have become strong supporters of Concordia Irvine in a variety of ways.

Read Story 

Making a Difference

Not many people outlive their life insurance policies. At 100 years old, CUI donor Virginia Hoffman Slusser just did.

Read Story 

Significant Grants Establish Two New Centers

Two grants totaling more than half a million dollars will allow CUI to streamline and broaden students’ preparation for church leadership, and promote a broader understanding of vocation by exploring connections between faith, work, and economics.

Read Story 

Longtime Supporter Helps Upgrade Eagles Nest

On a mezzanine overlooking the gym is a newly re-designed Eagles Nest, an attractive, glass-enclosed room where CUI hosts special receptions, athletics team meetings, and seating during games. The room’s upgrade came thanks to Phyllis Talmage, a generous donor since 1973.

Read Story 

Sowing Into the Future: Seeds of Faithfulness

In the 1970s, Kelly and Cheryl Keithly heard a pioneering educator named Charles Manske, Concordia’s founding president, speak at their church about the vision for a Lutheran university in Southern California. His presentation inspired the young couple.

Read Story 

"Mighty" Music Inspires Scholarship Support

Ryan ’97 and Lyndsay (Kahler ’96) Ermeling met in the choir at Concordia University Irvine. Two years after graduating, they started the Ein Feste Burg Choral Scholarship to support the choral department and students with financial need.

Read Story 



Previous Story


Next Story
You & Concordia

Our donors are investors, believers, and dreamers. You are connected to Concordia in many ways and can impact the areas that matter to you.

Alumni
Parents & Families
Students
Faculty & Staff
Eagle Athletics Fans
Patrons of the Arts
Corporate
Churches
Friends & Community
The Arts Events 
Athletics Events 
CUI Events
Concordia News & Recognition

Life in God’s Vineyard

June 25, 2022

Concordia University Irvine’s 20th Annual Gala of Stars Hits a Home Run!

May 13, 2022

6th Annual CU Give Back a Huge Success

Nov 15, 2021

President Thomas Named to OC500 2021 Directory of Influence

Nov 10, 2021

Leading the Field in Crisis

March 22, 2021

Concordia Exceeds Comprehensive Campaign Goal Topping $100 Million

March 22, 2021

Virtual Gala Exceeds Goals

Nov 1, 2020

Dr. Ray Halm, Concordia's Second President, Called to Glory

Aug 5, 2020

Design Merges Music, Worship and Theology

May 4, 2020

Concordia University Irvine Honors Co-Founder With The Dedication of International Center

Jan 17, 2020

Concordia University Irvine Celebrates Grand Opening of Music, Worship & Theology Building

Oct 13, 2019

Concordia University Irvine Moves Up in Top 40 Spot in College Rankings

Sept 11, 2019

Undergraduate Commencement Speaker 'Continues the Great Conversation’

May 3, 2019

New Prayer Garden Dedicated in Heritage Garden

May 2, 2019

Concordia University Irvine Announces Its Largest Comprehensive Campaign

October 23, 2018

‌
Previous
‌
Next
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

