https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/maed/learning-design-technology/financial-aid
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

MAED: Learning, Design, and Technology

Program Design 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Meetings
Contact 
Apply Now
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATION: LEARNING, DESIGN, AND TECHNOLOGY
School of Education
EXPLORE 
Learning, Design, and Technology
Master of Arts in Education

This Master’s degree program will offer graduate students the opportunity to develop the skills and behaviors demonstrated by today’s innovative K-12 educators. Coursework is designed to develop an understanding of the dynamic relationship between technology, pedagogy, and content in order to creatively apply a variety of technologies to support and assess the attainment of learning outcomes for all students. Students seeking a degree in learning, design, and technology will pursue excellence in the use of technology as an effective tool for teaching and learning.

Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

SEND NOW
Curriculum Overview

The MAEd in Learning, Design, and Technology program requires a minimum of 30 units and can be completed in 10 months. MAEd coursework integrates research-based teaching and learning methods that align collaborative scholarship and best practice for educators to become experts in their field. Students who complete this degree are also eligible to take an accelerated path to earning a second MAEd in Curriculum & Instruction with only 5 additional courses.

SAMPLE COURSES
EDUT 501: Essentials in Technology Integration With Google
3

In a world where shifting to various forms of online learning is a reality for all teachers, classroom technology integration is more essential than ever. This course will introduce a model for the integration of technology, teacher pedagogy, and classroom content in order to focus technology use in an authentic and meaningful way. Given the widespread nature of Google tools in school culture, integration strategies will be introduced through a lens of preparation for completion of Google Educator Level 1 Certification.

EDUT 521: Designing Learning Environments for Equity and Accessibility
3

Meeting and exceeding the needs of all learners is central to the role of a powerful educator. This course will examine best practices for designing learning environments that expand access, differentiate instruction, and provide interventions for diverse or underrepresented learners. As part of the course, students will explore topics such as differentiated instruction in live/online settings, Universal Design for Learning, adaptive technology as a subset of educational technology, and a Cognitive Theory of Multimedia Learning.

EDUT 522: Emerging Trends in Educational Technology
3

Emerging Trends in Educational Technology explores the current and potential future impacts of emerging and rapidly evolving technologies on learning and pedagogy. This course will challenge students to evaluate emerging technologies, design projects around those technologies to apply in classroom experiences, and stay informed about future trends and innovations. Students will also gain insights on how to lead change within their instructional environment, and the challenges of system change in relation to emerging technologies.

EDUT 523: Human-Centered Design for Online Learning
3

Designing online learning environments is an essential skill for today's teacher. This course will present a structured model for generating solutions to the pedagogical challenges that educators face when creating online learning experiences for students. Special attention will be given to strategies for fostering empathy, inquiry, and community with students in the online setting. Additionally, students will explore various learning theories to better understand how educational psychology can empower the human-centered design process.

EDUT 570: Reflective Practice
3

Powerful learning and instruction emerge not only from sound, authentic pedagogical design, but from intentional reflection and analysis of one’s own teaching practice. This course will provide strategies and examples for integrating the art of critical reflection into the teaching vocation. As part of this course, teachers will investigate the intersection of technology, pedagogy, and content in their own practice, and explore methods for sharing their work with colleagues within and beyond their teaching community.

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

MAED Term Start Dates
Start Term	Start Date
Summer 1	May 6, 2024
Summer 2	June 24, 2024

All dates subject to change without notice. Always check dates with your advisor before finalizing any trips.

Complete your Master's degree in Learning, Design, and Technology by enrolling in our fully-online, asynchronous program. Within our two-year track, learners will take one course at a time for each 8 week term. Within our one-year track, learners will take two courses at a time for each 8 week term.

This asynchronous learning environment provides the flexibility ideal for busy educators. Our fully-online courses require no face-to-face, on-campus sessions or required synchronous sessions. This accommodating modality consists entirely of online elements that facilitate student interactions with the innovative content, the instructor, and with other online learners.

APPLY NOW

Success Spotlight
Bill Selak: Empowering Students with Technology

Professor Bill Selak remembers the day he set aside his normal lesson plan and invited 36 fifth-grade students to compose and record together using GarageBand on a single laptop. “They were super-engaged,” Prof. Selak says. “It was one of those moments like in the movie The Matrix where Neo starts seeing in code and realizes that he can do it..."

Tuition/Fee	Summer '24, Fall '24 / Spring '25
Non-refundable Application Fee: Domestic	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: International	$150
Student Success Fee	$50
Graduation Fee	Graduation Fee
Cost per Unit	$685
Tuition & Financial Aid

Concordia’s School of Education offers a competitively priced online degree program. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

VIEW TUITION & FINANCIAL AID

School of Education

Concordia’s School of Education offers four different teaching credentials, seven distinctive Master of Arts in Education (MAEd) graduate degrees, and a Doctorate of Education (EdD) in Leadership. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. Concordia’s School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their career.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THE SCHOOL OF EDUCATION

Admission Requirements

Applicant must hold a valid bachelor's degree or higher from a regionally accredited institution, or an international evaluation by a NACES-approved evaluation agency verifying the equivalent of a regionally accredited U.S. bachelor's degree or higher.

To complete your MAED: Learning, Design, and Technology (online) admission file you will need the following:

Online application
$50 non-refundable application fee
Official copies of highest degree granting institution transcripts
Cumulative GPA of 2.75 or better
APPLY NOW
Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
ZIP Code

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

SEND NOW
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

