e various learning theories to better understand how educational psychology can empower the human-centered design process.

EDUT 570: Reflective Practice
3

Powerful learning and instruction emerge not only from sound, authentic pedagogical design, but from intentional reflection and analysis of one’s own teaching practice. This course will provide strategies and examples for integrating the art of critical reflection into the teaching vocation. As part of this course, teachers will investigate the intersection of technology, pedagogy, and content in their own practice, and explore methods for sharing their work with colleagues within and beyond their teaching community.

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

MAED Term Start Dates
Start Term	Start Date
Summer 1	May 6, 2024
Summer 2	June 24, 2024

All dates subject to change without notice. Always check dates with your advisor before finalizing any trips.

Complete your Master's degree in Learning, Design, and Technology by enrolling in our fully-online, asynchronous program. Within our two-year track, learners will take one course at a time for each 8 week term. Within our one-year track, learners will take two courses at a time for each 8 week term.

This asynchronous learning environment provides the flexibility ideal for busy educators. Our fully-online courses require no face-to-face, on-campus sessions or required synchronous sessions. This accommodating modality consists entirely of online elements that facilitate student interactions with the innovative content, the instructor, and with other online learners.

APPLY NOW

Success Spotlight
Bill Selak: Empowering Students with Technology

Professor Bill Selak remembers the day he set aside his normal lesson plan and invited 36 fifth-grade students to compose and record together using GarageBand on a single laptop. “They were super-engaged,” Prof. Selak says. “It was one of those moments like in the movie The Matrix where Neo starts seeing in code and realizes that he can do it..."

Tuition/Fee	Summer '24, Fall '24 / Spring '25
Non-refundable Application Fee: Domestic	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: International	$150
Student Success Fee	$50
Graduation Fee	Graduation Fee
Cost per Unit	$685
Tuition & Financial Aid

Concordia’s School of Education offers a competitively priced online degree program. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

VIEW TUITION & FINANCIAL AID

School of Education

Concordia’s School of Education offers four different teaching credentials, seven distinctive Master of Arts in Education (MAEd) graduate degrees, and a Doctorate of Education (EdD) in Leadership. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. Concordia’s School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their career.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THE SCHOOL OF EDUCATION

Admission Requirements

Applicant must hold a valid bachelor's degree or higher from a regionally accredited institution, or an international evaluation by a NACES-approved evaluation agency verifying the equivalent of a regionally accredited U.S. bachelor's degree or higher.

To complete your MAED: Learning, Design, and Technology (online) admission file you will need the following:

Online application
$50 non-refundable application fee
Official copies of highest degree granting institution transcripts
Cumulative GPA of 2.75 or better
APPLY NOW
Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
ZIP Code

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

SEND NOW
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

