https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/commencement
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar | Commencement

Graduation 
Past Events 
Contact Us
Commencement 2024: May 4, 2024
Concordia University Irvine

Celebrating all Winter 2024 and Spring 2024 graduates.

 
 
#CUIClassof2024 #CUIGrad
Ceremony Details

Commencement information will be sent to graduation candidates via their Eagles email account. Graduates should be sure to check their Eagles email frequently and are encouraged to share that information with their guests.

This page is frequently updated as additional information becomes available from the Commencement Committee. Please contact graduation@cui.edu with your commencement questions.

Save the Dates

MAY

3

Baccalaureate Worship Service -
May 3, 2024

The service is for all graduating students, their attending family, and friends.

May 3rd, 2024 – 3:30PM

CU Center: 1530 Concordia West, Irvine, CA 92612

COMMENCEMENT PLAYLIST

MAY

4

Commencement Ceremony -
May 4, 2024

This ceremony will be celebrating all Winter 2024 and Spring 2024 graduates.

May 4th, 2024 – 8:30AM

1530 Concordia West, Irvine, CA 92612

The stage portion of the commencement ceremony will be live-streamed. The video will come available the day of commencement.

COMMENCEMENT LIVESTREAM
Commencement Format

Concordia University Irvine is proud to celebrate our graduates alongside their families through a unique ceremony format. This walkthrough format allows graduates and their families to engage with the campus community together while celebrating each graduate’s individual accomplishments. Please click here to watch a highlight video of one of our past Commencements.

As soon as graduates and their families arrive on campus, they will be guided along a route through campus to the stage. See an example video of the route here. Plan for walking approximately half a mile over a period of 30-40 minutes. PLEASE DRESS ACCORDINGLY! Portions of the walkway may be uphill. Graduates will enter the CU Center with their friends and family, walk across the stage, and have professional photos taken. After the graduate has crossed the stage and their family and friends are done cheering, they will meet outside to continue celebrating. Multiple photo opportunities will be present on our beautiful campus.

Guest Assistance

This ceremony is a walking ceremony, but golf cart rides will be provided from the parking lot to the venue and back to the parking lot for guests who need assistance. Golf cart services cannot be reserved in advance but will be readily available for those who need assistance. Let the gatehouse attendant know that you need assistance and a cart will meet you at your parking spot. If necessary, guests should bring their own walkers or wheelchairs as none will be provided. Please note that only trained service dogs are allowed at commencement.

Parking Passes/Tickets

Due to limited parking availability and venue capacity restrictions, graduates will be issued 2 commencement parking passes each. The commencement parking pass is in lieu of guest tickets and graduates may invite as many guests as can safely fit inside the vehicle. Vehicles must be able to fit into a standard-size parking stall (no RVs, limos, party buses, etc.). Commencement parking passes will be issued to graduates who have a time slot via their Eagles email the week before Commencement. Regular campus parking passes will not grant entry to campus during the ceremony and we will not issue additional passes. Please plan accordingly. There will be a designated area on campus for rideshare services to drop off and pick up.

Time Slots

Graduates will be assigned time slots ranging between 8:45am-11:45am. Time slots represent the time that the graduate and all of their guests should arrive on campus to begin their celebration. Each time slot has a maximum capacity but there are enough time slots for everyone. All graduates must fill out a Time Slot Request Form to participate in Commencement. Students who do not fill out this form will not be assigned a time slot. The form will be sent to students via their eagles email on March 5th and will be open until March 13th at 4:30pm. The form will allow students to either request other graduates they would like to walk with OR to request a specific time slot. Please know we will try our very best to accommodate everyone’s requests, but requests are not guaranteed. After the form closes, any and all time slot requests will not be accepted. Official time slot assignments will be emailed to graduates who filled out the form in late March.

Rain or Shine Event

The ceremony will be held rain or shine.

Photos

We are pleased to offer GradImages as our photo vendor. Pre-register for photography before the ceremony for 20% off of your order.

Decorum & Celebration Policies

Gown length and style may not be altered. Stoles and h