 time slots for everyone. All graduates must fill out a Time Slot Request Form to participate in Commencement. Students who do not fill out this form will not be assigned a time slot. The form will be sent to students via their eagles email on March 5th and will be open until March 13th at 4:30pm. The form will allow students to either request other graduates they would like to walk with OR to request a specific time slot. Please know we will try our very best to accommodate everyone’s requests, but requests are not guaranteed. After the form closes, any and all time slot requests will not be accepted. Official time slot assignments will be emailed to graduates who filled out the form in late March.

Rain or Shine Event

The ceremony will be held rain or shine.

Photos

We are pleased to offer GradImages as our photo vendor. Pre-register for photography before the ceremony for 20% off of your order.

Decorum & Celebration Policies

Gown length and style may not be altered. Stoles and hoods may not be customized in any way. Modest personal embellishments are allowed on the cap, but must lie flat, cannot extend over the edge, and must be appropriate.

Only Concordia-approved regalia (including pins, stoles, cords, and medallions) bestowed at the Undergraduate Academic Achievement ceremony and provided by university-sponsored clubs or Concordia University Irvine Veterans Resource Center may be worn at graduation. Decorative items such as costume leis, beads, or sashes may only be worn after the ceremony. Balloons, alcohol, glass, noisemakers, firearms, and weapons are not permitted on campus.

Hotel and Travel Information

Concordia is partnering with local hotels to give you and your guests a pleasant stay during your celebration.

Hilton Garden Inn Irvine/Orange County Airport – click here to book a room. A discount is available for reservations placed before 4/12/2024. Call (949) 224-3900 and mention “Concordia Spring Commencement 2024” for the discount.

Courtyard Irvine Spectrum – click here to book a room. A discount is available for reservations placed before 4/1/2024. Call (844) 610-7857 and mention "Concordia University" for the discount.

Local Airports

The nearest airport to Concordia is John Wayne Airport, Orange County (SNA).

Other nearby airports include Burbank Airport, Long Beach Airport, Los Angeles International Airport, Ontario International Airport, and San Diego International Airport.

Prepare for Your Big Day

As you look ahead and anticipate walking in Concordia University Irvine’s Commencement Ceremony, preparation begins months in advance, beginning with your application for Graduation. Please see the degree pages for Bachelor’s, Master’s, and Doctoral candidates to learn about deadlines and details.

Regalia

Gowns for Bachelor’s and Master’s Graduates are sized according to height and weight and are ordered according to information provided on the Application for Graduation. Academic regalia is free of charge. Bachelor’s regalia includes a cap, gown, tassel, and stole. Master’s regalia includes a cap, gown, tassel, and hood. Doctoral graduates will order their regalia through Jostens. More information can be found on graduation pages for Bachelor’s, Master’s, and Doctoral candidates. Here is a link to a video that shows how to wear the academic hood for master's degree and doctoral degree candidates. Doctoral candidates will be hooded on stage by their Chair. All other students should arrive at commencement wearing all regalia.

Graduation Announcements, Class Rings, and Accessories

You may order special Concordia University Irvine branded memorabilia from the Jostens’ website or by calling 800-854-7464. CUI’s Bookstore also has some great alumni gear and diploma frames. There will be flowers for sale. You can pre-order flowers by clicking here or you may purchase them on commencement day. 

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

