https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/graduation/bachelors-degree
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar

Registration & Classes 
Graduation
Academic Catalog
Student Records 
Academic Calendar
Forms 
Resources 
Contact Us
Bachelor's Degree Graduation Requirements
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR
ON THIS PAGE 
Graduation Applications

Degree posting is not automatic and all students who wish to have their degree posted must complete an Application for Graduation. This is necessary regardless of intent to participate in the commencement ceremony. It is the student's responsibility to submit the following to the Registrar's Office before the posted deadlines.

Meeting the application deadline is very important to ensure there isn't a delay in getting your degree posted. Late applications will jeopardize your eligibility to receive awards and participate in commencement. The application deadlines and fees are listed on this website, academic calendar, and on the graduation applications. Students may only participate in the ceremony at the end of their last semester.

Undergraduate Graduation Application Instructions »

Summer/Fall Graduation Application
Late Graduation Application (Fillable PDF attached)

Students who do not complete their degree requirements in the academic year in which they applied will be required to submit a Reapply Graduation Application. If degree requirements were completed at another institution, official transcripts must also be sent to the Registrar's Office. Re-applicants are not eligible to participate in commencement.

Reapply Graduation Application
Application Deadlines and Fee Schedule

The following fee rates are determined by the date the completed Graduation Application is submitted by the student. Late applications will jeopardize your eligibility to receive honors and participate in commencement.

Summer 2023	Fall 2023	Spring 2024
May 26, 2023 (deadline to walk in Fall commencement)	$185	September 8, 2023 (deadline to walk in commencement)	$185	December 1, 2023 (early applications)    	$185
Late Applications (after May 26, 2023)	$340	Late Applications (after September 8, 2023)    	$340	January 26, 2024 (deadline to walk in commencement    	$215
 	 	 	 	Late Applications (after January 26, 2024)    	$340
Summer 2024	Fall 2024	Spring 2025
May 30, 2024 (deadline to walk in Fall commencement)	$185	September 13, 2024 (deadline to walk in commencement)	$185	December 6, 2024 (early applications)	$185
Late Applications (after May 26, 2024)	$340	Late Applications (after September 13, 2024)	$340	January 31, 2025 (deadline to walk in commencement	$215
 	 	 	 	Late Applications (after January 31, 2025)	$340
Graduation Application Fee

All students must submit payment for the Graduation Application Fee at the same time as they submit the application. We accept credit cards, debit cards, exact cash, check, or echeck. This fee is non-refundable and assessed regardless of the student's intent to participate in the commencement ceremony.

The Graduation Application Fee covers the administrative time needed to process the application, run a degree audit, track the student’s progress and post the degree to the student’s transcript. It also covers the cost of ordering and mailing the diploma.

Commencement Information

Commencement is a celebration of degree completion and is reserved for students who have completed all of their degree requirements. No student will be allowed to participate who has not completed all of their degree requirements.Graduates may only participate in one commencement ceremony. Ceremony options are listed on the Graduation Application for each semester. Fall Commencement celebrates Summer and Fall graduates and Spring Commencement celebrates Spring graduates only.

Communication Regarding Commencement

Check your Eagles email frequently, note, and adhere to any deadlines communicated. Late responses will jeopardize your ability to participate in the Commencement ceremony.

Spring Grad Fest & Regalia Pick Up: March 11, 2024

This event is for students who have applied for graduation and indicated that they want to participate in the Spring Commencement Ceremony. Those who fall under this category will receive reminder emails. Come for prizes, academic regalia*, diploma frames, class rings and graduation announcements.

When: Monday, March 11, 2024
Location: Grimm Hall North 302 Conference Center on the Concordia University Irvine campus
1530 Concordia West, Irvine CA 92612
Time: 1:00-3:00 PM
This is a come and go event and you do not need to stay for the duration of the event. No RSVP is required.
*Regalia will not be issued until proof of degree requirement completion is established (receipt of outstanding transcripts, proof of enrollment, substitution forms, etc). Regalia will be withheld until all financial obligations are met.

Proof of Enrollment

Students who are concurrently enrolled in units at another school must provide proof of enrollment during their last semester after the census date. If they withdraw from the course(s) after submitting the proof, they are obligated to notify the Registrar's Office and their graduation status must be re-evaluated. No applications for graduation will be accepted without proof of enrollment for all outstanding course requirements.

Degree Posting and Transcripts

Degrees will not be evaluated for verification or conferral and diplomas will not be released until all financial obligations are met. Otherwise, degrees will be posted after all requirements have been satisfied. Degree requirements can be found in the Academic Catalog. Concordia posts degrees three times a year—at the completion of the regular Summer (August), regular Fall (December), and regular Spring (May) terms. Degrees are not posted mid-term, even if a program ends mid-term.

Please allow 4-6 weeks after the end of the regular semester for the final posting of your degree and make future plans accordingly. Transcripts can be ordered through the Registrar's Office online. Click the button below for more information.

ORDER TRANSCRIPTS

Diplomas

Official diplomas are issued 6-8 weeks after the degree is posted provided that you have no outstanding financial obligations to the University. They are mailed to the address provided on your Graduation Application. Replacement diplomas are available by completing the Diploma Reorder Form. The cost for a replacement diploma is $25 and takes 6-8 weeks to obtain.

Federal Loan Exit Counseling

If you have borrowed money under the Stafford Loan program, federal regulations require you to complete Loan Exit Counseling before graduating. The Financial Aid Office has arranged for you to complete the session online at cui.edu/loans. If you have questions, contact Financial Aid at 949-214-3066.

Regalia

Gowns are sized according to height and weight and are ordered according to information provided by the student on the Application for Graduation. Academic regalia is free of charge and includes a cap, gown, tassel, and stole. Regalia will be withheld until all financial obligations and graduation application requirements are met.

Honors and Honor Cords

Honors are awarded to eligible undergraduate students for the commencement ceremony. Commencement participants who are recipients will receive honor cords or stoles at the Academic Achievements Ceremony. For the ceremony, honors status will be determined based on the cumulative GPA at the end of the semester prior to graduation term. Once final grades are calculated, honor status will be re-evaluated and may change. This final honors designation will be reflected on students' transcripts and diploma.

Cum Laude	3.70 – 3.79
Magna Cum Laude	3.80 – 3.89
Summa Cum Laude	3.90 - 4.00
Decorum Policies
Gown length and style may not be altered. Stoles may not be customized in any way.
Modest personal embellishments are allowed on the cap, but MUST lay flat, cannot extend over the edge, and must be appropriate.
Only CUI-approved regalia (including pins, stoles, cords, and medallions) bestowed at the Undergraduate Academic Achievement ceremony and provided by university-sponsored clubs or CUI Veterans Resource Center may be worn at graduation. Decorative items such as costume leis, beads, or sashes may only be worn after the ceremony.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

