ll jeopardize your ability to participate in the Commencement ceremony.

Spring Grad Fest & Regalia Pick Up: March 11, 2024

This event is for students who have applied for graduation and indicated that they want to participate in the Spring Commencement Ceremony. Those who fall under this category will receive reminder emails. Come for prizes, academic regalia*, diploma frames, class rings and graduation announcements.

When: Monday, March 11, 2024
Location: Grimm Hall North 302 Conference Center on the Concordia University Irvine campus
1530 Concordia West, Irvine CA 92612
Time: 1:00-3:00 PM
This is a come and go event and you do not need to stay for the duration of the event. No RSVP is required.
*Regalia will not be issued until proof of degree requirement completion is established (receipt of outstanding transcripts, proof of enrollment, substitution forms, etc). Regalia will be withheld until all financial obligations are met.

Proof of Enrollment

Students who are concurrently enrolled in units at another school must provide proof of enrollment during their last semester after the census date. If they withdraw from the course(s) after submitting the proof, they are obligated to notify the Registrar's Office and their graduation status must be re-evaluated. No applications for graduation will be accepted without proof of enrollment for all outstanding course requirements.

Degree Posting and Transcripts

Degrees will not be evaluated for verification or conferral and diplomas will not be released until all financial obligations are met. Otherwise, degrees will be posted after all requirements have been satisfied. Degree requirements can be found in the Academic Catalog. Concordia posts degrees three times a year—at the completion of the regular Summer (August), regular Fall (December), and regular Spring (May) terms. Degrees are not posted mid-term, even if a program ends mid-term.

Please allow 4-6 weeks after the end of the regular semester for the final posting of your degree and make future plans accordingly. Transcripts can be ordered through the Registrar's Office online. Click the button below for more information.

ORDER TRANSCRIPTS

Diplomas

Official diplomas are issued 6-8 weeks after the degree is posted provided that you have no outstanding financial obligations to the University. They are mailed to the address provided on your Graduation Application. Replacement diplomas are available by completing the Diploma Reorder Form. The cost for a replacement diploma is $25 and takes 6-8 weeks to obtain.

Federal Loan Exit Counseling

If you have borrowed money under the Stafford Loan program, federal regulations require you to complete Loan Exit Counseling before graduating. The Financial Aid Office has arranged for you to complete the session online at cui.edu/loans. If you have questions, contact Financial Aid at 949-214-3066.

Regalia

Gowns are sized according to height and weight and are ordered according to information provided by the student on the Application for Graduation. Academic regalia is free of charge and includes a cap, gown, tassel, and stole. Regalia will be withheld until all financial obligations and graduation application requirements are met.

Honors and Honor Cords

Honors are awarded to eligible undergraduate students for the commencement ceremony. Commencement participants who are recipients will receive honor cords or stoles at the Academic Achievements Ceremony. For the ceremony, honors status will be determined based on the cumulative GPA at the end of the semester prior to graduation term. Once final grades are calculated, honor status will be re-evaluated and may change. This final honors designation will be reflected on students' transcripts and diploma.

Cum Laude	3.70 – 3.79
Magna Cum Laude	3.80 – 3.89
Summa Cum Laude	3.90 - 4.00
Decorum Policies
Gown length and style may not be altered. Stoles may not be customized in any way.
Modest personal embellishments are allowed on the cap, but MUST lay flat, cannot extend over the edge, and must be appropriate.
Only CUI-approved regalia (including pins, stoles, cords, and medallions) bestowed at the Undergraduate Academic Achievement ceremony and provided by university-sponsored clubs or CUI Veterans Resource Center may be worn at graduation. Decorative items such as costume leis, beads, or sashes may only be worn after the ceremony.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

