https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/graduation/doctorate-degree
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar

Registration & Classes 
Graduation
Academic Catalog
Student Records 
Academic Calendar
Forms 
Resources 
Contact Us
Doctoral Degree Graduation Requirements
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR
ON THIS PAGE 
Graduation Applications
Doctoral Degree Candidates

Degree posting is not automatic and all students who wish to have their degree posted must complete an Application for Graduation. This is necessary regardless of intent to participate in the commencement ceremony. It is the student's responsibility to submit the application to the Registrar's Office before the posted deadlines. Meeting the application deadline is very important to ensure there is not a delay in getting your degree posted. The application deadlines and fees are listed on this website and academic calendar.

Graduation Application

Your advisor will email you with instructions on how to apply for graduation; please follow these instructions closely.

Application Deadlines and Fee Schedule

A late fee will be assessed for late applications. A late application will jeopardize your eligibility to participate in commencement. The application deadlines are as follows:

Summer 2023	Fall 2023	Spring 2024
May 26, 2023    	September 15, 2023    	February 24, 2024
Summer 2022	Fall 2022	Spring 2023
May 27, 2022	September 16, 2022	February 24, 2023
Graduation Application Fee

All students enrolled in their capstone course will be billed the $185 Graduation Application Fee. This is a one-time fee so if you do not complete the course and need to re-register, you do not need to pay it again. The Graduation Application Fee is non-refundable and assessed regardless of the student's intent to participate in the commencement ceremony. This fee covers the administrative time needed to process the application, run a degree audit, track the student's progress and post the degree to the student's transcript. It also covers the cost of ordering and mailing the diploma.

Degree Requirements

See the Academic Catalog for specific requirements.

Degree Posting and Transcripts

Degrees will not be evaluated for verification or conferral and diplomas will not be released until all financial obligations are met. Otherwise, degrees will be posted after all requirements have been satisfied.

Please allow 4-6 weeks after the end of the term for the final posting of your degree and make future plans accordingly. Transcripts can be ordered through the Registrar's Office online. Click the button below for more information.

ORDER TRANSCRIPTS

Diplomas

Official diplomas are issued 6-8 weeks after the degree is posted provided that you have no outstanding financial obligations to the University. They are mailed to the address provided on your Graduation Application. Replacement diplomas are available by completing the Diploma Reorder Form. The cost for a replacement diploma is $25 and takes 6-8 weeks to obtain.

Commencement Information

Doctoral students are eligible to walk when they have applied for graduation and received approval from the EdD Department. Graduates may only participate in one commencement ceremony. Please contact  eddoffice@cui.edu or graduation@cui.edu for specific questions. 

Communication Regarding Commencement

Check your Eagles email frequently, note, and adhere to any deadlines communicated. Late responses will jeopardize your ability to participate in the Commencement ceremony.

Regalia

Academic regalia for doctoral students includes a fine quality tam, tassel, and hood, and Sussex robe. All regalia is custom and made according to the measurements students provide during the ordering process. Students will receive the ordering link from the Office of the Registrar when it becomes available. 

Honors

Graduate students are not eligible for honors. In academe, being admitted and completing a graduate degree is considered an honor.

Decorum Policies
Doctoral regalia, including the length and style, may not be altered. Hoods and tams may not be customized in any way.
Only CUI-approved regalia (including pins, stoles, cords, and medallions) bestowed at the Undergraduate Academic Achievement ceremony and provided by university-sponsored clubs or CUI Veterans Resource Center may be worn at graduation. Decorative items such as costume leis, beads, or sashes may only be worn after the ceremony.
Federal Loan Exit Counseling

If you have borrowed money under the Stafford Loan program, federal regulations require you to complete Loan Exit Counseling before graduating. The Financial Aid Office has arranged for you to complete the session online at www.cui.edu/loans. If you have questions, contact Financial Aid at 949-214-3066.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

