https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/theology-beta/coffee-shop-commentaries
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theology Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
Coffee Shop Commentaries
CHRIST COLLEGE

CJ Armstrong, assistant professor of history and an ordained pastor in the LCMS, feels like the new kid on the block compared to the scholars around him. Armstrong’s commentary on several of the general epistles (James, 1 and 2 Peter, 1, 2 and 3 John and Jude) for the RHBC series came out last fall and Armstrong credits “his fantastic church and people who listen to me in Bible class” for helping shape the work, as well as his fellow scholars at Christ College.

“Here at Concordia I have great colleagues who are willing to listen to my ideas,” Arm- strong says. “They are brilliant, experts in their fields, scholars second to none. They are faithful to a Lutheran hermeneutic, looking at things faithfully through the lens of Jesus Christ as the center of Scriptures. To have colleagues who continue to keep the faith is important.”

Most of Armstrong’s writing was done at a busy Orange County coffee shop with “terrible coffee and terrible service but outdoor seating, a wonderful patio and great character.” The white noise helped him to focus, he says: “If I see the world around me—the car wash going off in the back, the music piped through—there’s something psychological about that. I can really pound that through.”

Scott Ashmon, assistant professor of Old Testament and Hebrew, is the opposite. While writing his scholarly work on birth annunciations in the Bible—that is, the foretelling of births such Jesus’, John the Baptist’s and Isaac’s—he found music, noise and even beautiful scenery so distracting that he turned his desk to face a blank white wall and wrote for six hours at a stretch.

“That’s just how I had to operate,” he says.

His book Birth Annunciations in the Hebrew Bible and Ancient Near East (Edwin Mellen Press, 2012) has been reviewed in top scholarly journals and is in several research libraries such as Oxford, Cambridge, Harvard and Princeton. Ashmon says,

I’m interested ultimately in how it helps the church.”

“That’s part of the reason I chose this topic rather than, say, gold mining in the ancient world. This is ultimately Christo-centric. Hopefully it’s going to be helpful to pastors.”

Ashmon chipped away at the book over seven years, mostly on Saturday mornings in his office. He was recently asked to con- sider writing the Malachi commentary for the CCS series, to sit alongside Middendorf’s Romans commentaries.

“It’s daunting,” Ashmon says. “To approach Malachi isn’t just to approach the book of Malachi but the prophetic corpus, and to know all the scholarship about that... Of course it will employ scholarship but I’m not really writing this for the scholarship at Yale. I’m writing for pastors and interested laypeople, and of course it will be good for scholars, too. But I want to help with the proclamation of the full word of God for the church and the sake of the gospel... The academy is a servant of the gospel. What we examine in the academy is important, but not ultimately important. What’s ultimately important is Christ and his gospel. I like being at a place where we take the best of that scholarship and help clarify, explain and proclaim God’s word.”

CHRIST COLLEGE INK »
WRESTLING WITH ROMANS »
REVELATION OF LOVE »
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

