https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/theology-beta/revelation-of-love
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theology Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
Revelation of Love
CHRIST COLLEGE

Mark Brighton, professor of biblical languages and theology, first engaged the book of Revelation in a serious way as an undergraduate at Concordia University Irvine (then Christ College Irvine) in 1979.

“I began to read commentaries on it and was very taken with it,” he says. “It’s such a pastoral book. It’s often taken as secret decoder ring of future decades, and that’s unfortunate.”

Brighton graduated from CCI in 1981 and returned as an adjunct faculty in 1982.

“I have a unique opportunity here,” he says. “I don’t think there’s anywhere else where I could come into contact with a hundred and fifty undergraduates and we get to read Scripture together. This is why I love my job so much.”

Brighton often starts his day with five- mile runs and prayer. He wrote the initial manuscript for the RHBC series’ Revelation commentary in three months, on a tiny laptop at his dining room table.

“It’s a daunting task to organize thoughts and get them on paper, but it was fun to live in the book of Revelation very intensely for a few months,” he says.

He relied on scholarship by his father, Louis Brighton, who wrote the CCS book on Revelation, published in 1999.

“For him it was always about the love of Jesus,” Mark says. “Finally that’s what I see in the book of Revelation. It’s about [God’s] grace and his power to save. For my father it was both academic and highly personal... When I’m with my students I’m much more interested in having them engage Jesus in his grace and power to save."

"I would like for them to love Jesus. Love of theology and confessions is good, but it can’t stop there."

Finally your love for theology has to point you to your first love which is Christ.”

President Krueger says that motivation is what makes Christ College special.

“Not only are the faculty scholars but excellent teachers,” Krueger says. “That’s rare to find. We have been really blessed with faculty who can do both. They relate well to students, and they can do the heavy lifting of biblical exegesis and confes- sional scholarship.”

CHRIST COLLEGE INK »
COFFEE SHOP COMMENTARIES »
WRESTLING WITH ROMANS »
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

