https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/theatre-design-technical-production
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theatre Design and Technical Production Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Theatre Design and Technical Production Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

This is one option for a minor in our Theatre Major. Other options to consider are linked here.

THEATRE
MUSICAL THEATRE
Curriculum
THEATRE DESIGN AND TECHNICAL PRODUCTION MINOR
21 Units
THR 200: Stagecraft
3

Through hands-on experiences this course will introduce the practical application of theatrical design principles including techniques and practices of technical organization, set construction, lighting preparation, costume construction, makeup application, and sound preparation. Lab fee: $50.

THR 210: Introduction to Theatrical Design
3

As an introduction to the theories and principles of theatrical design, this course will emphasize the holistic and scenographic approach, while exploring set, lighting, costume, makeup, and sound design with director/ designer collaboration. Lab fee: $50.

THR 251: Introduction to Theatre
3

This course will provide an overview of the various conventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

THR 322: Computer Aided Design
3

This course will introduce students to the application of computer hardware and software for the theatre including instruction and practice in computer aided design (CAD), computer rendering, and 3D modeling. Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: THR 210 or consent of instructor.

THR 323: Period Styles of Design
3

Through a survey of historical periods and design styles as they are applied to theatre, this course will include an examination of architecture, costumes, furniture, interiors, lighting, ornament, and stage scenery. Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: THR 210 or consent of instructor.

Choose 2 of the following courses:
THR 325: Scenic Design
3

This course will study scenography covering the design of stage settings and properties including further development of drafting skills for the theatre. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: THR 210 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.

THR 327: Lighting and Sound Design
3

This course will cover production lighting and sound design, and a variety of practical applications. Lab fee: $50. Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: THR 210 or consent of instructor.

THR 329: Costume Design
3

Through the design of theatrical costumes and accessories expressed through color renderings, this course will include overview of the history of costume. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: THR 210 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

