https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/mba/articles
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Business Administration
Curriculum 
Faculty
Alumni
Mentorship
Financial Aid
Events 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MBA Articles
MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (MBA)
Re-Accreditation Affirms School of Business and Economics’ Academic Offerings and Culture of Improvement

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 2/16/2024 - 2 minute read

Concordia’s School of Business and Economics received the maximum re-accreditation from the International Accreditation Council of Business Education (IACBE) for the maximum possible period of seven years—a high-water mark for the 25-year program which has been built on a culture of continuous improvement.

View Post »

A Passion to Excel

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 3/14/2022 - 8 minute read

As young, motivated professionals G.M. (Gian-Marco) ’11 and Sara Ciallella ’11 are excelling in their careers like they did as pioneers in lacrosse and cheerleading at Concordia University Irvine.

View Post »

Teaching the Sports Biz

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 3/14/2022 - 7 minute read

Concordia's School of Business and Economics (SOBE) is rebranding and re-focusing its former sports management program as a BA in Sports Business, while also launching a new MBA in Sports Business.

View Post »

A New ‘Major’ At CUI

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 11/1/2020 - 3 minute read

Recent graduate Justin Winn, MBA ’20, has served on active duty with the U.S. Army for nearly 15 years, rising from an entry-level position as a helicopter mechanic to become a commissioned officer specializing in human resources. When Winn got the opportunity to pursue a graduate degree, he chose to come to Concordia Irvine to earn his MBA.

View Post »

Lucie Wang ‘19: Mastering New Realities

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 8/22/2019 - 2 minute read

As a professional, Concordia Irvine MBA alum Lucie Wang helps create systems so that large sports arenas can replenish foods to hundreds of concession locations in real time.

View Post »

A Sudden Loss and a Healing Journey

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 7/25/2019 - 4 minute read

When Erin Journigan began dating Concordia Irvine MBA student Richie Linden, she heard a lot about how he “absolutely loved” the program, she says.

View Post »

‘Dual Enrollment’ Leads to Couple’s Promotions

Posted on 7/8/2019 - 3 minute read

William MBA '18 and Jaime MBA '18 Buda did something brave — enrolled as a newly married couple in Concordia Irvine’s MBA program. The result was a deeper personal relationship, and promotions at their respective jobs.

View Post »

«
1
2
3
»
Get Started Today

To learn more about how you can unlock your pathway to success, complete the form below and our admissions counselor will connect with you.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
ZIP Code 
Applicant Type 
- Select applicant type
Domestic
International
Program of Interest 
- Select a program
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
Master of Business Administration in Sports Business
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

