1 and 262, or consent of instructor.
THR 390: Practicum: Theatre
2
A practical, hands-on learning experience where students will work on one or more theatre department productions. Earned in one-unit increments.
Meet your Professors

Professors in the Theatre Department are active participants in mentoring students and nurturing individual artistic growth. Our curriculum is developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with hands-on experience.

Lori Siekman
Theatre Chair

Professor Siekmann is the 2015 recipient of the Kennedy Center/American College Theatre Festival's Gold Medallion of Excellence - the highest award the Kennedy Center gives to educators. Three of her productions have been invited to appear at the regional festival of KC/ACTF.

Tony Vezner
Theatre Professor

A recipient of the KC/ACTF Award for Excellence in Education, Professor Vezner collaborated with Prof. Lee from English to lead the 2016 Around-the-World Semester® which took a team of students to 10 countries over 20 weeks - studying and serving in each country. His previous work includes 14 years as a professional stage director in Chicago.

Andrew Sierszyn
Theatre Professor

Professor Sierszyn brings a wealth of experience and education to his work at Concordia. Andrew has served as a technical director for productions at Sunset Playhouse, Illinois Shakespeare Festival, and Illinois State University, as well as being a prolific designer for Wisconsin Lutheran College and Illinois State University. Additionally, his work as a scenic designer and charge artist includes professional summer stock at the Monomoy Theatre in Chatham, Massachusetts.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

THEATRE FACULTY
TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Theatre major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Professor Tony Vezner
Theatre Department
(949) 214-3425
tony.vezner@cui.edu

Behind the Scenes

Take a peek at what goes on behind the scenes.

FOLLOW OUR BLOG
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

