https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/theatre
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theatre Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Contact 
Get Started
Theatre Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Theatre at Concordia

The craft of acting, the art of design, and the nuance of directing are pursuits for students who care deeply about story and recognize the impact theatre, television, and video can have on shaping our world view.

Building on a well-rounded foundation of core courses, you can choose from two areas of specialization to focus your theatre degree:

Acting and Directing
Design and Technical Production
Film and Digital Video Production

Collaborating closely with instructors, Concordia’s Theatre Department is a tight-knit community that will nurture your individual growth in performance or production and allow you to learn by doing. Theatre majors have the opportunity to be a part of five full productions per season. With a legacy for bold, artistic productions, Concordia students are frequently recognized for their work at the Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival, as well as within the community, and gain invaluable experience to pursue graduate school or immediate work in the performing arts.

APPLY NOW

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s School of Arts are pursuing their passion and creating work in a variety of professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Creating Visual Worlds

Hannah Welter '10

Hannah Welter has graced Disneyland park, online TV shows and Concordia University Irvine's theatre productions as a set and costume designer. But until she came to Concordia, she didn’t realize she could create visual worlds for a living.

READ STORY
Alum Voices the Kool-Aid Man

Brock Powell '11

The voice of the Kool Aid Man for Kraft foods and employed by Marvel Comics at Comikazee Conventions.

READ STORY
A Rising Star

Wesley Barnes 15'

Since graduating from Concordia University Irvine, the New York City resident's career has flourished, with appearances in Magic of the Dance in Germany and Taiwan, a production of In the Heights at Theatre Under the Stars in Houston, Texas, the play Choir Boy at the Briggs Opera House in Vermont, and The Scottsboro Boys at Phoenix Theatre in Arizona.

READ STORY
Where our Alumni Are Working

Our theatre graduates are working in the industry. Here are some additional highlights.

Disneyland
Universal Studios
Disney World
Utah Shakespeare Festival
Pfinix Creative Studios
GoButton Productions
Disney HD Channel
Segerstrom Center for the Performing Arts
The Ned Show
Theatricum Botanicum
Two Rivers Theatre
North Coast Repertory Theatre
New Village Arts
San Diego Fringe Festival
Hollywood Fringe Festival
Chance Theater
South Coast Repertory Theater
The Imagination Machine
Phoenix Theatre
Pagosa Springs Center for the Arts
Downey Civic Theatre
Netflix
CollegeHumor
Los Angeles Opera
Long Beach Opera
Opera Pacific
Culture Project (NY)
KCRA/KQCA TV
Briggs Opera House
Missoula Children’s Theatre
Theophany Films
Opportunities for Theatre Majors

The Theatre department wants to provide a myriad of opportunities for our students to gain experience in the performing arts. Our University, Theatre Department, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice the performing arts outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Theatre major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, or double major. Expand your worldview by studying abroad, or transition to graduate school.

Musical Theatre Minor
Theatre Minor
Theatre Design and Technical Production Minor
Around the World in a Semester
Theatre Concentration (Liberal Studies)
Graduate Schools Attended
Cal State San Bernardino
Cal State Fullerton - Department of Cinema & Television Arts
Dodge College of Film and Media Arts at Chapman University
National University of Ireland Galway
Northern Illinois University School of Theatre & Dance
NYU - Tisch School of the Arts
NYU - Steinhardt School for Education in the Arts
Regent University
Sarah Lawrence College MFA Theatre Program
Southern Utah University - Utah Shakespeare Festival
University of North Carolina School of the Arts
University of North Carolina School of the Arts (Film Production)
Extracurricular Activities

Theatre offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions with performing arts students from other universities.

Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival
Improv-ceivable
Stage Door 141
ACTS (Acclaiming Christ in Theatre and Service)
Internships

Theatre majors can apply to do a senior project. Concordia enjoys good working relationships with a large number of organizations in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

The Chance Theatre
Actors Theatre of Louisville
La Jolla Playhouse
Disney Corporation
Utah Shakespeare Festival
Scholarships

Scholarships for majors AND non-majors participating in theatre range from $1000 up to half of the price of tuition.

LEARN MORE
Past Productions
The Foolish Proposal
VIDEO
The Fantasticks
VIDEO
A Year with Frog and Toad
VIDEO
Curriculum

Here at Concordia, you will benefit from a diverse set of core courses in a liberal arts context that allow you to pursue your vocation. You can choose to focus your degree in a specialized area of emphasis. Concordia’s Theatre program is supported by ancillary classes as well, such as dance classes and private voice lessons from our Music department.

Acting & Directing Emphasis
Design & Technical Production Emphasis
Film and Digital Video Production Emphasis
THEATRE SAMPLE COURSES
THR 251: Introduction to Theatre
3
This course will provide an overview of the various conventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative contemporary plays. Field trips required.
THR 261: Acting 1
3
As an introduction to basic acting techniques, students will examine ways to construct the interior, physical, and vocal life of a character, learn warm-up procedures, and staging principles, including experiences in scene analysis, performance of monologues, and improvisations. Field trips may be included. Prerequisite: THR 251 or consent of instructor.
THR 311: Introduction to Technical Production
3
Through hands-on experiences, this course will introduce the practical application of theatrical design principles including techniques and practices of technical organization, set construction, lighting preparation, costume construction, makeup application, and sound preparation. Field trips and participation in on-campus production work required. A lab fee of $50 is required for this course. Prerequisite: THR 251 or consent of instructor.
THR 321: Introduction to Theatrical Design
3
As an introduction to the theories and principles of theatrical design, this course will emphasize the holistic and scenographic approach, while exploring set, lighting, costume, makeup, and sound design with director/designer collaboration. Field trips and participation in on-campus production work required. A lab fee of $50 is required. Prerequisite: THR 251 or consent of instructor.
THR 351: Play Direction 1
3
This course will introduce students to the following techniques: play selection and analysis, auditioning, scene design and staging, actor coaching, rehearsal strategies, and production management, including both the principles for proscenium and the open stage. Workshop scenes are presented and evaluated. Prerequisites: THR 251, 261 and 262, or consent of instructor.
THR 390: Practicum: Theatre
2
A practical, hands-on learning experience where students will work on one or more theatre department productions. Earned in one-unit increments.
Meet your Professors

Professors in the Theatre Department are active participants in mentoring students and nurturing individual artistic growth. Our curriculum is developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with hands-on experience.

Lori Siekman
Theatre Chair

Professor Siekmann is the 2015 recipient of the Kennedy Center/American College Theatre Festival's Gold Medallion of Excellence - the highest award the Kennedy Center gives to educators. Three of her productions have been invited to appear at the regional festival of KC/ACTF.

Tony Vezner
Theatre Professor

A recipient of the KC/ACTF Award for Excellence in Education, Professor Vezner collaborated with Prof. Lee from English to lead the 2016 Around-the-World Semester® which took a team of students to 10 countries over 20 weeks - studying and serving in each country. His previous work includes 14 years as a professional stage director in Chicago.

Andrew Sierszyn
Theatre Professor

Professor Sierszyn brings a wealth of experience and education to his work at Concordia. Andrew has served as a technical director for productions at Sunset Playhouse, Illinois Shakespeare Festival, and Illinois State University, as well as being a prolific designer for Wisconsin Lutheran College and Illinois State University. Additionally, his work as a scenic designer and charge artist includes professional summer stock at the Monomoy Theatre in Chatham, Massachusetts.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

THEATRE FACULTY
TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Theatre major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Professor Tony Vezner
Theatre Department
(949) 214-3425
tony.vezner@cui.edu

Behind the Scenes

Take a peek at what goes on behind the scenes.

FOLLOW OUR BLOG
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

