https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/theatre
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theatre Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Contact 
Get Started
Theatre Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Theatre at Concordia

The craft of acting, the art of design, and the nuance of directing are pursuits for students who care deeply about story and recognize the impact theatre, television, and video can have on shaping our world view.

Building on a well-rounded foundation of core courses, you can choose from two areas of specialization to focus your theatre degree:

Acting and Directing
Design and Technical Production
Film and Digital Video Production

Collaborating closely with instructors, Concordia’s Theatre Department is a tight-knit community that will nurture your individual growth in performance or production and allow you to learn by doing. Theatre majors have the opportunity to be a part of five full productions per season. With a legacy for bold, artistic productions, Concordia students are frequently recognized for their work at the Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival, as well as within the community, and gain invaluable experience to pursue graduate school or immediate work in the performing arts.

APPLY NOW

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s School of Arts are pursuing their passion and creating work in a variety of professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Creating Visual Worlds

Hannah Welter '10

Hannah Welter has graced Disneyland park, online TV shows and Concordia University Irvine's theatre productions as a set and costume designer. But until she came to Concordia, she didn’t realize she could create visual worlds for a living.

READ STORY
Alum Voices the Kool-Aid Man

Brock Powell '11

The voice of the Kool Aid Man for Kraft foods and employed by Marvel Comics at Comikazee Conventions.

READ STORY
A Rising Star

Wesley Barnes 15'

Since graduating from Concordia University Irvine, the New York City resident's career has flourished, with appearances in Magic of the Dance in Germany and Taiwan, a production of In the Heights at Theatre Under the Stars in Houston, Texas, the play Choir Boy at the Briggs Opera House in Vermont, and The Scottsboro Boys at Phoenix Theatre in Arizona.

READ STORY
Where our Alumni Are Working

Our theatre graduates are working in the industry. Here are some additional highlights.

Disneyland
Universal Studios
Disney World
Utah Shakespeare Festival
Pfinix Creative Studios
GoButton Productions
Disney HD Channel
Segerstrom Center for the Performing Arts
The Ned Show
Theatricum Botanicum
Two Rivers Theatre
North Coast Repertory Theatre
New Village Arts
San Diego Fringe Festival
Hollywood Fringe Festival
Chance Theater
South Coast Repertory Theater
The Imagination Machine
Phoenix Theatre
Pagosa Springs Center for the Arts
Downey Civic Theatre
Netflix
CollegeHumor
Los Angeles Opera
Long Beach Opera
Opera Pacific
Culture Project (NY)
KCRA/KQCA TV
Briggs Opera House
Missoula Children’s Theatre
Theophany Films
Opportunities for Theatre Majors

The Theatre department wants to provide a myriad of opportunities for our students to gain experience in the performing arts. Our University, Theatre Department, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice the performing arts outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Theatre major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, or double major. Expand your worldview by studying abroad, or transition to graduate school.

Musical Theatre Minor
Theatre Minor
Theatre Design and Technical Production Minor
Around the World in a Semester
Theatre Concentration (Liberal Studies)
Graduate Schools Attended
Cal State San Bernardino
Cal State Fullerton - Department of Cinema & Television Arts
Dodge College of Film and Media Arts at Chapman University
National University of Ireland Galway
Northern Illinois University School of Theatre & Dance
NYU - Tisch School of the Arts
NYU - Steinhardt School for Education in the Arts
Regent University
Sarah Lawrence College MFA Theatre Program
Southern Utah University - Utah Shakespeare Festival
University of North Carolina School of the Arts
University of North Carolina School of the Arts (Film Production)
Extracurricular Activities

Theatre offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions with performing arts students from other universities.

Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival
Improv-ceivable
Stage Door 141
ACTS (Acclaiming Christ in Theatre and Service)
Internships

Theatre majors can apply to do a senior project. Concordia enjoys good working relationships with a large n