a & Television Arts
Dodge College of Film and Media Arts at Chapman University
National University of Ireland Galway
Northern Illinois University School of Theatre & Dance
NYU - Tisch School of the Arts
NYU - Steinhardt School for Education in the Arts
Regent University
Sarah Lawrence College MFA Theatre Program
Southern Utah University - Utah Shakespeare Festival
University of North Carolina School of the Arts
University of North Carolina School of the Arts (Film Production)
Extracurricular Activities

Theatre offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions with performing arts students from other universities.

Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival
Improv-ceivable
Stage Door 141
ACTS (Acclaiming Christ in Theatre and Service)
Internships

Theatre majors can apply to do a senior project. Concordia enjoys good working relationships with a large number of organizations in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

The Chance Theatre
Actors Theatre of Louisville
La Jolla Playhouse
Disney Corporation
Utah Shakespeare Festival
Scholarships

Scholarships for majors AND non-majors participating in theatre range from $1000 up to half of the price of tuition.

LEARN MORE
Past Productions
The Foolish Proposal
VIDEO
The Fantasticks
VIDEO
A Year with Frog and Toad
VIDEO
Curriculum

Here at Concordia, you will benefit from a diverse set of core courses in a liberal arts context that allow you to pursue your vocation. You can choose to focus your degree in a specialized area of emphasis. Concordia’s Theatre program is supported by ancillary classes as well, such as dance classes and private voice lessons from our Music department.

Acting & Directing Emphasis
Design & Technical Production Emphasis
Film and Digital Video Production Emphasis
THEATRE SAMPLE COURSES
THR 251: Introduction to Theatre
3
This course will provide an overview of the various conventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative contemporary plays. Field trips required.
THR 261: Acting 1
3
As an introduction to basic acting techniques, students will examine ways to construct the interior, physical, and vocal life of a character, learn warm-up procedures, and staging principles, including experiences in scene analysis, performance of monologues, and improvisations. Field trips may be included. Prerequisite: THR 251 or consent of instructor.
THR 311: Introduction to Technical Production
3
Through hands-on experiences, this course will introduce the practical application of theatrical design principles including techniques and practices of technical organization, set construction, lighting preparation, costume construction, makeup application, and sound preparation. Field trips and participation in on-campus production work required. A lab fee of $50 is required for this course. Prerequisite: THR 251 or consent of instructor.
THR 321: Introduction to Theatrical Design
3
As an introduction to the theories and principles of theatrical design, this course will emphasize the holistic and scenographic approach, while exploring set, lighting, costume, makeup, and sound design with director/designer collaboration. Field trips and participation in on-campus production work required. A lab fee of $50 is required. Prerequisite: THR 251 or consent of instructor.
THR 351: Play Direction 1
3
This course will introduce students to the following techniques: play selection and analysis, auditioning, scene design and staging, actor coaching, rehearsal strategies, and production management, including both the principles for proscenium and the open stage. Workshop scenes are presented and evaluated. Prerequisites: THR 251, 261 and 262, or consent of instructor.
THR 390: Practicum: Theatre
2
A practical, hands-on learning experience where students will work on one or more theatre department productions. Earned in one-unit increments.
Meet your Professors

Professors in the Theatre Department are active participants in mentoring students and nurturing individual artistic growth. Our curriculum is developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with hands-on experience.

Lori Siekman
Theatre Chair

Professor Siekmann is the 2015 recipient of the Kennedy Center/American College Theatre Festival's Gold Medallion of Excellence - the highest award the Kennedy Center gives to educators. Three of her productions have been invited to appear at the regional festival of KC/ACTF.

Tony Vezner
Theatre Professor

A recipient of the KC/ACTF Award for Excellence in Education, Professor Vezner collaborated with Prof. Lee from English to lead the 2016 Around-the-World Semester® which took a team of stud