https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/financial-aid/teacher-credential/constitution-day
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Financial Aid
Types of Aid
Verification
Access Your Offer
Partnerships
Forms
Staff
Resources
Constitution Day
TEACHER CREDENTIAL FINANCIAL AID
September 17

All institutions receiving federal funding, including funding through the U.S. Department of Education, are required to hold an educational program pertaining to the United States Constitution on September 17 of each year (or in the preceding or following week if the date falls on a Saturday, Sunday or holiday).

The Financial Aid Office welcomes all Faculty, Staff, and Students to review the historic text of the Constitution, to discover how the Constitution relates to more than 300 indexed topics from school prayer to civil rights or to search the text by the Supreme Court Decisions.

Constitution Day Resources

The Interactive Constitution - On this site, constitutional experts interact with each other to explore the Constitution’s history and what it means today.

Constitution Day - Celebrate the Birthday of Our United States of America Government.

Observing Constitution Day - The National Archives and Records Administration celebrates this important day in our nation's history by presenting activities, lesson plans, and information.

EDSITEment! - The United States Constitution is the oldest written national constitution still in operation, and many of the nations that have established themselves in the decades since have turned to this document as a model for their own constitutions.

The U.S. Senate - Written in 1787, ratified in 1788, and in operation since 1789, the United States Constitution is the world's longest surviving written charter of government.

Voter Registration

For information on voter registration, please visit the California Secretary of State Department at RegisterToVote.ca.gov.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

