https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/reformation500/events
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Always Reforming
Who We Are
4 Solas 
Musical Resources
Events
Articles
Reformation 500 Events
A SPECIAL COMMUNITY OF CREATIVITY AND PRAISE

SCROLL

Segerstrom Concert Hall
Reformation 500: An Evening of Word & Song
Wednesday, November 1, 2017
Segerstrom Concert Hall, Costa Mesa, CA

The Renée and Henry Segerstrom Concert Hall resounded with music, song, and spoken word during the once-in-a-lifetime celebration of the 500th anniversary of the Reformation. More than 500 musicians, speakers, and dancers joined the sell-out crowd of over 2,000 participants in what was the largest celebration of the Reformation on the West Coast.

VIEW RECORDING

CU Center
Reformation 500: Campus Celebration
October 31, 2017 | 9:00 am - 1:30 pm

No reservations required. Open to the public.

9:00 am - 10:00 am
Lecture by Dr. Adam Francisco & Dr. Michael Middendorf
“Why It Still Matters: The Theological and Political Legacy of the Protestant Reformation”
Location: CU Center

10:30 am - 11:10 am
Festival Chapel Service including Concordia Choir, organ & brass
Rev. Dr. Steven Mueller, preacher
Location: Outside under the tent

11:30 am - 1:00 pm
Luther's Lunch - $12
Featuring German food, root beer kegs, commemorative Reformation 500 logo stein
Location: Outside under the tent
Visit the Concordia Missions Activities Showcase on the lawn during lunch

1:00 pm - 1:30 pm
Concordia Sinfonietta performs Mendelssohn’s Symphony No. 5 (“Reformation”)
Location: CU Center

Concordia University Irvine celebrated the 500th Anniversary of the Protestant Reformation by hosting a tour of major Luther sites in Germany, with a stop in Salzburg, Austria for Sound of Music lovers.  Concordia University Irvine hosts offered guests and students history and insights on Reformation history along the way.

Dr. Michael Busch (director, The Concordia Choir) and Dr. Jeff Held (director, Concordia Sinfonietta) engaged guests and students in Europe’s rich musical history as they traced the footsteps of beloved composers such as Bach and Mozart. Audiences enjoyed performances by Concordia’s premier vocal and instrumental ensembles in some of Europe’s most historic and majestic churches and music venues, including the Castle Church in Wittenberg and the Berlin Cathedral (Berliner Dom).

VIEW TOUR PHOTOS
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

