https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/theatre
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theatre Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Theatre Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

This is one option for a minor in our Theatre Major. Other options to consider are linked here.

MUSICAL THEATRE
THEATRE DESIGN AND TECHNICAL PRODUCTION
Curriculum
THEATRE MINOR
19 Units
THR 251: Introduction to Theatre
3

This course will provide an overview of the various conventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

THR 261: Acting I
3

As an introduction to basic acting techniques, this course will examine ways to construct the interior, physical, and vocal life of a character, teach warm-up procedures and staging principles including scene analysis, performance of monologues, and improvisations. There may be an additional charge for field trips.


THR 262: Acting II
4

This course is an advanced approach to acting techniques used in material from contemporary realism and the modern drama era such as Chekhov and Ibsen. It will include an in-depth study of scene and character analysis; performance of monologues, improvisations, and scenes; exercises based on the Meisner technique and other acting approaches. There may be an additional charge for field trips. Lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: THR 261 or consent of instructor.


THR 341: Advanced Script Analysis
3

As an advanced study of selected plays from the standpoint of the theatre artist (actor, director, designer), this course will look at the process of translating a dramatic text to theatrical production. An emphasis will be placed upon the techniques of perception, imagination, and integration used in developing a concept and determining specific performance and design choices with the application of analysis through projects and presentations. Offered alternate years.


THR 351: Play Direction I
3

This course will introduce students to the following techniques: play selection and analysis, auditioning, scene design and staging, actor coaching, rehearsal strategies, and production management. Both the principles for proscenium and the open stage will be discussed along with the presentation and evaluation of workshop scenes. Prerequisites: THR 251 and THR 261 and THR 262 and THR 341 or consent of instructor.

Choose one of the following courses:
THR 441: Theatre and Culture I
3

Through the study of representative plays, this course will examine the various theatre cultures from the Classical period through the Renaissance, giving consideration to the theatrical conventions, visual art, music, and significant historical events of the periods. There may be an additional charge for required field trips. Prerequisite: THR 251 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


THR 442: Theatre and Culture II
3

As a continuation of THR 441, this course will examine theatre cultures from the Renaissance to the present day. There may be an additional charge for required field trips. Prerequisite: THR 251 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Conn