 that the videotape was unlawfully made.

(American Library Association (ALA), Video and Copyright – ALA Library Fact Sheet Number 7, 2002)

Recent Changes Regarding Videos

Section 1201 of the Copyright Law requires that every 3 years, the Librarian of Congress determines whether any new types of works should become exempt from statutes prohibiting circumvention of technology that prohibits access to encrypted information. In July 2010, the Librarian of Congress added the following exception to the above statute:

Motion pictures on DVDs that are lawfully made and acquired and that are protected by the Content Scrambling System when circumvention is accomplished solely in order to accomplish the incorporation of short portions of motion pictures into new works for the purpose of criticism or comment, and where the person engaging in circumvention believes and has reasonable grounds for believing that circumvention is necessary to fulfill the purpose of the use in the following instances:

Educational uses by college and university professors and by college and university film and media studies students.
Documentary film making
Noncommercial videos

(U.S. Copyright Office, Statement of the Librarian of Congress Relating to Section 1201 Rulemaking, 2010)

10. Copyright guidelines for distance learning

In 2002, the Technology, Education and Copyright Harmonization (TEACH) Act became law and expanded the latitude universities, including CUI, have for the performance and display of copyright-protected materials in a distance education environment, including through the use of Course Management Systems (CMS). The copyright requirements for TEACH and CMS postings are similar to those of classroom handouts, but extend the traditional rules for those handouts to the digital transmission of materials to distance education students. The text of TEACH Act can be found in its entirety at United States Copyright Office web site: U.S. Copyright Office, TEACH Act (U.S. Senate), 2001.

Below is a list of the primary requirements:

The teaching must occur at an accredited, nonprofit educational institution.
Access must be limited to students currently enrolled in the class and for the time period necessary to complete the class session.
Only lawfully made and acquired copies may be used.
The use of the copyrighted resources must be within the confines of “mediated instructional activities” integral to the course and under the direction of the course instructor.
Use is limited to entire performances of non-dramatic literary and musical work such as poetry or short story reading. Only “reasonable and limited” portions of dramatic literary and musical works (including audiovisual works) must be used unless the entire work is essential to the course.
The institution must have a copyright policy and Students must be informed that course content may be protected by copyright law and include a copyright notice on the online material whenever possible.
The TEACH doesn’t extend to electronic reserves, Interlibrary loan (ILL), course packs, textbooks and conversion of materials from analog to digital formats (except when digital format of the work is unavailable or protected by technological measures), materials specifically marketed for online uses and similar materials typically purchased individually by the students.
Finally, appropriate technological protection measures must be used to reasonably limit unauthorized storage and distribution of the copyrighted materials. This may include password protection, content timeout, disabling print and cut-and-paste functions, and IP address authentication, etc.
11. Copyright guidelines for the Library Reserve collection

The copying of material to be placed on reserve is subject to the same rules and guidelines of U.S. Copyright Law, especially those concerning “fair use”. Therefore, faculty should exercise judgment in photocopying only enough material deemed necessary for the instructional purpose of the course. The course instructor is liable for any infringement of copyright law committed as a result of photocopying copyrighted works, if the amount photocopied is deemed to be excessive.

Books

Books owned by the library or personal copies may be placed in the Reserves collection upon the request of the instructor.
During the semester a total of two chapters or 20% of any one work owned by the CU Library may be made available as long as only one chapter or 10% of an item is available at one time.
The Library will not accept photocopies of entire books unless they are in the public domain or the faculty member has obtained permission to copy.
Books borrowed from another library or via an interlibrary loan request will not be placed on reserve.

Journal Articles

One article per issue of a journal can be copied, or more than one, if on the same specific topic, except articles accessed from electronic journal databases.
All copies must include a notice of copyright "The copyright law of 