https://www.cui.edu/library/index/id/20995
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Schroeder Library
About Us
Research Tools
Services
Digital Repository
Contact Us
My Library Account
Copyright Guidelines
Library
 
Concordia University Copyright Guidelines
1. Purpose

The Concordia University is committed to upholding the principles of intellectual property as embodied in U.S. copyright law, and of protecting the rights and interests of its faculty, students and staff in making appropriate and limited use of copyrighted works for legitimate educational purposes. The purpose of the Concordia University Copyright compliance guidelines is to provide practical advice on the use of copyright-protected works by educators and librarians; however, it is not a substitute for legal advice, and proper legal advice should be obtained when necessary.

2. What is copyright?

According to the U.S. Copyright Office, copyright is a form of protection “grounded in the U.S. Constitution and granted by law for original works of authorship fixed in a tangible medium of expression. Copyright covers both published and unpublished works” (U.S. Copyright Office, Copyright in General).

3. What works are protected?

Copyright protects “original works of authorship” that are fixed in a tangible form of expression. (U.S. Copyright Office, Copyright in General). The fixation need not be directly perceptible so long as it may be communicated with the “aid of a machine or device” (U.S. Copyright Office, Copyright in General). Copyrightable works include the following categories:

Literary works
Musical works, including any accompanying works
Dramatic works, including any accompanying music
Pantomimes and choreographic works
Pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works
Motion pictures and other audiovisual works
Sound recordings
Architectural works

These categories should be viewed broadly. For example, computer programs and most “compilations” may be registered as “literary works”; maps and architectural plans may be registered as “pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works.” (U.S. Copyright Office, Copyright Basics (Circular 1), 2017, p. 1)

4. How long does a copyright last?
For works originally created after January 1, 1978, copyright protection lasts for the life of the author plus an additional 70 years.
For works created but not published or registered before January 1, 1978, copyright lasts for the life of the author plus 70 years, but it will not expire earlier than December 31, 2002. If the work is published before December 31, 2002, copyright will not expire before December 31, 2047.
For pre-1978 works still in their original or renewal term of copyright, copyright is extended to 95 years from the date that copyright was originally secured (American Library Association (ALA), Duration of Copyright Protection).
All works published before 1923 and all works published from 1923 through 1963 for which no renewal was filed are in public domain (U.S. Copyright Office, Duration of Copyright, 2011, p. 2).
5. What is not protected by copyright?

Several categories of material are generally not eligible for federal copyright protection. These include among others:

Works that have not been fixed in a tangible form of expression (for example, choreographic works that have not been notated or recorded, or improvisational speeches or performances that have not been written or recorded).
Titles, names, short phrases, and slogans; familiar symbols or designs; mere variations of typographic ornamentation, lettering, or coloring; mere listings of ingredients or contents.
Ideas, procedures, methods, systems, processes, concepts, principles, discoveries, or devices, as distinguished from a description, explanation, or illustration.
Works consisting entirely of information that is common property and containing no original authorship (for example: standard calendars, height and weight charts, tape measures and rulers, and lists or tables taken from public documents or other common sources). (U.S. Copyright Office, Copyright Basics (Circular 1), 2017, p.2)
6. What is “fair use“?

Under the “fair use” provision (17 U.S. Code § 107 - Limitations on exclusive rights: Fair use), a reproduction of someone else's copyright-protected work is likely to be considered fair if it is used for one of the following purposes: criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship and research. If the reproduction is for one of these purposes, a determination as to whether the reproduction is “fair use” must be made based upon four factors:

a. The purpose and character of use (Transformative Factor). The main point of this factor is whether the material has been used to help create something new, or copied verbatim into another work and whether the use is of commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes. Any use that is transformative is likely to be seen as fair use, that extends the purp