ourse. The course instructor is liable for any infringement of copyright law committed as a result of photocopying copyrighted works, if the amount photocopied is deemed to be excessive.

Books

Books owned by the library or personal copies may be placed in the Reserves collection upon the request of the instructor.
During the semester a total of two chapters or 20% of any one work owned by the CU Library may be made available as long as only one chapter or 10% of an item is available at one time.
The Library will not accept photocopies of entire books unless they are in the public domain or the faculty member has obtained permission to copy.
Books borrowed from another library or via an interlibrary loan request will not be placed on reserve.

Journal Articles

One article per issue of a journal can be copied, or more than one, if on the same specific topic, except articles accessed from electronic journal databases.
All copies must include a notice of copyright "The copyright law of the United States (Title 17, United States Code) governs the making of photocopies or other reproductions of copyrighted materials. Users may be liable for copyright infringement.” and a full bibliographic reference -- author, title, journal title or book publisher, and date (U.S. Copyright Office, Warnings of copyright for use by certain libraries and archives, 2017.)
(a) Definitions
The number of photocopied items reserved for any one course will be limited by “fair use” standards. Only one copy of photocopied material is allowed for every 15 students enrolled in a class.
The Library will not retain copied materials longer than one semester.
The copied material will not be used for more than one course.

Videos, DVDs and Sound Recordings

All audiovisual Items placed on Reserve must either be owned by the Library or be purchased or legally reproduced personal copies. The library will not accept home-recorded, “off-air” tapes of broadcast programs or burned DVDs without adequate copyright permissions.
Videos, DVDs and sound recordings produced by the instructor or Concordia University may be placed on reserve. Audiovisual works produced by students will need written permission from the students.

Homework, Course Notes, and Course packs

Homework must have written permission from the student author.
Photocopies from consumable works such as workbooks, exercises, standardized tests, test booklets and answer sheets will not be placed on reserve.
Course packets will not be accepted without necessary permission.

Additional items that do not require copyright permission include:

A short story, essay or short poem.
A chart, graph, diagram, drawing, cartoon or picture from a book, periodical or newspaper.

The CUI library will remove all items from its reserves list after the end of the semester. Faculty members who would like to keep their material for more than one semester must notify the library of their special instructional needs.

12. Copyright guidelines for Interlibrary loan (ILL)

The CUI library will meet Inter-Library Loan requests without obtaining permission from copyright owners, following the guidelines set forth in 17 U.S. Code § 108 - Limitations on exclusive rights: Reproduction by libraries and archives, provided that the "aggregate quantities" of articles or items received by the patron do not substitute for a periodical subscription or purchase of a work. The Library follows the National Commission on New Technological Uses of Copyrighted Works (CONTU) guidelines for defining "aggregate quantities." The CONTU guidelines permit a library to receive in a calendar year five articles from the most recent five years of a specific journal or periodical. CONTU does not give any guidance to libraries for copying material older than five years. For more information visit Coalition for Networked Information (CNI).

13. Copyright and foreign works

The U.S. is a member of the leading international copyright treaty, the Berne Convention. As such, when CUI uses a copyright-protected work from another country, the protections provided to works by U.S. copyright law automatically apply to the use of that work as well (assuming the use takes place in the U.S.). The Copyright Clearance Center has many reciprocal licenses to allow use of materials from other countries. A summary of the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works is available through The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO).

14. How to obtain copyright permission

Permission to use copyright-protected materials, when required, should be obtained prior to using those materials. It is best to obtain permission in writing (including e-mail). Once you have identified the materials you want to use and determined that copyright permission is required, you must locate the copyright holder. If the copyright holder is not listed on the work, locating the appropriate person or entity to grant permission may take some investigative and c