2014, p. 6-7)

8. Guidelines for educational uses of music

The purpose of the following guidelines is to state the minimum and not the maximum standards of educational fair use under Section 107 of H.R. 2223. The parties agree that the conditions determining the extent of permissible copying for educational purposes may change in the future; that certain types of copying permitted under these guidelines may not be permissible in the future, and conversely that in the future other types of copying not permitted under these guidelines may be permissible under revised guidelines.

Moreover, the following statement of guidelines is not intended to limit the types of copying permitted under the standards of fair use under judicial decision and which are stated in Section 107 of the Copyright Revision Bill. There may be instances in which copying which does not fall within the guidelines stated below may nonetheless be permitted under the criteria of fair use.

A. Permissible Uses

Emergency copying to replace purchased copies which for any reason are not available for an imminent performance provided purchased replacement copies shall be substituted in due course.
(a) For academic purposes other than performance, multiple copies of excerpts of works may be made, provided that the excerpts do not comprise a part of the whole which would constitute a performable unit such as a section, movement or aria, but in no case more than 10% of the whole work. The number of copies shall not exceed one copy per pupil.
(b) For academic purposes other than performance, a single copy of an entire performable unit (section, movement, aria, etc.) that is, (1) confirmed by the copyright proprietor to be out of print or (2) unavailable except in a larger work, may be made by or for a teacher solely for the purpose of his or her scholarly research or in preparation to teach a class.
Printed copies which have been purchased may be edited or simplified provided that the fundamental character of the work is not distorted or the lyrics, if any, altered or lyrics added if none exist.
A single copy of recordings of performances by students may be made for evaluation or rehearsal purposes and may be retained by the educational institution or individual teacher.
A single copy of a sound recording (such as a tape, disc, or cassette) of copyrighted music may be made from sound recordings owned by an educational institution or an individual teacher for the purpose of constructing aural exercises or examinations and may be retained by the educational institution or individual teacher. (This pertains only to the copyright of the music itself and not to any copyright which may exist in the sound recording.)

B. Prohibitions

Copying to create or replace or substitute for anthologies, compilations or collective works.
Copying of or from works intended to be "consumable" in the course of study or of teaching such as workbooks, exercises, standardized tests and answer sheets and like material.
Copying for the purpose of performance, except as in A(1) above.
Copying for the purpose of substituting for the purchase of music, except as in A(1) and A(2) above.
Copying without inclusion of the copyright notice which appears on the printed copy. (U.S. Copyright Office, Reproduction of Copyrighted Works by Educators and Librarians Basics (circular 21), 2014, p. 7-8)
9. Guidelines for classroom use of videos

Classroom use of a copyrighted video is permissible only when all of the following conditions are met:

The performance must be by instructors or by pupils.
The performance is in connection with face-to-face teaching activities.
The entire audience is involved in the teaching activity.
The entire audience is in the same room or same general area.
The teaching activities are conducted by a non-profit education institution.
The performance takes place in a classroom or similar place devoted to instruction.
The person responsible for the performance has no reason to believe that the videotape was unlawfully made.

(American Library Association (ALA), Video and Copyright – ALA Library Fact Sheet Number 7, 2002)

Recent Changes Regarding Videos

Section 1201 of the Copyright Law requires that every 3 years, the Librarian of Congress determines whether any new types of works should become exempt from statutes prohibiting circumvention of technology that prohibits access to encrypted information. In July 2010, the Librarian of Congress added the following exception to the above statute:

Motion pictures on DVDs that are lawfully made and acquired and that are protected by the Content Scrambling System when circumvention is accomplished solely in order to accomplish the incorporation of short portions of motion pictures into new works for the purpose of criticism or comment, and where the person engaging in circumvention believes and has reasonable grounds for believing that circumvention is necessary to fulfill the purpose of the use in the following instanc