d rulers, and lists or tables taken from public documents or other common sources). (U.S. Copyright Office, Copyright Basics (Circular 1), 2017, p.2)
6. What is “fair use“?

Under the “fair use” provision (17 U.S. Code § 107 - Limitations on exclusive rights: Fair use), a reproduction of someone else's copyright-protected work is likely to be considered fair if it is used for one of the following purposes: criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship and research. If the reproduction is for one of these purposes, a determination as to whether the reproduction is “fair use” must be made based upon four factors:

a. The purpose and character of use (Transformative Factor). The main point of this factor is whether the material has been used to help create something new, or copied verbatim into another work and whether the use is of commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes. Any use that is transformative is likely to be seen as fair use, that extends the purpose or changes the character, but this does not “substitute for the original use of the work.”
b. The nature of the copyright-protected work. The use of published works dealing with facts, news, or reports can be allowed under provisions of “fair use” more readily than works of a creative or imaginative nature (such as poems, novels, movies, songs, or visual art).
c. The amount and substantiality of the portion used. Generally, the larger the portion of the copyrighted material that is taken and used, the lower the likelihood that the use will constitute a “fair use.” However, even if you take a small portion of a work, your copying will not be a fair use if the portion taken is an essential part of the work or the “heart of the work.”
d. The Effect of the Use Upon the Potential Market. “Fair use” is more difficult to establish if your use deprives the copyright owner of income or takes away from a new or future market for the copyrighted work. This is true even if your use of the work is not directly competing with his own use of his work; your use may be different but still diminish interest in the copyright owner’s original use of the work. In general, ask yourself: Could my use of this copyrighted work potentially affect the sales of this work? If so, it’s likely not a “fair use.”

(U.S. Copyright Office, More Information on Fair Use, 2017)

“Fair use” is an ambiguous concept and the law does not contain any rigid or clearly defined criteria that could be applied to every situation. The above guidelines and analysis of the four factors of “fair use” are for the sole purpose of assisting the CUI community in making the right decision, but do not in any way substitute for professional legal advice. When in doubt about whether your intended use of a copyrighted work is permissible under the provisions of “fair use”, please seek the permission of the copyright owner of the work.

7. Guidelines for classroom copying
Agreement On Guidelines For Classroom Copying In Not-For-Profit Educational Institutions With Respect To Books And Periodicals

The purpose of the following guidelines is to state the minimum and not the maximum standards of educational fair use under Section 107 of H.R. 2223. The parties agree that the conditions determining the extent of permissible copying for educational purposes may change in the future; that certain types of copying permitted under these guidelines may not be permissible in the future; and conversely that in the future other types of copying not permitted under these guidelines may be permissible under revised guidelines. Moreover, the following statement of guidelines is not intended to limit the types of copying permitted under the standards of fair use under judicial decision and which are stated in Section 107 of the Copyright Revision Bill. There may be instances in which copying which does not fall within the guidelines stated below may nonetheless be permitted under the criteria of fair use.

Guidelines
I. Single Copying for Teachers
A single copy may be made of any of the following by or for a teacher at his or her individual request for his or her scholarly research or use in teaching or preparation to teach a class:

A chapter from a book;
An article from a periodical or newspaper;
A short story, short essay or short poem, whether or not from a collective work;
A chart, graph, diagram, drawing, cartoon or picture from a book, periodical, or newspaper;

II. Multiple Copies for Classroom Use
Multiple copies (not to exceed in any event more than one copy per pupil in a course) may be made by or for the teacher giving the course for classroom use or discussion; provided that:

The copying meets the tests of brevity and spontaneity as defined below; and
Meets the cumulative effect test as defined below; and,
Each copy includes a notice of copyright.

Definitions:

Brevity
(i) Poetry
A complete poem if less than 250 words and if printed on not more than two pages or, from a longer poem, an