 such, when CUI uses a copyright-protected work from another country, the protections provided to works by U.S. copyright law automatically apply to the use of that work as well (assuming the use takes place in the U.S.). The Copyright Clearance Center has many reciprocal licenses to allow use of materials from other countries. A summary of the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works is available through The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO).

14. How to obtain copyright permission

Permission to use copyright-protected materials, when required, should be obtained prior to using those materials. It is best to obtain permission in writing (including e-mail). Once you have identified the materials you want to use and determined that copyright permission is required, you must locate the copyright holder. If the copyright holder is not listed on the work, locating the appropriate person or entity to grant permission may take some investigative and creative work. The Copyright Office of the Library of Congress may be of assistance in locating a copyright owner if the work is registered. Note, however, that copyright is automatically granted to all works upon their being written down and that registration with the Copyright Office is not required. There are two primary options for obtaining permission to use the work. You may contact the copyright holder directly or you may contact the Copyright Clearance Center. Check with your department manager to determine if Concordia University already has an established process for obtaining copyright permission through the Copyright Clearance Center. If your department or campus does not have a centralized location or process for obtaining copyright permission, you may create an account with the Copyright Clearance Center at www.copyright.com. `The copyright holder or its agent will require the following information in order to provide you with permission:

Title of the material
Creator/author of the material
Publisher of the material
Description of material
ISBN or ISSN, if applicable
Date of publication, if applicable
Purpose for which you wish to reproduce the item (research, commercial, educational, etc.)
How the material is to be reproduced (e.g., photocopied, digitized)
Where the reproduced material will be used or will appear and for how long
Bibliography
Ashley, C. L. (2004). The TEACH Act: Higher education challenged for compliance. Retrieved June 15, 2010 from EDUCAUSE: https://library.educause.edu/~/media/files/library/2004/6/erb0413-pdf.pdf
Bruwelheide, J. H. (1995). The copyright primer for librarians and educators. Chicago: American Library Association.
CONTU (National Commission on New Technological Uses of Copyright Works). (2002). Retrieved June 15, 2010 from Coalition for Networked Information (CNI).
Copyright. (2010). Retrieved June 15, 2010 from American Library Association (ALA): http://www.ala.org/ala/issuesadvocacy/copyright/index.cfm.
Copyright. (2010). Retrieved June 15, 2010 from U.S. Copyright Office.
Copyright and fair use. (2010). Retrieved June 15, 2010 from Stanford University Libraries and Academic Information Resources, Justia, NOLO, LibraryLaw.com & Onecle. Hug the Pug!, Stanford University Libraries: http://fairuse.stanford.edu/index.html.
Copyright Central. (2010). Retrieved June 15, 2010 from Copyright Clearance Center: http://www.copyright.com/learn/about-copyright/ .
Crews, K. D. (1993). Copyright, fair use the challenge for universities. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press.
Russell, C. (Ed.). (2004). Complete copyright: An everyday guide for librarians. Chicago: American Library Association (ALA).
Yu, P. K. (Ed.). (2007). Intellectual property and information wealth: issues and Practices in digital age. (Vol. Volume 1: Copyright and related rights). Westport, CT06881: Praeger publishers.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

