platforms. Nonetheless, there are two main points to remember when training:

Have a social media policy in place to base training off of
Training is never-ending - have a system in place to communicate updates, changes or relevant-articles, blogs or videos to promote growth.
Executive Champion

Just as you should recruit a team to help move the institution's social media efforts along, you should also recruit an executive champion to support your cause from above.

This person could be your boss or your boss' boss. No matter whom this executive is, they should understand, respect, and promote social media efforts. Having at least one person on the executive level that understands the value social media can bring to an organization equates to less intimidating and frustrating conversations needed to express why your job is essential.

Goals & Objectives

Set goals and objectives that fit your school's needs and realities. I'm sure I'll take some heat on this one, but I'm going to put it out there anyway: “It's okay to set a goal of having a certain number of likes on a page or retweets per month when beginning any social media campaign. “ I have read numerous blog posts and articles that demean these goals as being irrelevant and unimportant but I disagree. In the early stages of a campaign or strategy, it's acceptable to have a metric like this to look towards because, the truth is, unless you offer engaging, authentic, and relevant content, you won't generate likes or retweets anyway.

As your social media strategy grows, your goals and objectives will change along with it. Other goals to consider: brand recognition, program recognition, topic engagement, and even something as simple as delivering relevant and quality content. Whatever goals and objectives are set, be sure they are monitored and measurable.

You Need to Listen

Social media platforms have commonly and inappropriately been used as bulletin boards or soap boxes. Sure, it's a place to share your institution’s stories, news, and views but, more importantly, it’s an opportunity to listen to your audience.

Social media allows schools and businesses alike to host customer service centers, run polls, and facilitate impromptu focus groups for little to no cost! But, in order for it to be effective, you must listen to and validate your audience. It's easy to push an agenda onto people but it takes finesse to have your audience willingly adopt that agenda as their own.

Listening and validating customer thoughts is the finesse that is lacking in many social media strategies. Meet your audience where they are and be willing to promote their successes, apologize for your mistakes, and sometimes, let comments sit and just walk away. We all want to be heard but, if we're all talking at the same time, who is going to listen?

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

