tand that the logo/image provided will ONLY be allowed on your social media presence.

 

For logos and the CU Style Guide please visit www.cui.edu/marketing

 

For information on Facebook Cover Photos please click here
 

 

What should I name my group or how should I identify our CUI-related presence?

 

When naming your Group or Fan Page , please follow the naming scheme provided below.  Do not name your page in such a way that it will be misleading, confused with the general CUI page or with any other CUI unit.

 

Add the institution’s name “Concordia University Irvine” before your unit’s name, i.e. “Concordia University Irvine – Undergraduate Admissions,” not “Undergraduate Admissions at Concordia University Irvine” nor “Undergraduate Admissions – Concordia University Irvine”.  Please include an emdash between the institution’s name and the unit name.

 

Correct usage:

 

Concordia University Irvine – Undergraduate Admissions
Concordia University Irvine – First Year Experience
Concordia University Irvine – MBA

 

 

 

Units with the name Concordia or Concordia University in their title are exempt from this guideline.  For example, the Associated Students of Concordia University Irvine (ASCUI) do not need to label itself “Concordia University Irvine – Associated Students of Concordia University Irvine.”  In this example, the group name “Associated Students of Concordia University Irvine (ASCUI)” suffices.
 

 

 

How do I attain a unique Facebook URL?

 

Facebook offers unique Usernames (URL’s) to Facebook pages with 25 or more Likes.  As soon as you have the required amount of likes, follow these steps:

 

Login into Facebook using your Admin Account information
 
Go to: www.facebook.com/username
Select your page to have the Username
 
Type in the desired Username using the provided format:
ConcordiaIrvine(Enter Your Page Name Here)
Examples: ConcordiaIrvineMBA, ConcordiaIrvineCUA, ConcordiaIrvineChristCollege, ConcordiaIrvineFYE

Usernames should follow the naming scheme shown.  Following this naming scheme maintains CUI’s social media brand.  For any problems or questions please contact Concordia University’s Marketing Department.
 

 

Terms and Conditions

 

If you'd like to take your CUI unit into the realm of social media, the CUI Marketing Department asks that you follow the terms of service and conditions of your chosen platform, such as Facebook, Twitter , Vimeo or YouTube.

 

For example, do not create a Facebook profile for your organization because those are for use by individuals. Rather you should create a page or group.
 

 

Comments Guidelines

 

Please follow our comments guidelines.

 

Additional resources

Know your Social Media Etiquette

 

WHAT IS TWITTER?

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

