https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/social-media/what-is-facebook
Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
SOCIAL MEDIA
Accounts
Contests
Guidelines
CONTACT US
What is Facebook?

 

Facebook is the largest social network in the world with more than 800 million users. People use Facebook to connect with friends and colleagues, share news, information, photos, video, and more with people and organizations.
 

 

Why should I use Facebook?

Facebook offers an ideal opportunity to showcase your CUI department, program or unit and build recognition, while encouraging participation and networking. CUI encourages the use of Facebook to connect with prospective and current students, staff, faculty, alumni, and friends of the University as well as other supporting organizations.

For many CUI departments and units, a Facebook page is the flagship of their social media presence. Facebook provides the platform to send information, receive feedback and encourage interaction among your fans.
 

 

Should I create a Facebook Group or Facebook Page?

 

Ultimately, you can decide that for yourself. Listed below are some explanations of what they are and how they work.
 

 

Characteristics of Groups
Groups allow the admin or another officer to send messages directly to Facebook inboxes, whereas messages from Fan Pages are delivered to Facebook fans’ Updates screen. Messages from Groups are thus more difficult to ignore.
On the down side, only admins or officers of Groups under 5,000 members can send message blasts directly to inboxes.
Currently Groups cannot be cross-promoted on Fan Pages nor can they be converted into Fan Pages.
Groups also allow “bulk invites” of the admin’s or an officer’s friends list.
If the admin or an officer of a Group posts to a discussion on the Group’s wall, the post originates from the user. For example, when Veronica Fleager, admin of the Concordia University Irvine Admissions Group (fictitious), posts to the Group’s wall, Veronica is clearly identifiable to other users.
Groups offer far more control over who gets to participate. Permissions settings make it possible for group admins to restrict access to a Group, so that new members have to be approved.
Updates to Group walls do not show up in individual users’ News Feeds.
 

 

Characteristics of Pages
Fan Pages allow distinct URLs, whereas Groups do not. For example, the CUI’s official Fan Page is located at http://www.facebook.com/ConcordiaIrvine.
Fan Pages allow the addition of extra applications, and allow the administrator to access visitor statistics.
Fan Pages can be cross-promoted on other Fan Pages.
Fan Page updates show up in users’ news feed on the user’s “Home” screen.
Admins of Fan Pages can create invitations and events.
If the admin of a Fan Page posts to a discussion on the Page’s wall, the post originates from the Page itself. For example, when Veronica Fleager, admin of the Concordia University Irvine Page, posts to the Page’s wall, it appears that the Page itself is communicating with Fans.
Fan Pages are indexed by external search engines such as Google, just like a public profile, while Groups are not.
Access to a Fan Page can only be restricted by the admin by certain ages and locations.
 

 

 

Can I use Concordia University Irvine’s logos?

 

We want your Concordia University Irvine social media presence to use a photo that accurately depicts your department or an approved CUI logo. For that reason we offer you the approved CUI logos for your university-related social media pages. Concordia University Brand Standards call for either one of these logos to be used, or preferably a photo telling the story of your department, such as students who are clearly overseas for Study Abroad Programs, or even something as simple as a campus building OR a departmental sign.  If you would like a specific logo created to for your social media presence we ask that you work with the CUI Marketing Department and understand that the logo/image provided will ONLY be allowed on your social media presence.

 

For logos and the CU Style Guide please visit www.cui.edu/marketing

 

For information on Facebook Cover Photos please click here
 

 

What should I name my group or how should I identify our CUI-related presence?

 

When naming your Group or Fan Page , please follow the naming scheme provided below.  Do not name your page in such a way that it will be misleading, confused with the general CUI page or with any other CUI unit.

 

Add the institution’s name “Concordia University Irvine” before your unit’s name, i.e. “Concordia University Irvine – Undergraduate Admissions,” not “Undergraduate Admissions at Concordia University Irvine” nor “Undergraduate Admissions – Concordia University Irvine”.  Please include an emdash between the institution’s name and the unit name.

 

Correct usage:

 

Concordia University Irvine – Undergraduate Admissions
Concordia University Irvine – First Year Experience
Concordia University Irvine – MBA

 

 

 

Units with the name Concordia or Concordia University in their title are exempt from this guideline.  For example, the Associated Students of Concordia University Irvine (ASCUI) do not need to label itself “Concordia University Irvine – Associated Students of Concordia University Irvine.”  In this example, the group name “Associated Students of Concordia University Irvine (ASCUI)” suffices.
 

 

 

How do I attain a unique Facebook URL?

 

Facebook offers unique Usernames (URL’s) to Facebook pages with 25 or more Likes.  As soon as you have the required amount of likes, follow these steps:

 

Login into Facebook using your Admin Account information
 
Go to: www.facebook.com/username
Select your page to have the Username
 
Type in the desired Username using the provided format:
ConcordiaIrvine(Enter Your Page Name Here)
Examples: ConcordiaIrvineMBA, ConcordiaIrvineCUA, ConcordiaIrvineChristCollege, ConcordiaIrvineFYE

Usernames should follow the naming scheme shown.  Following this naming scheme maintains CUI’s social media brand.  For any problems or questions please contact Concordia University’s Marketing Department.
 

 

Terms and Conditions

 

If you'd like to take your CUI unit into the realm of social media, the CUI Marketing Department asks that you follow the terms of service and conditions of your chosen platform, such as Facebook, Twitter , Vimeo or YouTube.

 

For example, do not create a Facebook profile for your organization because those are for use by individuals. Rather you should create a page or group.
 

 

Comments Guidelines

 

Please follow our comments guidelines.

 

Additional resources

Know your Social Media Etiquette

 

WHAT IS TWITTER?

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

