https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/social-media/what-is-twitter
Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
SOCIAL MEDIA
Accounts
Contests
Guidelines
CONTACT US
What is Twitter?

Twitter is a micro-blogging service that allows users to post short messages that show up in the Twitter feeds of the people who choose to follow your account. Twitter offers instantly updated information for just about anything you can imagine.

 

Here's the catch: Twitter allows only 140 characters per post, called a tweet, so tap into your creative side to make your message fit.
 

 

 

What can Twitter do for me?

Twitter is an effective tool for CUI organizations and departments that need to share frequent content about meetings, events, news, and even emergency information.  Twitter is a free tool that allows for lead generation, customer relationship management, public relations, reputation management, knowledge management and engaging conversations with people all around the globe.
 

 

What about Twitter?

 

You can apply many of the same guidelines that apply to Facebook to Twitter.  When creating a twitter account for a school or CUI unit we ask that you work with Concordia University’s I.T. department on developing a general e-mail inbox to link to the account.  Examples of general e-mail inboxes are: admissions@cui.edu, mbagrad@cui.edu, adultstudies@cui.edu.  These general e-mail inboxes can have multiple people in the department or CUI unit access them and therefore are longer lasting than individual e-mails. We recommend contacting the CUI Marketing Department to create a custom Twitter background and picture for your page.  Name your presence with “Concordia” coming first in the title, like “ConcordiaMBA” or “ConcordiaMCAA”.
 

 

How do I use Twitter?

 

When creating a twitter account for a school or CUI unit we ask that you work with Concordia University’s I.T. department on developing a general e-mail inbox to link to the account.  Examples of general e-mail inboxes are: admissions@cui.edu, mbagrad@cui.edu, adultstudies@cui.edu.  These general e-mail inboxes can have multiple people in the department or CUI unit access them and therefore are longer lasting than individual e-mails.

 

Once a general e-mail inbox is created and set up in Outlook you can begin to create a Twitter account by going to: https://twitter.com/signup
 

 

Optimize your account for Twitter searches

 

Note that a username and a name are two separate items. For example, ConcordiaIrvine is the username and Concordia University is the name. Usernames are character-limited.

A carefully selected name is the most crucial part of being found in searches. This is because most users will not search for you by your exact username and will add spaces that do not match your username. For example, a search for "CUI Eagles" does not find the username cuieagles.

 

Make sure the name includes words you believe will be used when searching for the profile; CUI, Concordia University, etc.

 

We suggest that you name your Account with “Concordia” coming first in the title, such as “ConcordiaMBA” or “ConcordiaMCAA”.  We have taken note of what the other Concordias in our system are using for their Twitter usernames to better equip you in choosing your username.

 

Concordia University, Irvine: ConcordiaIrvine
 
Concordia University, Portland: CU_Portland
 
Concordia College, New York: ConcordiaNY
 
Concordia University, St. Paul: ConcordiaStPaul
 
Concordia University, Wisconsin: CUWisconsin
 
Concordia College, Minnesota: Concordia_MN
 
Concordia College, Alabama: CCSelma
 
Concordia University, Ann Arbor: CUAA
 
Concordia University, Chicago: CUChicago
 
Concordia University, Nebraska: CUNE
 
Concordia University, Texas: ConcordiaTexas

 

Enter your e-mail address, password, and agree to Twitter’s Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.

 

By doing so, you must not:

 

Impersonate others through the Twitter service
 
Publish or post other people’s private and confidential information
 
Publish or post direct, specific threats of violence against others
 
Use the service for any unlawful purpose or for promotion of illegal activities
 
Create serial accounts for disruptive or abusive purposes
 
Engage in username squatting
 
Use Twitter.com's address book contact import to send repeat, mass invitations
 
Publish or link to malicious content intended to damage or disrupt another user's browser or computer or to compromise a user's privacy
 
Use the Twitter service for the purpose of spamming anyone
 
Use obscene or pornographic images in either your profile picture or user background
 
Customize your profile

 

Use the column on the right side of your account page to upload a profile picture, write a short bio, and set up Twitter on your mobile phone so you can post tweets from anywhere.

 

The one line bio will appear with the username and name in search results. Use this area to note your relationship to Co