https://www.cui.edu/parents-and-families/academic-issues
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Parents & Families

Connection Association 
Resources 
What to Expect
Gifts & Treats 
Fall Family Festival
Discounts & Benefits
Contact 
ACADEMIC ISSUES
Parents & Families
My student is not doing well academically and I am concerned about his grades. What would you suggest?

There are a number of resources on campus for students who need academic assistance.

As soon as a problem arises, your son should immediately speak with the professor, either after class or during the professor's office hours. If your son has part-time faculty in any of his classes, they are also an excellent resource when students need additional help.

The Writing Studio offers free tutoring, on a walk-in basis, in writing and several content areas.

Your son should also make an appointment with an academic advisor to discuss the problems he is having. The advisors recognize that prior experiences and the ability to adapt to the University's academic environment and faculty expectations are different for every student. The advisor will discuss your son's educational options with him, and if deemed necessary, will refer him to additional University resources. Your son should meet with an academic advisor at least once a semester and more frequently if problems arise. Advisors do not make decisions for students but work with them to help them develop their own decision-making methodology. Each student must assume responsibility for his/her own choices.

Another resource for students is the Counseling Center.

My first-year student is having a problem with one of their professors. What should they do?

Encourage your student to speak with the professor. New students are often hesitant to seek out professors, but after doing it once or twice, they discover that faculty members are approachable people who are here to help students learn, grow, and succeed.

My student is having trouble choosing a major (or wants to change their major). Who can help with this decision?

Choosing a major is difficult for many students. However, there are a number of resources on campus to assist students in the decision-making process.

First, your student should make an appointment with an academic advisor. The academic advisors have expertise in all of the majors offered at Concordia University Irvine, are knowledgeable about the courses that are required in each major, and are well equipped to discuss the best paths for students to follow when making academic decisions.

Secondly, your student should make an appointment with a career advisor at the Office for Career & Vocation. A career counselor will discuss their career options with them and will also help them employ various resources that can aid in making informed career choices.

Professors are another excellent resource. They can offer information about career options and can explain the coursework that is required for specific majors.

Academic clubs afford students opportunities to meet others who share similar scholastic interests and to interact with faculty in informal settings. For information about academic clubs, your son should contact the Student Life Center.

The University Library maintains an excellent selection of academic journals that they can read to learn more about various careers.

My student wants to drop a class. What should they do?

The first thing your daughter should do is make an appointment with an academic advisor to fully discuss the situation and the implications of dropping a class.

It is important, however, to keep in mind that dropping a class may shift your daughter from full-time to part-time status, which could affect her financial aid.

My student refuses to share their grades with me. How can I obtain their grades?

The Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), a federal regulation, governs the confidentiality of students' university records. FERPA stipulates that only your student has access to his CUI records and that you may view them only with their written permission.

In accordance with FERPA, all correspondence from the University regarding grades, academic honors, and/or discipline is sent directly to your student at the address they list with the Registrar. As a parent, our advice for you is to consistently foster and maintain open lines of communication with your child. Let them know that you will be supportive regardless of the circumstances.

If you would like, you may also contact an academic advisor. While the advisors cannot discuss your child’s grades with you, they are always happy to discuss general University policies with parents.

My student needs to notify their professors that they are ill. How do they do this?

If your child is well enough, they should email or call their professors to explain the situation and to obtain any work they are capable of doing. If they are