 you will likely not be contacted by the University if your daughter or son faces disciplinary sanctions. In instances of major alcohol or drug violations, the University may contact you regarding your daughter's or son's sanctions, or may strongly encourage your daughter or son to contact you directly from one of our offices while in our presence. Whereas this distance is sometimes uncomfortable for parents, we remind you that Concordia has an excellent success record in working with students - fewer than 10% of students who go through the disciplinary system are ever written up a second time.

What should my daughter or son do if a friend or roommate is violating college policy?

This can be a very difficult situation. In many cases, the situation can be best addressed by encouraging your daughter or son to simply talk to the other person - maybe with a friend or an RA present. This is typically the most effective means (peer influence is powerful), but may not always be practical. If your son or daughter goes directly to a University official (RA, Associate Dean of Students, or the Dean of Students), he or she will ultimately ask your daughter or son if we can use her or his name when confronting the student. If your son or daughter says no, there are only limited steps that we can take - it may be true, but we must treat it as a credible rumor at best. If your son or daughter agrees to let us use his or her name, there may be some uncomfortable fallout following the confrontation. Be assured that we will do everything in our power to support your son or daughter at this time. Most importantly - when your son or daughter is facing this kind of situation, encourage them to come to speak with us. In certain situations when students' safety is at risk, immediate intervention by the University will occur.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

