https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/biblical-languages
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theological Studies: Biblical Languages Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
Theological Studies: Biblical Languages Major
CHRIST COLLEGE
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Gain a Deeper Understanding of Scripture

Study the Scriptures with a group of committed scholars in both English and the original Greek and Hebrew languages. As a biblical languages major at Concordia, you will learn how to handle the Scriptures with reverence, to interpret them in light of their historical context, and to apply them to our contemporary world. With a focus on preparation for ministry, this major equips you to share your knowledge of the Christian faith in professional church vocations or through your work and service in your community.

As a student in Christ College, you will learn how to understand, communicate, teach, defend, and believe the Christian faith through systematic inquiry of the Bible, the doctrines of the church, and other statements of faith.

As a biblical languages major at Concordia, you will find that our faculty members are scholars and theologians who are actively involved in ministry today. They are also published authors, contributing to world-wide biblical scholarship and serving broad Christian audiences in Bible study and devotion.

APPLY NOW

What Students Are Saying
I’m so thankful for the Biblical Languages program at CUI. It not only gave me a fantastic preparation before going to seminary, but also challenged me and helped me to grow in ways that I never expected.

– Kendall Davis '16

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Student and Alumni Success

Many graduates of our Biblical Languages major are prepared for called ministry or lay leadership in the church, demonstrating the skills necessary to effectively live out and lead the church in the Great Commission and in lives of service.

The Path Less Traveled

Kendall Davis ’16
Graduate Student, Concordia Seminary, St. Louis

Kendall says his undergraduate work in the Biblical Languages major gave him the foundation not only for seminary, but for the Ph.D. he hopes to pursue, and eventually for his role as a pastor someday. “I learned how to study the scriptures to feed myself spiritually and be prepared to teach others as well.”

READ STORY
Opportunities for Biblical Languages Majors

It’s our mission to empower you to live a life of learning, service, and leadership. That’s why we offer a breadth of opportunities to get involved. Our location within Southern California exposes you to a rich ethnic diversity that prepares you well to minister to a broad range of people.  

Academic Opportunities

As a Biblical Languages major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, double major, or church work program. You may also  transition directly into one of our ministry, post-baccalaureate, or graduate programs.

Biblical Studies Minor
Christian Education Leadership Minor
Classical Languages Minor
Director of Christian Education Program
Director of Parish Music Program
Lutheran Teaching Minor
Missiology Minor
Philosophy Minor
Pre-Deaconess Studies Program
Pre-Deaconess Studies Minor
Pre-Seminary Studies Program
Pre-Seminary Studies Minor
Theology Minor
Worship Arts Leadership Minor
Youth Ministry Minor
Extracurricular Activities

Biblical Languages majors regularly participate in abbeywest, Concordia University Irvine's campus ministry program. They have also competed in the President’s Academic Showcase and the President’s Great Commission Showcase. They have many opportunities to participate in mission and service trips in the U.S. and abroad. Excellent students may join Concordia’s Theta Alpha Kappa chapter, a national honor society for theology.

abbey west
Around-the-World-Semester®
Missions
President’s Academic Showcase
President’s Great Commission Showcase
Study Abroad
Theta Alpha Kappa
Job Opportunities

Concordia University Irvine theology alumni are currently serving around the world in the following capacities, and many more:

Pastors
Ministers
Missionaries
Military Chaplains
Professors
Writers
Curriculum

Coursework in the Theological Studies: Biblical Languages major is intended to give you a comprehension of Scripture and understanding of biblical doctrine, while developing a well-informed faith in Christ. You will also become acquainted with other theological thought and engage with western philosophy, allowing you to have meaningful dialogue with people from other faiths and thought systems.  

SAMPLE COURSES
GRE 301: Greek Readings
3

Readings of selected portions of the ancient Greek Biblical and classical texts with special emphasis on building translation skills through a review of morphology and syntax as well as the acquisition of the new vocabulary. Prerequisites: C- or better in GRE 101, GRE 102. May be repeated for credit.

HEB 301: Hebrew Readings
3

Through the reading of selective narrative, legal and poetic passages of the Hebrew Bible, students will advance their translation skills through review and inductive study of morphology, vocabulary and syntax with attention paid to genre analysis and textual criticism. Prerequisites: C- or better in HEB 101, HEB 102. May be repeated for credit.

THL 312: New Testament Book of the Bible
3

This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the New Testament or several smaller books in their entirety which will vary from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite: THL 202 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different book is studied.


THL 429: Biblical Theology and Exegesis
3

Through an intensive study of the major themes of the Old and New Testaments, this course will introduce and apply the tools and principles of exegesis and hermeneutics with special emphasis on deriving Law and Gospel principles for use in congregational ministry. Prerequisites: THL 201 and THL 202 or concurrent enrollment allowed.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

The theology faculty at Concordia University Irvine is the largest in the Concordia University System. Professors in the Biblical Languages major have significant ministry experience and impressive academic credentials. They have published Biblical commentaries, journal articles, academic books, and popular theological books, while also also having significant, hands-on ministry experience both in the U.S. and abroad.

Rev. Dr. Mark Brighton
Professor of Biblical Languages/Theology

Dr. Mark Brighton received his Ph.D. from UC Irvine and his M.Div. from Concordia Seminary, St. Louis. He enjoys studying topics related to the end times and first century Judea and has published books titled Revelation and The Sicarii in Josephus’ Judean War: Rhetorical Analysis and Historical Observations. Dr. Brighton has also been published in theological journals and has authored book chapters.

Dr. Mike Middendorf
Professor of Theology

Dr. Middendorf has published a two-volume commentary on the book of Romans for the Concordia Commentary series published by Concordia Publishing House. He also co-authored a New Testament textbook used here, and at other Concordia Universities, titled Called by the Gospel. He has also enjoyed working on an archaeology dig for three summers at Hippos on the shore of the Sea of Galilee in Israel.

Paul Elliott
Assistant Professor of Theology

Dr. Elliott received his Ph.D. and M. Phil. from Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion and is the lead professor of Hebrew for Concordia University Irvine's Christ College. Dr. Elliott published “The Israel of God in the Sermon: Connecting Old Testament Texts to New Testament People” in Feasting in a Famine of the Word in 2016 and is preparing a commentary on the prophet Habakkuk.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

BIBLICAL LANGUAGES FACULTY
TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Biblical Languages major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Steve Mueller
Dean of Christ College
steve.mueller@cui.edu
(949) 214-3386

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

