ons
President’s Academic Showcase
President’s Great Commission Showcase
Study Abroad
Theta Alpha Kappa
Job Opportunities

Concordia University Irvine theology alumni are currently serving around the world in the following capacities, and many more:

Pastors
Ministers
Missionaries
Military Chaplains
Professors
Writers
Curriculum

Coursework in the Theological Studies: Biblical Languages major is intended to give you a comprehension of Scripture and understanding of biblical doctrine, while developing a well-informed faith in Christ. You will also become acquainted with other theological thought and engage with western philosophy, allowing you to have meaningful dialogue with people from other faiths and thought systems.  

SAMPLE COURSES
GRE 301: Greek Readings
3

Readings of selected portions of the ancient Greek Biblical and classical texts with special emphasis on building translation skills through a review of morphology and syntax as well as the acquisition of the new vocabulary. Prerequisites: C- or better in GRE 101, GRE 102. May be repeated for credit.

HEB 301: Hebrew Readings
3

Through the reading of selective narrative, legal and poetic passages of the Hebrew Bible, students will advance their translation skills through review and inductive study of morphology, vocabulary and syntax with attention paid to genre analysis and textual criticism. Prerequisites: C- or better in HEB 101, HEB 102. May be repeated for credit.

THL 312: New Testament Book of the Bible
3

This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the New Testament or several smaller books in their entirety which will vary from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite: THL 202 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different book is studied.


THL 429: Biblical Theology and Exegesis
3

Through an intensive study of the major themes of the Old and New Testaments, this course will introduce and apply the tools and principles of exegesis and hermeneutics with special emphasis on deriving Law and Gospel principles for use in congregational ministry. Prerequisites: THL 201 and THL 202 or concurrent enrollment allowed.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

The theology faculty at Concordia University Irvine is the largest in the Concordia University System. Professors in the Biblical Languages major have significant ministry experience and impressive academic credentials. They have published Biblical commentaries, journal articles, academic books, and popular theological books, while also also having significant, hands-on ministry experience both in the U.S. and abroad.

Rev. Dr. Mark Brighton
Professor of Biblical Languages/Theology

Dr. Mark Brighton received his Ph.D. from UC Irvine and his M.Div. from Concordia Seminary, St. Louis. He enjoys studying topics related to the end times and first century Judea and has published books titled Revelation and The Sicarii in Josephus’ Judean War: Rhetorical Analysis and Historical Observations. Dr. Brighton has also been published in theological journals and has authored book chapters.

Dr. Mike Middendorf
Professor of Theology

Dr. Middendorf has published a two-volume commentary on the book of Romans for the Concordia Commentary series published by Concordia Publishing House. He also co-authored a New Testament textbook used here, and at other Concordia Universities, titled Called by the Gospel. He has also enjoyed working on an archaeology dig for three summers at Hippos on the shore of the Sea of Galilee in Israel.

Paul Elliott
Assistant Professor of Theology

Dr. Elliott received his Ph.D. and M. Phil. from Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion and is the lead professor of Hebrew for Concordia University Irvine's Christ College. Dr. Elliott published “The Israel of God in the Sermon: Connecting Old Testament Texts to New Testament People” in Feasting in a Famine of the Word in 2016 and is preparing a commentary on the prophet Habakkuk.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

BIBLICAL LANGUAGES FACULTY
TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Biblical Languages major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Steve Mueller
Dean of Christ College
steve.mueller@cui.edu
(949) 214-3386

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
Sep