 excellent antidote for a case of homesickness. As students make friends outside the classroom, the loneliness that may accompany homesickness is often alleviated and students begin feeling that they are really a part of the campus community.

It is important to reassure your child that most students feel homesick at one time or another and that, over time, the feeling will most likely pass. Your son probably doesn't realize it, but while other students may not appear to show it outwardly, they also share similar feelings.

If the problem persists, you may want to suggest that your student make an appointment at the Counseling Center and/or speak with his AD.

How could my student stress less?

Stress is part of everyone's life. A moderate amount of stress fosters creativity, motivation, and change. Think about it - without stress, life would be dull and unexciting. However, TOO much stress can seriously affect your physical and mental health. But what can be done? Here are some helpful hints:

Understand the causes of your stress.
The first step in solving a problem is recognizing that it exists. Begin examining your life to see what causes you stress.
Help yourself and others.
Talk it over, take it easy, and try to put things in perspective.
Know where to go for help.
Prompt professional advice keeps minor problems from becoming major troubles.
Signs of Stress
Irritability
Forgetfulness
Lack of motivation
Procrastination
Difficulty waking up
Excessive crying
Racing heart
Sweaty palms
Lack of concentration
Tense muscles (e.g. shoulders)
Lingering or unidentified illnesses
Driving too fast
Showing up late
Losing things
Headaches
Not having enough time (e.g. to spend time with friends)
Ways to Relax
Do things just for you
Keep a journal
Get a massage
Take deep breaths
Take a walk in nature
Listen to music
Dream
Laugh
Take things one day at a time
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

