https://www.cui.edu/parents-and-families/counseling-center
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Parents & Families

Connection Association 
Resources 
What to Expect
Gifts & Treats 
Fall Family Festival
Discounts & Benefits
Contact 
COUNSELING CENTER, FAMILY ISSUES AND EMOTIONAL DIFFICULTIES
Parents & Families
Counseling Center
What is counseling?

Counseling is a collaborative process that involves the development of a unique, confidential relationship. The counselor acts as a facilitator in helping the client to understand more accurately him/herself and the world around him/her.

Why do students seek counseling?

Students seek counseling for a variety of reasons like low self-confidence; grief and loss; relationship issues; depression; anxiety; self-defeating behaviors (i.e. eating disorders etc.); controlling usage of alcohol and drugs; life purpose and direction; family conflict, and assistance in making better decisions.

Who is eligible for counseling?

The full services of the Counseling Center are available to all undergraduate students of the University at no cost. Services are free, voluntary, and confidential.

How do you set up counseling services?

Visit or call the center located in the Wellness Center on the 1st floor of the Grimm Student Union building, at (949) 214-3102 during their business hours. If the counselor is not available, please leave a message.

Who will know my student is receiving counseling?

No information can be released without the written consent of the counselee. The atmosphere is one of quality, mutual respect, and caring.

Learn more about the services Counseling and Psychological Services offers »

Family Issues
How do I tell my child about a problem at home?

If family problems arise, it can be upsetting to a student if they aren’t told about what is going on at home. Students need to continue feeling that they are still in the family loop, whether their families are nearby or far away. Family problems can cause a student to feel removed and helpless and the student may even magnify the issues. While, as a parent, you know your child and how they deal with certain situations, if there are any difficulties at home, ongoing communication between you and your child is very important.

Emotional Difficulties
My first-year student seems to be experiencing a great deal of stress. What help is available to them?

New students confront a variety of issues during the transition from high school to college and, in the case of transfer students, from another college or university to CUI. Some students need extra time to adapt to a new situation. Encourage your student to make an appointment with the Counseling Center. The Counseling Center offers individual counseling.

My student is homesick. What should I do?

Homesickness, which often occurs early in the school year, but can appear at any time, is a very powerful emotion that can vary tremendously from one student to the next. If a new student experiences any personal and/or academic disappointments, it may cause him/her to start thinking about home and his/her inability to share in the activities there. All of a sudden, the student is hit with the realization that life for the rest of the family is going on as before, but without the student. This can trigger a case of homesickness and the student may announce that he/she wants to spend a lot of weekends at home. Unfortunately, however, this can prolong homesickness, because the student isn't really giving college life a chance.

It takes some students longer than others to overcome homesickness. In the fall semester, participating in Family Weekend, which is held each year in October, often helps to resolve the problem. As students share a portion of their University experience with their families, they often feel better and develop a sense of pride in their new environment. Becoming involved in campus activities is also an excellent antidote for a case of homesickness. As students make friends outside the classroom, the loneliness that may accompany homesickness is often alleviated and students begin feeling that they are really a part of the campus community.

It is important to reassure your child that most students feel homesick at one time or another and that, over time, the feeling will most likely pass. Your son probably doesn't realize it, but while other students may not appear to show it outwardly, they also share similar feelings.

If the problem persists, you may want to suggest that your student make an appointment at the Counseling Center and/or speak with his AD.

How could my student stress less?

Stress is part of everyone's life. A moderate amount of stress fosters creativity, motivation, and change. Think about it - without stress, life would be dull and unexciting. However, TOO much stress can seriously affect your physical and mental health. But what can be done? Here are some helpfu