nt’s Academic Showcase and the Great Commission Showcase. They have many opportunities to participate in mission and service trips in the U.S. and abroad. Excellent students may join Concordia’s Theta Alpha Kappa chapter, a national honor society for theology.

abbey west
Around the World Semester®
Great Commission Showcase
Missions
President’s Academic Showcase
Theta Alpha Kappa
Study Abroad
Job Opportunities

You may be surprised that students who study Theology go on to pursue all sorts of careers. As you may expect, many go on to work in missions, at churches and schools, or at colleges and seminaries. However, others go on to work in business, science, or the public sector. Here are the most common careers:  

Camp Director
Campus Minister
Counselor
Director of Christian Education
Military Chaplain
Minister
Missionary
Non-Profit Manager
Pastor
Professor
Psychologist
Writer
Curriculum

Your coursework as a Theology major is structured around the traditional areas of study in theology: Scripture, doctrine, and history. You will grow in your comprehension of Scripture so that you can express an understanding of the language, contents, history, culture, and themes of the Bible.

SAMPLE COURSES
THL 371: Christian Doctrine and Confessions I
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover theological method, revelation and Scripture, Law and Gospel, the Triune God and His attributes, humanity and sin, and the person and work of Jesus Christ as the God-man, with an emphasis on key biblical material and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions.


THL 429: Biblical Theology and Exegesis
3

Through an intensive study of the major themes of the Old and New Testaments, this course will introduce and apply the tools and principles of exegesis and hermeneutics with special emphasis on deriving Law and Gospel principles for use in congregational ministry. Prerequisites: THL 201 and THL 202 or concurrent enrollment allowed.


THL 430: Christian Apologetics
3

The relationship of the Christian faith to the major philosophies and ideologies that conflict with Christianity will be evaluated from the 2nd century to the present in this course. Prerequisite: Junior or senior standing or consent of instructor.


THL 481: The Mission of Christ's Church
3

This course will provide an overview of the theology and practice of Christian missions including the historical development, missionary methods, evangelism programs, and paradigm shifts, to develop the skills needed to share the Gospel to others.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Graduate Schools Attended

Alumni from Concordia University Irvine’s Theology major go on to study at top graduate schools. The most popular destinations are our two sister institutions: Concordia Seminary in St. Louis, MO and Concordia Theological Seminary in Fort Wayne, IN.

Biola University
Concordia Seminary (St. Louis)
Concordia Theological Seminary (Ft. Wayne)
Concordia University Nebraska
Florida State University
George Fox University
Talbot Theological Seminary
University of Birmingham
University of Bristol
University of California, Irvine
University of Cambridge
University of Durham
University of Florida
University of Notre Dame
University of Nottingham
University of Oxford
University of St. Andrews
Yale University
Meet Your Professors

The Theology faculty at Concordia University Irvine is the largest in the Concordia University System. Professors in the Theology major have significant ministry experience and impressive academic credentials. They have published Biblical commentaries, journal articles, academic books, and popular theological books, while also also having significant, hands-on ministry experience both in the U.S. and abroad.

Dr. Mike Middendorf
Professor of Theology

Dr. Middendorf has published a two-volume commentary on the book of Romans for the Concordia Commentary series published by Concordia Publishing House. He also co-authored a New Testament textbook used here, and at other Concordia Universities, titled Called by the Gospel. He has also enjoyed working on an archaeology dig for three summers at Hippos on the shore of the Sea of Galilee in Israel.

Dr. Scott Stiegemeyer
Associate Professor of Theology & Bioethics

After serving congregations near Pittsburgh, PA and Chicago, IL, bioethicist and theologian Scott Stiegemeyer joined the Faculty at Concordia University Irvine in 2015. A 1991 graduate of Concordia University in Ann Arbor, MI, he attended Concordia Theological Seminary in Fort Wayne, IN from which he earned his mater of divinity.  During his time in the Chicago area, he earned a Master of Arts in bioethics from Trinity International University in Deerfield, IL and later completed a doctorate in bioethics from Loyola University, Chicago. Dr. Stiegemeyer writes and teaches in the areas of church history, bioethics, theology of the body, and Christian ministry in contemporary American contexts.

More Faculty

One of our greatest asset