https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/theology
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theology Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
Theology Major
CHRIST COLLEGE
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Explore the Nature of God With a Theology Degree

The exploration of Christian theology equips you to better understand this world, its Creator, and the people who live in it. As a theology major at Concordia University Irvine, you will delve into a well-rounded study of the nature of God as He is revealed in the Scriptures, along with the subdisciplines of biblical interpretation, doctrine, comparative religions, church history, and applied theology. Through this intellectual foundation in various kinds of inquiry, you are prepared for further study in a variety of fields and for a more informed interaction with the world.

As a student in Christ College, you will learn how to understand, communicate, teach, defend, and believe the Christian faith through systematic inquiry of the Bible, the doctrines of the church, and other statements of faith.

All of your theology professors are scholars and called ministers who are actively involved in ministry today. They are also published authors, contributing to world-wide biblical scholarship and serving Southern California’s diverse Christian communities in Bible study and devotion. Here you will be equipped to make disciples of all nations.

Ready to Apply?
APPLY HERE
What Students Are Saying
As a theology major at Concordia Irvine, I developed a deeper understanding of Sacred Scripture and its faithful exposition in the Lutheran Confessions. Through excellence in their instruction and care in their dialogue, professors guided me towards the ability to communicate the truth of the gospel to others.

Chris Vecera '11

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates of Christ College and the Theology major are prepared for the academic rigor of graduate school. Whether in called ministry or lay leadership in the church, graduates are demonstrating the skills necessary to effectively live out and lead the church in the Great Commission and through lives of service.

A Living Theology

Mark Duerr ’13
Pastor at Sierra Lutheran High School

“Concordia prepared me to use my brain. The Theology program challenged me to think, to explore and to understand. The program was not designed to give you ‘The Answers.’ It was designed to challenge you, to push you, and to encourage you to grow. The program prepares you to face the intellectual and spiritual trials of this world.”

READ STORY
Opportunities for Theology Majors

It’s our mission to empower you to live a life of learning, service, and leadership. That’s why we offer a breadth of opportunities to get involved. Our location within Southern California exposes you to a rich ethnic diversity that prepares you well to minister to a broad range of people.  

Academic Opportunities

As a Theology major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, double major, or our church work program. You may also transition directly into one of our ministry, post-baccalaureate, or graduate programs.

Biblical Languages Minor
Biblical Studies Minor
Christian Education Leadership Minor
Classical Languages Minor
Director of Christian Education Program
Director of Parish Music Program
Lutheran Teaching Minor
Missiology Minor
Philosophy Minor
Pre-Deaconess Studies Minor
Pre-Deaconess Studies Program
Pre-Seminary Studies Program
Pre-Seminary Studies Minor
Worship Arts Leadership Minor
Youth Ministry Minor
Extracurricular Activities

Theology majors regularly participate in abbey west, Concordia University Irvine's campus ministry program. They have also competed in the President’s Academic Showcase and the Great Commission Showcase. They have many opportunities to participate in mission and service trips in the U.S. and abroad. Excellent students may join Concordia’s Theta Alpha Kappa chapter, a national honor society for theology.

abbey west
Around the World Semester®
Great Commission Showcase
Missions
President’s Academic Showcase
Theta Alpha Kappa
Study Abroad
Job Opportunities

You may be surprised that students who study Theology go on to pursue all sorts of careers. As you may expect, many go on to work in missions, at churches and schools, or at colleges and seminaries. However, others go on to work in business, science, or the public sector. Here are the most common careers:  

Camp Director
Campus Minister
Counselor
Director of Christian Education
Military Chaplain
Minister
Missionary
Non-Profit Manager
Pastor
Professor
Psychologist
Writer
Curriculum

Your coursework as a Theology major is structured around the traditional areas of study in theolo