https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/theology
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theology Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
Theology Major
CHRIST COLLEGE
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Explore the Nature of God With a Theology Degree

The exploration of Christian theology equips you to better understand this world, its Creator, and the people who live in it. As a theology major at Concordia University Irvine, you will delve into a well-rounded study of the nature of God as He is revealed in the Scriptures, along with the subdisciplines of biblical interpretation, doctrine, comparative religions, church history, and applied theology. Through this intellectual foundation in various kinds of inquiry, you are prepared for further study in a variety of fields and for a more informed interaction with the world.

As a student in Christ College, you will learn how to understand, communicate, teach, defend, and believe the Christian faith through systematic inquiry of the Bible, the doctrines of the church, and other statements of faith.

All of your theology professors are scholars and called ministers who are actively involved in ministry today. They are also published authors, contributing to world-wide biblical scholarship and serving Southern California’s diverse Christian communities in Bible study and devotion. Here you will be equipped to make disciples of all nations.

Ready to Apply?
APPLY HERE
What Students Are Saying
As a theology major at Concordia Irvine, I developed a deeper understanding of Sacred Scripture and its faithful exposition in the Lutheran Confessions. Through excellence in their instruction and care in their dialogue, professors guided me towards the ability to communicate the truth of the gospel to others.

Chris Vecera '11

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates of Christ College and the Theology major are prepared for the academic rigor of graduate school. Whether in called ministry or lay leadership in the church, graduates are demonstrating the skills necessary to effectively live out and lead the church in the Great Commission and through lives of service.

A Living Theology

Mark Duerr ’13
Pastor at Sierra Lutheran High School

“Concordia prepared me to use my brain. The Theology program challenged me to think, to explore and to understand. The program was not designed to give you ‘The Answers.’ It was designed to challenge you, to push you, and to encourage you to grow. The program prepares you to face the intellectual and spiritual trials of this world.”

READ STORY
Opportunities for Theology Majors

It’s our mission to empower you to live a life of learning, service, and leadership. That’s why we offer a breadth of opportunities to get involved. Our location within Southern California exposes you to a rich ethnic diversity that prepares you well to minister to a broad range of people.  

Academic Opportunities

As a Theology major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, double major, or our church work program. You may also transition directly into one of our ministry, post-baccalaureate, or graduate programs.

Biblical Languages Minor
Biblical Studies Minor
Christian Education Leadership Minor
Classical Languages Minor
Director of Christian Education Program
Director of Parish Music Program
Lutheran Teaching Minor
Missiology Minor
Philosophy Minor
Pre-Deaconess Studies Minor
Pre-Deaconess Studies Program
Pre-Seminary Studies Program
Pre-Seminary Studies Minor
Worship Arts Leadership Minor
Youth Ministry Minor
Extracurricular Activities

Theology majors regularly participate in abbey west, Concordia University Irvine's campus ministry program. They have also competed in the President’s Academic Showcase and the Great Commission Showcase. They have many opportunities to participate in mission and service trips in the U.S. and abroad. Excellent students may join Concordia’s Theta Alpha Kappa chapter, a national honor society for theology.

abbey west
Around the World Semester®
Great Commission Showcase
Missions
President’s Academic Showcase
Theta Alpha Kappa
Study Abroad
Job Opportunities

You may be surprised that students who study Theology go on to pursue all sorts of careers. As you may expect, many go on to work in missions, at churches and schools, or at colleges and seminaries. However, others go on to work in business, science, or the public sector. Here are the most common careers:  

Camp Director
Campus Minister
Counselor
Director of Christian Education
Military Chaplain
Minister
Missionary
Non-Profit Manager
Pastor
Professor
Psychologist
Writer
Curriculum

Your coursework as a Theology major is structured around the traditional areas of study in theology: Scripture, doctrine, and history. You will grow in your comprehension of Scripture so that you can express an understanding of the language, contents, history, culture, and themes of the Bible.

SAMPLE COURSES
THL 371: Christian Doctrine and Confessions I
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover theological method, revelation and Scripture, Law and Gospel, the Triune God and His attributes, humanity and sin, and the person and work of Jesus Christ as the God-man, with an emphasis on key biblical material and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions.


THL 429: Biblical Theology and Exegesis
3

Through an intensive study of the major themes of the Old and New Testaments, this course will introduce and apply the tools and principles of exegesis and hermeneutics with special emphasis on deriving Law and Gospel principles for use in congregational ministry. Prerequisites: THL 201 and THL 202 or concurrent enrollment allowed.


THL 430: Christian Apologetics
3

The relationship of the Christian faith to the major philosophies and ideologies that conflict with Christianity will be evaluated from the 2nd century to the present in this course. Prerequisite: Junior or senior standing or consent of instructor.


THL 481: The Mission of Christ's Church
3

This course will provide an overview of the theology and practice of Christian missions including the historical development, missionary methods, evangelism programs, and paradigm shifts, to develop the skills needed to share the Gospel to others.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Graduate Schools Attended

Alumni from Concordia University Irvine’s Theology major go on to study at top graduate schools. The most popular destinations are our two sister institutions: Concordia Seminary in St. Louis, MO and Concordia Theological Seminary in Fort Wayne, IN.

Biola University
Concordia Seminary (St. Louis)
Concordia Theological Seminary (Ft. Wayne)
Concordia University Nebraska
Florida State University
George Fox University
Talbot Theological Seminary
University of Birmingham
University of Bristol
University of California, Irvine
University of Cambridge
University of Durham
University of Florida
University of Notre Dame
University of Nottingham
University of Oxford
University of St. Andrews
Yale University
Meet Your Professors

The Theology faculty at Concordia University Irvine is the largest in the Concordia University System. Professors in the Theology major have significant ministry experience and impressive academic credentials. They have published Biblical commentaries, journal articles, academic books, and popular theological books, while also also having significant, hands-on ministry experience both in the U.S. and abroad.

Dr. Mike Middendorf
Professor of Theology

Dr. Middendorf has published a two-volume commentary on the book of Romans for the Concordia Commentary series published by Concordia Publishing House. He also co-authored a New Testament textbook used here, and at other Concordia Universities, titled Called by the Gospel. He has also enjoyed working on an archaeology dig for three summers at Hippos on the shore of the Sea of Galilee in Israel.

Dr. Scott Stiegemeyer
Associate Professor of Theology & Bioethics

After serving congregations near Pittsburgh, PA and Chicago, IL, bioethicist and theologian Scott Stiegemeyer joined the Faculty at Concordia University Irvine in 2015. A 1991 graduate of Concordia University in Ann Arbor, MI, he attended Concordia Theological Seminary in Fort Wayne, IN from which he earned his mater of divinity.  During his time in the Chicago area, he earned a Master of Arts in bioethics from Trinity International University in Deerfield, IL and later completed a doctorate in bioethics from Loyola University, Chicago. Dr. Stiegemeyer writes and teaches in the areas of church history, bioethics, theology of the body, and Christian ministry in contemporary American contexts.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

THEOLOGY FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Theology major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

David Loy
Dean of Christ College
david.loy@cui.edu
(949)-214-3396

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

