 and at other Concordia Universities, titled Called by the Gospel. He has also enjoyed working on an archaeology dig for three summers at Hippos on the shore of the Sea of Galilee in Israel.

Dr. Scott Stiegemeyer
Associate Professor of Theology & Bioethics

After serving congregations near Pittsburgh, PA and Chicago, IL, bioethicist and theologian Scott Stiegemeyer joined the Faculty at Concordia University Irvine in 2015. A 1991 graduate of Concordia University in Ann Arbor, MI, he attended Concordia Theological Seminary in Fort Wayne, IN from which he earned his mater of divinity.  During his time in the Chicago area, he earned a Master of Arts in bioethics from Trinity International University in Deerfield, IL and later completed a doctorate in bioethics from Loyola University, Chicago. Dr. Stiegemeyer writes and teaches in the areas of church history, bioethics, theology of the body, and Christian ministry in contemporary American contexts.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

THEOLOGY FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Theology major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

David Loy
Dean of Christ College
david.loy@cui.edu
(949)-214-3396

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

