https://www.cui.edu/library/donation-policy
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Schroeder Library
About Us
Research Tools
Services
Digital Repository
Contact Us
My Library Account
Donation Policy
Library
Donation Policy

We are currently not taking in donations until further notice.

The Schroeder Library welcomes gifts of materials appropriate to our university mission, or funds for the purchase of such materials, recognizing that gifts may provide valuable additions to the collection. Gifts allow material to be added to the collection for little or no initial cost. However, gifts ultimately are not free; they must be catalogued, processed and housed. To keep such expenses to a minimum, tight control is needed. Final decisions on the retention and disposition of all gifts are the responsibility of the Director of Library Services.

Gift Guidelines:

Donated materials are expected to meet the same standards of quality and relevance to the collection as new titles. They should support the curriculum and the mission of the library as well as meet the collection development guidelines and policies, in regard to physical condition, format, language, etc.

The Library adheres to all federal regulations governing Internal Revenue Service gifts-in-kind.

The Schroeder Library follows the recommendations of the Association of College and Research Libraries (ACRL), a division of the American Library Association, in regard to the appraisal of gifts or resources.

Gifts must be brought or mailed to the library.

What types of items will be accepted as donations?

Monographs.
Faculty Works. Donated works by faculty and/or alumni authors are always welcome and will be added to the collection, unless these works do not meet collection development guidelines and policies or are otherwise inappropriate for an academic library.

What types of items will not be accepted as donations?

Materials which bear the ownership markings of another library or institution and do not have any indication of being withdrawn from that institution’s collection cannot be accepted
The library cannot accept gifts of outdated or superseded textbooks, law, or science/engineering publications; items in poor condition; condensations; old newspapers, clippings, etc.

Who decides the value of gifts and/or donations?

To protect the donor and the University, the Library, as an interested party, does not establish values of gifts or resources. If the donor desires an appraisal, it is the donor's responsibility to estimate values or employ the services of an independent consultant.
The acceptance of a gift which has been appraised by the donor or a disinterested party does not in any way imply endorsement of the appraisal by the Library.

What occurs after items are donated?

The Library reserves the right to make decisions about the disposition of all gifts.
All donors will receive an acknowledgment letter from the university with the number of titles donated.
 
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

