https://www.cui.edu/library/code-of-conduct
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Schroeder Library
About Us
Research Tools
Services
Digital Repository
Contact Us
My Library Account
Code of Conduct
Library
Code of Conduct

The Library Code of Conduct is designed to create a safe and quiet environment for all patrons to enjoy. Library users and visitors are responsible for informing themselves of library policies. This code applies to all users of the Concordia University Library, including students, faculty, staff, members of the community, and visitors. Thank you for your cooperation.

General Expectations

Library users and visitors are to observe all posted rules of library use, including, but not limited to, restrictions related to food and drinks, quiet study, unattended items, and computer use.

Use of the Library

Access to the library is permitted only for purposes of using library resources or studying. Soliciting, loitering or sleeping is not permitted. Occupying the Libraries’ computers for personal or recreational use when others are waiting is prohibited.

Identification

Library users must be prepared to provide valid personal identification if asked by library staff or Campus Safety personnel. University students, staff and faculty should carry their ID card at all times when in the library.

Individual, Quiet Study

A quiet atmosphere is expected in all areas of the building. Any noise or activity that disturbs the concentration of other users (including noise from conversations, cell phones, musical devices, computers, etc.) is considered inappropriate. Extended non-study related conversations are also considered inappropriate and may result in users and visitors suspension of library privileges.

Cell Phones

Cell phones are to be turned off or put on silent mode if brought into the library. Cell phone conversations are not permitted inside the library.

Food and Drinks

Light food, snacks, and beverages with spill-proof lids are permitted inside the library building. Delivery of food to the library is not permitted.

Cleaning Up

Leave study area(s) clean for the next person. Throw away bottles and containers in the trash and wipe up any spills (all restrooms have paper towels).

Shirt & Shoes

Footwear and shirts must be worn in the library at all times for health and safety reasons.

Animals

Animals are not allowed in the library building unless they are official guide or assistance animals.

Unattended Items

Personal items should not be left unattended, even for a few minutes. Concordia University Library is not responsible for thefts or vandalism to personal property that is left unattended. Items left unattended may be removed by Campus Safety.

Library Staff and administration reserve the right to enforce these guidelines consistent with the Concordia University Library’s policies. Library staff may ask users to leave if they refuse to abide by the Library’s policies and Code of Conduct or if they fail to comply with staff directives. Campus Safety will be called when necessary.

 
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

