hod the student can use to meet oral communication requirements. When in-class participation is required, the professor may request the student to write an essay in lieu of speaking in class, or to send e-mails to the professor after each class period summarizing what they have learned.

Course Assignment Deadline Consideration

Please note, this accommodation is given on a case-by-case basis, it does not cover every assignment, nor should it be given as a result of procrastination or lack of planning. The amount of time given for an extension will be up to the professor.
PROCESS: the student and instructor (and DAS upon request) should determine ahead of time (1) how many assignments can be submitted late and (2) how the student should notify the instructor. Concerns about implementation should be directed to DAS.
GUIDELINE 1:  DAS promotes positive time- and project-management skills, as well as effective decision-making. Students must factor in the reality of their own personal situations and use time effectively to complete assignments. Adequate work should be done prior to the deadline in order to avoid needing an extension.
GUIDELINE 2: Assignments cannot be submitted whenever desired. Students are required to complete all assignments prior to the end of the semester.

Emotional Control

Students should always adhere to CUI’s classroom conduct expectations, but at times, a student may have difficulty maintaining composure in the classroom. This in no way reflects how they feel about the class. Students may need to step outside class for a few minutes to regain emotional control.

Exams: Extra Time

Extended time for tests and quizzes is the most common accommodation. Typically, students receive 1.5x extended time as an accommodation. So if a test is 1 hour, the student would have 90 minutes. Occasionally, students may be approved for double time.
Students need to communicate with instructors at least 3 business days before an exam, and if a professor is unable to proctor the exam, then students need to reach out to DAS for test proctoring services. DAS also requires 3 business days of advance notice. Tests should be taken on the same day and approximate time as the class.
NOTE: If a professor believes that the extended time fundamentally alters the test’s objectives, they should reach out to DAS.

Exams: Reduced-distraction Environment

Students are approved to take tests in a testing environment with minimal distractions. This accommodation may be provided in a space separate from the classroom: the professor's office, study room, or the DAS Testing Center via appointment.

Exams: Use of a Scribe and/or Reader

Students who are unable to write or view an exam may use a scribe or reader for an exam. Students must request scribe and/or reader at least 5 days in advance.

Exams: Calculator

Use of a 4-function calculator is approved for exams.

Face Student When Lecturing or Speaking

As much as the space permits, please face the student when lecturing and/or speaking. 
A good practice for all students is to repeat the question for large groups.

First Week’s Assignments

A student may need access to the first week’s assignments in order to complete them on time.

Have Food Nearby

A student may need to have food or drink in class, or be able to step outside if the classroom environment (ex: science lab) disallows food.

Housing Accommodations

Students may need housing accommodations in order to live on campus. DAS collaborates with RES on implementing housing accommodations.

Instructor Clarification

Instructor clarifies verbal or written information as requested by student. The student will contact the professor for clarification after class if the professor is available or during instructor office hours or via e-mail.

Modified Physical Activity

Physical activities for health and wellness classes may need to be modified so that activities are accessible for students.

Notetaking Assistance

If a student is unable to take notes, peer notetakers will take notes for the students. DAS will reach out to professors if a notetaker is requested for a class. When notetakers are not available, recorded lectures and/or professor notes will be a substitute accommodation.

Option to Work Individually

The student may require independent study rather than group projects. Professor should give consideration for students opting-out of group projects if it is not a required element.

Personal Care Assistant (PCA)

Student requires the services of a PCA who may, or may not, be present in the classroom. PCAs are non-active participants in the academic, learning and living environment. Student must identify the courses the PCA will attend.

Personal Computer in Class

When appropriate, a student will be permitted to use a laptop in class for notetaking purposes.

Postural Breaks

The student is allowed to step out of class for short breaks as needed. This does not excuse regular tardiness or leaving class early.

Pre