take notes, peer notetakers will take notes for the students. DAS will reach out to professors if a notetaker is requested for a class. When notetakers are not available, recorded lectures and/or professor notes will be a substitute accommodation.

Option to Work Individually

The student may require independent study rather than group projects. Professor should give consideration for students opting-out of group projects if it is not a required element.

Personal Care Assistant (PCA)

Student requires the services of a PCA who may, or may not, be present in the classroom. PCAs are non-active participants in the academic, learning and living environment. Student must identify the courses the PCA will attend.

Personal Computer in Class

When appropriate, a student will be permitted to use a laptop in class for notetaking purposes.

Postural Breaks

The student is allowed to step out of class for short breaks as needed. This does not excuse regular tardiness or leaving class early.

Preferential Seating

Preferential seating means that a student is seated in a location that is most beneficial for learning in the classroom, allowing the student to see, hear, pay attention to, or participate in activities in the same ways as peers. If necessary, seat placards can be posted to reserve a student’s seat.

Record Lectures

Students may be approved to record class lectures for personal study use. The student should inform the instructor prior to recording. Per California law, the instructor should then notify the class (verbally or via ADA syllabus statement) that conversations are being recorded. The student may not disseminate recorded lectures and must delete the recorded materials in any and all formats within in ten calendar days from the completion of the term for the course.

Service Dogs in the Classroom in Campus Buildings

A service animal is either a dog or a miniature pony that has been trained to perform a specific task for a student with a physical or psychiatric disability. Service animals are working animals and must be under the control of their handler at all times. Service animals are protected under the ADA, making them distinctly different from Emotional Support Animals.

Sign Language Interpreting Services

Students who are Deaf or Hard of Hearing may request a Sign Language Interpreter for classroom lectures and related activities. DAS coordinates interpreters needed for academic activities; DAS can also partner with other campus organizations to coordinate ASL interpreters for non-academic activities.

Temporary: Attendance Modifications

A student may have a short-term injury, such as a concussion, that requires temporary attendance modifications. Such modifications rarely extend past one week, and students are responsible for coordinating make-up work.

Transcription/CART (Communication Access in Real-Time) Services

Student will be using automatically generated captions through Zoom, or a captionist via the Internet who will transcribe classroom instructions, lectures and conversations in real-time.

Video Captioning

Students who are Deaf, Hard of Hearing, or have specific learning disabilities may need transcripts or closed captions for class media. If media is not captioned, please contact DAS 2 weeks in advance. Remember that accessible media can often be found on the internet.
If relevant, please see this quick guide on making Zoom content accessible.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

