https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/disability-access-services/accommodations-glossary
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Disability Access Services

Website Accessibility
Accommodations 
Resources 
Contact Us
Request Accommodations
Accommodations Glossary
Disability Access Services
ON THIS PAGE 
Academic Accommodations
Academic Accommodations at CUI are:
Communicated each semester to instructors via email from the DAS Coordinator
Requested each semester by the student
Meant to “level the playing field”
Approved on a case-by-case basis
Academic Accommodations at CUI are not:
Retroactive
Intended to reduce academic requirements or fundamentally alter the nature or objective of a course
Accommodations Glossary

This list is not exhaustive, but rather a glossary of the most commonly approved accommodations. Each accommodation is approved on a case-by-case basis.

2-day Extension (for Graduate Students only)

The student has a 2-day extension on major course assignments (3+ pages). This extension also applies to the late work policy and the final course assignment. IMPLEMENTATION: the student should notify the professor that an assignment will be late. If the student or professor feel that the accommodations are not providing adequate access, then the student or professor should contact the Disability Access Services Coordinator to allow for the discussion and consideration of the additional accommodations.

Accessible Textbooks

The student may require textbooks be available in an alternative format (electronic, audio, large print, Braille). Student must request alt-texts from DAS before every course and have proof of purchase for textbook requests: www.cui.edu/alt-text. Students should submit their request as far in advance as possible. Depending on the textbook and type of format, it may be weeks before an accessible textbook is available.

Accessible Class Materials

Students with various vision, learning, and physical disabilities may require course materials in an accessible format. Scanned PDFs and paper hand-outs are examples of materials that may not be accessible. If the materials need to be converted, the instructor will need to provide course materials to DAS at least a week ahead of time.

Accessible Furniture

Students attending class on campus should request accessible furniture from DAS a week in advance of courses starting. First time requests may take a couple of weeks to implement, depending on current inventory.

Advance Notice

Disability Access Services encourages students to practice good time management habits. As such, students may need 1-2 weeks advance notice on assignments so that assignments can be completed on time.

Attendance Considerations

The number of allowable absences/extensions depends on the interactive or participatory nature of a course, or is based on department, college or accrediting agency rules. Students are expected and encouraged to attend classes on a regular basis, as well as submit work on time, and faculty have the right to establish attendance and late work policies. However, the student's medical condition may occasionally impact the student's ability to attend/complete assignments. PROCESS: the student and instructor can complete the Attendance Consideration form together. Student should initiate contact unless they specifically request Disability Access Services to do so for each course. If no Attendance Plan is set up, instructor may presume the student is not using this accommodation in class. There can be a point at which disability-related absences cannot be reasonably accommodated.
Flexibility with Attendance/Assignment Due Dates Form 

Computer for Written Exams

Students may need a computer for essay exams to help with legibility and fatigue prevention.

Consideration for Alternative Assessment

A student may not be able to speak orally for various reasons. The professor will decide the alternative method the student can use to meet oral communication requirements. When in-class participation is required, the professor may request the student to write an essay in lieu of speaking in class, or to send e-mails to the professor after each class period summarizing what they have learned.

Course Assignment Deadline Consideration

Please note, this accommodation is given on a case-by-case basis, it does not cover every assignment, nor should it be given as a result of procrastination or lack of planning. The amount of time given for an extension will be up to the professor.
PROCESS: the student and instructor (and DAS upon request) should determine ahead of time (1) how many assignments can be submitted late and (2) how the student should notify the instructor. Concerns about implementation should be directed to DAS.
GUIDELINE 1:  DAS promotes positive time- and project-management skills, as well as effective decision-making. Students must factor in the reality of their own personal situ