https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/diversity/hispanic-leadership-conference/about
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Hispanic Leadership Conference

About
Schedule & Speakers
Previous Years 
Related Links 
Contact
ABOUT CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE
Hispanic Leadership Conference
 
 
 
 
Our Story

Established in 1976 as Christ College Irvine with only 36 students, five faculty members, and one building, Concordia University Irvine (CUI) today is one of the region’s leading private nonprofit Christian liberal arts universities. Preparing students for their vocations—their callings in life—Concordia offers graduate and undergraduate degree programs through its six schools—Arts & Sciences, Business & Economics, Christ College, Education, Health & Human Sciences and the Townsend Institute. And its Lutheran heritage provides a thoughtful and caring Christian community that lives out the theology of “Grace alone. Faith alone.” Concordia  ranked nationally among the “Top Performers on Social Mobility” universities by U.S. News & World Report. The only NCAA DII university in Orange County, Concordia enrolls about 5,000 students annually and is an emerging Hispanic-Serving Institution (HSI). Located in scenic Southern California, CUI is tucked away in natural open spaces in the City of Irvine, just minutes from beaches, bike trails, and retail centers.

2019: Concordia University Irvine became a Hispanic Serving Institution
2022: Concordia University Irvine received first $3 million HSI Grant
2023: Concordia University Irvine received $3 million Postbaccalaureate Opportunities for Hispanic Americans Program Grant
2023: Concordia University Irvine received $3 million STEM HSI Grant
Our Mission

Concordia University Irvine, guided by the Great Commission of Christ Jesus and the Lutheran Confessions, empowers students through the liberal arts and professional studies for lives of learning, service, and leadership.

Hispanic Conference Leadership Alums

Concordia University Irvine alumni, as well as community members, who have participated as keynotes, speakers, or panelists in Concordia’s Hispanic Leadership Conference through the years are referred to as “conference alums.” This family of high-profile first-generation college-grad professionals pour into future first-gen college students, by sharing their journeys, remembering where they came from, and the sacrifices that their parents made for them. Here are some of their stories.

I blame Concordia for my success. They were very instrumental in helping me think in a business mind.

Henry Alonzo ‘09
Founder, Adarga Entertainment Group

Previous
Next
First-Generation Student Program

You're the first in your family to go to college. We're here to journey with you. #CUIFirstGen

LEARN MORE

About Christian Colleges and Universities

Christian colleges and universities play an essential role in our nation by filling the gap with doctors, nurses, teachers, and social workers, to being affordable. The Council for Christian Colleges and Universities (CCCU)—a group of US Christian colleges and universities—published these statistics to illustrate the impact that Christian higher education and CCCU-member institutions, like Concordia University Irvine, are having in our country.

Affordability
Christian colleges and universities provide affordable, high-quality education for students.
The majority of CCCU students do not pay the published sticker price at their university and are more likely to receive institutional aid.
Institutional Aid
95% of CCCU students
78% of students at private institutions.

Source: National Center for Education Statistics, IPEDS, 2017-18

Social Impact
Christian colleges and universities are vital in educating first-generation and low-income college students.
1 in 3 CCCU students are first-generation college students.

Source: Econsult Solutions, “The National Impact of Higher Education,” 2018

Careers*

CCCU students are overrepresented in fields that deliver social benefits, like human services (which includes counseling, mental health, and family services.)

Human Services
12.7 % CCCU institutions
4.2 % all (public and private) 4-year universities
Community Impact*

CCCU students are more likely to participate in community service.

Community Service
35.2 % of CCCU students
25.7 % of all college students

*Source: Econsult Solutions, “The National Impact of Christian Higher Education,” 2018

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

