https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/diversity/hispanic-leadership-conference/previous-years/2018
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Hispanic Leadership Conference

About
Schedule & Speakers
Previous Years 
Related Links 
Contact
2018 HISPANIC LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE
Hispanic Leadership Conference
A Road Map for College

College is not a dream. It’s a plan. That’s why Concordia University Irvine launched its inaugural Latina Leadership Conference in 2016—to inspire Latina students from local high schools and community colleges—along with their parents—to navigate the road to college. With a sold-out crowd each year and exceptional feedback from teachers, counselors, principals, students and parents alike, Concordia invites you to this free half-day conference. Together with local high schools and community colleges, we’re working to help Latinas, together with their parents, to explore pathways to college, and how to navigate that road. You’ll learn about different majors and degrees, how you can apply them to different careers, and ask questions from professors and professionals in these industries. You’ll hear, too, about how others have paid for college. And you’ll hear from first-gen Latina professionals who’ll share about their own journeys. Bilingual interpreters will be available for all sessions.

If you’re a Hispanic female freshman, sophomore, junior or senior in high school, or attending community college, register today to attend the conference. Admission is free, but limited to the first 300 registrants.

Print Flyer: English | Spanish

2018 Latina Leadership Conference Highlights

Concordia University Irvine acknowledges the support of sponsors who made the 2018 Latina Leadership Conference possible. They include Silver Sponsor: U.S. Army; VIP Reception: AT&T, and Lunch Sponsor: Cox Communications. In addition, Concordia appreciates the generosity of Edison International for recognizing the Latina Leadership Conference with its first grant, $10,000 award.

2018 keynote speaker, Ambassador Gaddi Vasquez, gathers with conference attendees after his opening speech. As a first-generation college graduate, Ambassador Vasquez encouraged students to work hard as he shared his inspiring story of growing up in the bracero camps of central California, to later become the first Hispanic Director of the United States Peace Corps, and the first Hispanic U.S. Ambassador to United Nations agencies.

High school and community college students from the Latina Leadership Conference explore college majors and community college options at the Information Fair.

Latina Leadership Conference attendees check in at the registration table to begin the half-day conference.

Thanks to the generous support of sponsors, future first-generation college students learned how to navigate the road to college. Pictured from left are 2018 conference sponsor representatives from the U.S. Army, Cox Communications; Concordia University Irvine Provost Peter Senkbeil; U.S. Army, and AT&T.

In addition to learning about college majors and how first-generation professionals are using their degrees in their careers, conference attendees also heard from three Hispanic first-generation influencers who shared about how they grew up, who influenced them, their hard work, and how taking advantage of opportunities in school and life helped to pave the road to success. Pictured from left are moderator UC Riverside Public Information Officer Sandra Martinez, Irvine High School Principal Monica Colunga, Cox Public Affairs Manager Adriana Galdamez, and record executive BMI Vice President Latin Division Delia Orjuela--all Hispanic first-generation college graduates whose parents didn't attend college.

Silver Sponsor
VIP Reception Sponsor
Lunch Sponsor
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

