https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/diversity/hispanic-leadership-conference/previous-years/2017
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Hispanic Leadership Conference

About
Schedule & Speakers
Previous Years 
Related Links 
Contact
2017 HISPANIC LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE
Hispanic Leadership Conference
Second Annual Latina Conference

Concordia University Irvine held its second annual Latina Leadership Conference in October, with panels of professionals addressing subjects like “Paying for College,” as well as breakout sessions on educational pathways in biology, nursing, fine arts and business...read more »

Event Details

This event sold out. Due to overwhelming response, registration was closed.

College is not a dream. It’s a plan. That’s why Concordia University Irvine launched its inaugural Latina Leadership Conference in 2016—to inspire Latina students from local high schools and community colleges—along with their parents—to navigate the road to college. With a sold-out crowd and exceptional feedback from teachers, counselors, and principals who attended last year’s inaugural conference, Concordia is once again hosting the free half-day conference. We’re partnering with high schools and community colleges to bring this event to Latinas and their parents who want to explore pathways to college, and how to navigate that road. You’ll learn about different majors and degrees, how you can apply them to different careers, and ask questions from professors in these areas of study. You’ll hear, too, from the financial aid office and be able to ask questions. You’ll also hear from first-gen Latina professionals who’ll share about their own experiences—and bilingual interpreters will be available for all sessions.

Learn more here about the conference and Concordia University Irvine’s initiative to become a full-serving Hispanic Serving Institution (HSI). If you’re a female Hispanic student in high school or attending community college, register today to attend the conference. Admission is limited to the first 300 registrants.

Print Flyer: English | Spanish

Speakers

Welcome & Keynote Speaker
A graduate of Concordia Irvine and Southern California native, first-gen keynote speaker Daisy Cardiel shares her journey about growing up in Los Angeles, attending college, serving an internship, and how she’s applied what she’s learned in life—and from her parents—to have a high-profile career in the U.S. Department of State.

Keynote:

Daisy Cardiel, CUI alumnus '05
Assistant Director, New York Passport Agency
U.S. Department of State

 

 

 

 

 

 

Moderator:

Sandra Martinez
Editor-Writer, Inside UCR
Office of Strategic Communications
University of California, Riverside

“Where I Started” Panel
Three first-gen college graduates who are today leading professionals in their fields share about how they grew up, and the lessons they’ve learned along the way.

Marcie Perez
West Coast Principal, the CC shop

Henry Alonzo, MBA, CUI alumnus ‘09
CEO, Adarga Entertainment

Delia Orjuela
Vice President, Latin Music
Broadcast Music, Inc. (BMI)

Thank You to Our Generous 2017 Sponsors
Liberal Arts Breakout Session Sponsor

Business & Education Breakout Session Sponsor

 

VIP Reception Sponsor

 

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

