https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/programs-abroad/study-abroad/index/id/25244
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Partner Programs Abroad

Resources
General Information
Program Locations
Related Links
Cambridge, England
Concordia Cambridge Program
STUDY ABROAD
Concordia Cambridge Program
Fall Semester Only

Live, study, and worship together for the fall semester of your sophomore year with fellow students at Westfield House in Cambridge, England—one of the world’s oldest and most famous university towns.

Apply Now

Once your Concordia application to Study Abroad is approved, you will submit a separate application for the Concordia Cambridge Program.

APPLY TO STUDY ABROAD

Application
International Student Guide
Program
Live Together

Live together in a university setting that has existed since 1209.

Traveling
You will spend a semester in Cambridge from around mid-September to the third week of December. Trips around England are offered in connection with certain courses. There is no mid-semester break, but you do have plenty of time to trek around the United Kingdom or Europe before the semester starts.
Housing
You will live with other students in Luther Hall near Westfield House.
Food
Luther Hall has two full kitchens where you can prepare your own meals. Grocery stores, a daily outdoor market, and a wealth of restaurants are within walking distance.
Study Together

Study together some of the world’s greatest works of literature and art in one of the world’s finest intellectual and cultural cities.

Campus
Classes are held in Westfield House, which has a library, lecture rooms, and a common meeting area. Lectures by University of Cambridge professors are given in various colleges. You may use the University Library, too.
Faculty
Classes — taught in the Cambridge style of small seminar discussions, individual supervisions, and plenary lectures — are led by professors from Westfield House. You can also attend lectures by highly-accomplished scholars at the University of Cambridge in connection with some of your classes.
Courses and Credits
Students can earn up to 15 units in this program. All courses count for Q&I (general education), major, minor, or elective requirements. All students take Topics in British Life and Culture (1 unit) and can choose up to 4 other courses at Westfield House. Typical offerings include Christianity and the Arts, Calculus I, British Science Fiction, Introduction to the Old Testament, New Testament Gospels, Greek, The Continental Reformation, and Philosophy of Religion.
Students may, if approved, use 1 or 2 of their course options to enroll in a "Cambridge Experience" course. Courses are typically offered in subjects such as history, philosophy, politics, and sociology. Students taking a "Cambridge Experience" course attend lectures at Cambridge University and do the course's supervisions, seminars, and assessments with Westfield House.  "Cambridge Experience" courses may include: World Religions, Shakespeare, and more.  Students may reach out to Westfield and the International Moon Center about additional classes that are available to ensure they are taking the right courses for their grad plan.  
Honors students can earn 6 Honors points for successfully completing the Concordia Cambridge Program.
Worship Together

Worship together at a center of the English Reformation and in its medieval chapels, churches, and cathedrals.

Chapel
Daily chapel is held each morning at Resurrection Lutheran Church next to Westfield House. Choral Evensong — a classic Cambridge chapel tradition—occurs every evening at several colleges, including King's College.
Admission

All Concordia University Irvine students from any major or program may apply. Students must achieve and maintain a 3.0+ GPA to attend. Accepted students are mature, self-disciplined, culturally open, civil, and desire to live, study, and worship together.

Students will pay Concordia University Irvine tuition and housing. Students will need to pay for food abroad and airfare.

For more information about Concordia's Cambridge Program, please contact Dr. Scott Ashmon, Associate Provost, at scott.ashmon@cui.edu or (949) 214-3735.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

