https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/programs-abroad/study-abroad/things-to-learn-before-you-leave
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Partner Programs Abroad

Resources
General Information
Program Locations
Related Links
Things to Learn Before You Leave
STUDY ABROAD
Things to Learn Before You Leave

Studying abroad is a very new experience for most students and their families. Students return from their time abroad with a wealth of knowledge about living in another country. We compiled many of their comments to help you get prepared.

What to Bring
Don't take a lot of stuff, especially when you travel. Pack light. Even if you think to pack light, you'll over-pack, so only take the essentials. You can usually buy anything you need.
Bring a large traveling or camping backpack. It's very convenient when traveling during school breaks. Take advantage of your holidays, whether through trips to another major city or excursions to nearby villages - but don’t forget to spend lots of time in your host city!
Bring several types of clothing. You never know if winter or summer will come a few weeks early.
Bring pictures of home: family, friends, etc. You will get homesick and there will be times when you'll really enjoy looking at them.
Take extra passport photos. You'll need them for transportation passes, program or institution information, etc.
Bring gifts for host students and families. It doesn't have to be anything expensive or bulky. It's simply a small gesture and token of your appreciation. A gift that is connected to your hometown, culture, hobbies - even just something that you can tell a personal story about - can help break the ice and start a comfortable conversation.
Read up on the countries you plan to visit and bring a good travel guide.
Talk to former study abroad students who have gone through your program or have studied abroad. Talk to them before, during, and after your study abroad experience. It'll help to speak to someone who can relate and give you applicable advice.
Suggested Items to Pack
Flip flops for the shower
Toiletries (travel sizes)
Durable walking shoes or hiking boots
Backpack with a hip strap, sturdy stitching, padded shoulder straps, compartmental bag, waterproof bag (if not water-resistant, look into sealer spray) especially on the bottom of the bag
Clothes: bring less and wash more often
Pack dark clothes that don’t wrinkle
Avoid delicates
Bring waterproof shoes
Think layers
Wear Polypropylene or other fast-drying material
Be attentive to local attire
Sample of what clothes to pack:
5 shirts (long and short-sleeved)
1 sweater
2 pairs of pants
1 pair of shorts (doubles as a swimsuit for guys)
Swimsuit (women)
Pajamas and/or warm-up suit
5 pairs of underwear and socks
Walking shoes and/or hiking boots, depending on the locations of your travels
Small towel (super thin, quickly dries)
Ziplock bags
Camera
Phone with alarm or clock with alarm
First aid kit with Neosporin
Any medicines or pain killers
Sunglasses
If you have contacts, bring extra pairs, plus your glasses in a case
Reading material and music for the trains and waiting
Address list of contacts (Office of Global Programs, family, and friends)
Notebook and pen for journaling
Money
ATM and Credit Cards
Keep a copy of your ATM card, credit card, and passport at your home base (host family, dorm, apartment) with the numbers to your bank, credit card company, and home country embassy, in case they are stolen.
Let your bank and credit card company know that you will be out of the country and how long you will be out.
Ask your bank where your ATM card will be accepted and if your pin number will work in your country (some countries only take 4 digits).
Approve someone at home to access your bank account.
Carry a calling card so that you can call and cancel ATM and credit cards quickly.
Keep Your Money Close (easy to reach, but hard to steal)
Keep your wallet in the front pocket or hooked to a belt loop.
Carry your purse like a messenger bag.
Use neck pouches or money belts; keep all your important items on you.
Distribute money; don’t have it all in one location.
When sitting down and your bag is not on you, place the bag on your lap and put the strap around your leg.
When standing in a crowd put your backpack in front of you or put your back to a wall.
Use a safety pin to lock your zippers.
Transportation
Plane
Research budget airlines in your host region before you leave.
For a better deal, be flexible.
Be conscious of weight restrictions for luggage.
Plan to arrive at the airport early.
Airline Fees: The Ultimate Guide
Bus
Know whether it is a direct bus route or one that makes frequent stops.
Know whether there is security on the bus, such as a guard and a bag check.
Know the different classes of buses so you can weigh the options of prices and levels of comfort.
Check if there are bathrooms on the bus.
For security, try to sit toward the front of the bus