or hooked to a belt loop.
Carry your purse like a messenger bag.
Use neck pouches or money belts; keep all your important items on you.
Distribute money; don’t have it all in one location.
When sitting down and your bag is not on you, place the bag on your lap and put the strap around your leg.
When standing in a crowd put your backpack in front of you or put your back to a wall.
Use a safety pin to lock your zippers.
Transportation
Plane
Research budget airlines in your host region before you leave.
For a better deal, be flexible.
Be conscious of weight restrictions for luggage.
Plan to arrive at the airport early.
Airline Fees: The Ultimate Guide
Bus
Know whether it is a direct bus route or one that makes frequent stops.
Know whether there is security on the bus, such as a guard and a bag check.
Know the different classes of buses so you can weigh the options of prices and levels of comfort.
Check if there are bathrooms on the bus.
For security, try to sit toward the front of the bus and the driver.
While buses are slower than trains or planes, it might be worth the cost discount and the opportunity to slowly see more of the country.
Train
Always inquire about a student discount.
Start off traveling short distances and then add to your plans.
Rate the benefits of the Inter-city train vs. regional train. For example, regional trains make more stops and are slower.
Plan to use overnight train cars and sleep on the train if you're traveling a long distance.
Hostels

Definition: lodging that is usually less expensive than a hotel, often designed with young travelers in mind.

Accommodations can be very basic and not always private.
They often provide a kitchen or lounge where people relax.
They usually provide the opportunity to meet people from all around the world.
Call ahead and make a reservation for stays during peak season.
Always check the room: bed quality, bathroom quality, security (doors, windows).
Know the damage and checkout policies.
Keep safety in mind and be conscious of the location within the city.
Be wary of people advertising hostels or rooms for rent at airports and train and bus stations.
Try to find several hostels located in the same area so you can shop around.
Guidebooks
Guidebooks act as a travel advisor, help you understand the culture, and provide travel, lodging, and restaurant recommendations.
Popular major guidebooks are Lonely Planet, Let’s Go, Rough Guides, and Insight Guides.
Decide how you want to spend your time, such as exploring the region's history or spending time on the beach.
Go to a bookstore and compare different guidebooks. Pick one of your destinations and compare what each guidebook says about that single location.
Consider each guidebook's theme (i.e. budget travel, insider’s view, or adventure travel).
Look at the maps. Are they easy to read? How detailed are they?
Be conscious of the size and weight of the book because you'll be traveling and taking this book with you.
All guidebooks are at least one year old, so never assume that the prices are the same or the restaurants are still open.
Communications
Cell Phones
Consider buying or renting a cell phone in your host country, or adjust your current phone so that it works abroad.
Talk with someone familiar with your host country about cell phone recommendations.
Contact your host program or institution for any information on what former students have done and ask about companies that provide discounted rates for students.
Closely read the terms, agreements, policy, and rates of the cell phone service.
Internet
Just as in your home country, Internet access can vary depending on location.
Try online video-conferencing through providers such as Skype or Gmail.
Plan ahead and set up accounts and video cameras with friends and family prior to leaving. This way you can work out the bugs ahead of time.
The Experience
Travel as much as you can. Soak up the atmosphere and culture. Take as many photos as you can and write a journal, so you can remember everything you saw and everything you felt.
Plan your flight to arrive in the morning or early afternoon.
It can be difficult to arrive in a foreign city at night.
Memorize a few key phrases in the local language of each country you are visiting (Hello. Do you speak English? Where is _____?).
Be confident when traveling. Fake it if necessary. Pickpockets and scam artists go after the most likely target: people with big fold-out maps or people looking through their pockets and backpack for cash.
Be suspicious of people who are too friendly and too willing to help you.
Plan things out, but be flexible if things change.
Estimate your costs (costs per day, what you want to see in each area) and balance your spending so you don’t run out of money halfway through your trip.
Know how much you are spending by understanding the currency conversion in each country.
Don't be shy about speaking a new language. Just get out there and give it a try. No matter how many mistakes you make