 can remember everything you saw and everything you felt.
Plan your flight to arrive in the morning or early afternoon.
It can be difficult to arrive in a foreign city at night.
Memorize a few key phrases in the local language of each country you are visiting (Hello. Do you speak English? Where is _____?).
Be confident when traveling. Fake it if necessary. Pickpockets and scam artists go after the most likely target: people with big fold-out maps or people looking through their pockets and backpack for cash.
Be suspicious of people who are too friendly and too willing to help you.
Plan things out, but be flexible if things change.
Estimate your costs (costs per day, what you want to see in each area) and balance your spending so you don’t run out of money halfway through your trip.
Know how much you are spending by understanding the currency conversion in each country.
Don't be shy about speaking a new language. Just get out there and give it a try. No matter how many mistakes you make, you'll get better. You will get your point across even if your grammar isn't correct. Practice, be patient, and get out of your comfort zone.
With leaving friends and family, traveling to an unknown place, and meeting new people, studying abroad may be one of the hardest things you have ever done thus far. But, it may become one of the greatest things. It might be tough adjusting in the beginning but after that initial shock wears off, you'll be fine. Trust us, just give it a shot and be patient.
You will be homesick but it quickly goes away and before you know you'll be back home and will wish you were still studying abroad. Take advantage of everything.
It'll take some time but you'll adjust to the culture. Be open to the differences and be outgoing. Get involved in program or school activities.
Move outside your comfort zone. Meet as many people as possible. Try not to choose only students from your home country/school as friends because you are already comfortable with them. If you do, you'll be missing out on a lot.
It's a different system in your new community, country, culture, etc. You can't plan and prepare for every difference. Just be calm and enjoy the experience. No matter what, you will be a different person when you get back. Allow yourself to experience new things, to grow personally, and to learn.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

