https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/programs-abroad/Study-Abroad/cultural-adjustment
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Partner Programs Abroad

Resources
General Information
Program Locations
Related Links
Cultural Adjustment: For Students and Parents
STUDY ABROAD
Cultural Adjustment: For Students and Parents

The cultural adaptation process, or “culture shock,” is an inevitable and important part of the study abroad experience. It is the challenge of adapting to new social, economic, and educational systems, as well as to unfamiliar foods, climate, and language.

Cultural adjustment builds and develops important skills, such as:

Problem-solving abilities
Adaptability
Initiative skills
Confidence
Independence
Empathy
Greater respect for another culture
Appreciation for one’s own culture
Characteristics that mold a highly competitive job candidate
Coping

The key to coping with cultural adjustment for both students and families is patience.

If you receive a flurry of letters, phone calls, or e-mails during the first weeks of the experience, don’t be alarmed or discouraged if your student seems negative about the host culture or program.

Your best response is to be sympathetic and supportive.
Remind them to give their feelings of irritation and homesickness some time.
Reiterate their long-term goals for the experience and benefits of studying abroad.

However, the Office of Global Programs often receives phone calls from family members who haven’t heard from their children in several days or weeks. After the initial wave of calls home seeking support and a sympathetic ear, your student will adjust to their host culture, make new friends, and gain confidence. Their correspondence may become less frequent as they overcome their initial homesickness.

If you feel that your student is not coping well with cultural adjustment and you have concerns about your student, please contact the Office of Global Programs.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

