ses below to equal 2-3 units:
ARTG 270: Digital Publishing
3

In this course students will develop page layout skills utilizing composition and typographic principles while learning to use Adobe InDesign and the creation of images in Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Photoshop, including text to produce flyers, posters, newsletters, magazines, brochures, calendars, etc. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester.


ARTG 271: Digital Image Manipulation
3

Students will become proficient using Adobe Photoshop in this course, including its applications in graphic design, advertising, web design, animation, and multimedia. Examination of the ways in which complex ideas and messages can be interpreted and represented in visual form will also be included. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall semester.


MUS 221: Beginning Conducting
2

As a beginning study in the craft of conducting, this course will include the basic beat patterns, preparatory and release gestures, and simple non-verbal stylistic cues. Students will conduct a musical ensemble composed of class members.


MUS 215: Music Technology
1

This course will introduce the electronic tools for music making including CD mastering, sequencing, recording, and score production. Offered alternate years.


MUS 382: Contemporary Worship Ensemble Leadership
3

This course will study and apply worship band ensemble leadership principles including the development of an intentional leadership team; the audition process; rehearsal techniques for band and vocal teams; arranging and writing lead sheets and rhythm charts; and the role and direction of a praise choir, organization, and spiritual leadership. Prerequisites: THL 281 and THL 381 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


MUS 441: Handbell Methods and Repertoire
3

This course will study the organization and directing of handbell programs. The one (1)-unit course includes a philosophy of handbell ringing, methods for beginning ringers, materials and equipment, recruitment, and handbell literature for school and church. The two (2)-unit course adds literature, curriculum, and methods for more advanced ringers, small ensembles, and solos. The three (3)-unit course adds work in composition and arranging for handbells as well as advanced conducting. Prerequisites for one (1) or two (2) units: Experience with handbell ringing and familiarity with musical notation; for the three (3)-unit course: MUS 202 and MUS 222.

MUS 461: Music for Children
3

This course will enable students to identify, understand, and work with the music capabilities of children. The three (3)-unit course is required for music education and liberal studies majors and others interested in developing school music curricula and/or other special skills and projects. The two (2)-unit course is available to others primarily interested in preparing musical activities and cultivating classroom teaching skills. Basic music reading ability and musical experience recommended.


MUS 471: Choral Methods and Repertoire
3

This advanced choral music methods course will focus on repertoire, rehearsal management, advanced conducting techniques, vocal pedagogy, planning, and administration. Prerequisites: MUS 202 and MUS 222 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


THR 261: Acting I
3

As an introduction to basic acting techniques, this course will examine ways to construct the interior, physical, and vocal life of a character, teach warm-up procedures and staging principles including scene analysis, performance of monologues, and improvisations. There may be an additional charge for field trips.


Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

