orld Health Organization (WHO)

WHO has prepared a Pandemic Influenza Preparedness Plan you may wish to review.
WHO does not recommend travel restrictions related to the outbreak of the influenza A (H1NI) virus.
Follow normal precautions for flu prevention: wash your hands frequently; cough and sneeze into your sleeve; get adequate rest; avoid touching your mouth or nose; don't share foods and beverages.
Each country and/or study abroad program may have individual rules or procedures.
If you are quarantined in a country upon arrival for exhibiting symptoms, call us at 949-838-6959.
People who are ill should delay their travel plans.
Eating and Drinking Abroad
Food and Water Precautions
Food and water safety is mostly a concern in tropical regions.
Remember the produce rule: peel it, cook it, or forget it!
Ask your program staff whether you should drink the water. If the answer is no or to be careful, drink only bottled or boiled water; don't drink beverages with ice made from tap water; and avoid raw salads.
Avoid unpasteurized milk and cheese.
Eat food while it's hot.
Avoid food that's been frozen, thawed, and then re-frozen.
Be wary of consuming food sold by street vendors.
Alcohol
Alcohol-related illnesses and mishaps can be a big problem when studying abroad.
The most commonly reported alcohol-related problems include students’ difficulty in getting home safely and students getting into arguments.
Be a responsible, intelligent drinker.
Remember that the right to drink is governed by laws and that you must obey the laws of your host country.
Alcohol's effects on the body depend on:
Food or other chemicals in the body, bodyweight, an individual’s drinking history and alcohol tolerance, a person’s state of emotional/physical health, altitude, heat, and other variables.
Respect other people's right to abstain.
Mental Health
Stress & Fatigue
Cultural adjustment issues may cause unanticipated physical reactions such as:
Depression
Sleep loss
Appetite changes
Mood swings
Sluggishness
Stress
Stress and fatigue will take a toll on your body's immune system.
You may need more sleep while abroad than you normally do at home.

To feel better:

Talk to others (students, resident director, etc.) about adjustment issues.
Do not overdo it - rest is essential for good health and overall well-being.
Remember Compound Effects
Jet lag + Drinking + Stress + Languages Barrier + Homesickness...

The more adjustments you are coping with, the more you need to take care of yourself.

Health Insurance and Immunizations
Read your policy carefully and keep your insurance card with you at all times.
Some host countries or programs require you to purchase additional insurance.
All students studying abroad through Concordia University programs are required to have insurance. Be sure to review the insurance details before your departure.
Note: There are exclusions to many insurance policies; please be aware of them. In particular, many policies exclude coverage for: "Injury sustained while under the influence of...the effects of intoxicating liquor or drugs..." and "Injury sustained while taking part in mountaineering where ropes or guides are normally used; hang gliding, parachuting, bungee jumping, racing by horse, motor vehicle or motorcycle, parasailing."
Check your immunization status and update it as needed.
Immunizations may need to be given two months or more before departure, so be aware of this timeline and schedule your shots accordingly.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

