https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege/center-for-worship-leadership/about
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Worship Leadership
About 
Gather 
Resources 
Songwriter
Certificate
Give
About
ABOUT CWL 
Who We Are

On the campus of Concordia University Irvine, CWL partners with the music and theology faculties to train and equip the next-generation of worship arts leaders and church musicians through the Director of Parish Music Minor. At the core of our work, however, is the commitment to support church leaders and songwriters currently serving in church contexts through initiatives like the Worship Arts Leader Initiative, The Songwriter Initiative, The Liturgy Initiative, the CWL Podcast Network, the Theology of Worship Certificate Program, and The Psalm Library. For more information see the "Initiatives" section below.

LEARN MORE!
Our Mission
The Center for Worship Leadership (CWL) exists to encourage leaders of worship with confessionally Lutheran, contextually artistic, and gospel-rooted resources and experiences.
The 3 Cores

We strongly believe that there are three core competencies of worship arts ministry that should be embraced, practiced, and nurtured. They are:

1. Worship Theology
2. Ministry Leadership
3. Practical Skills
Initiatives

The strength of the Center for Worship Leadership is found in the collaboration and leadership of its many representatives and advocates - ranging from PhD’s to practitioners. There are many ways that we are connecting leaders of worship to sources of empowered learning, experiences of common support, and modes of professional inspiration. We hope you find something here that you can join us in and be encouraged by.

The WALi Summit

Annually gathers leaders of worship, pastors, and musicians to a 3 day experience of plenary speakers, breakouts, worship, mutual support, and in-depth training.

Learn more about The WALi Summit 

The Psalm Library

Bi-annually produces Psalm arrangements and settings for use in worship.

Learn more about The Psalm Library 

Podcast Network

Podcast - hosts monthly conversations with leading thinkers in topics of theology and worship.

Listen to Our Podcast Network

The Songwriter Initiative

Supports songwriters in their calling to champion musical art and theological richness in their craft by providing monthly curated articles on songwriting, online webinars, professional gathering events and collective resources.

Learn more about the CWL Songwriter Initiative 

The Liturgies Initiative

Collaborates to produce in-depth liturgy and service order templates that go alongside small group materials, sermon series, or seasons of the church year.

Learn more about CWL Liturgies 

Worship Planning  Suite

Worship Planning Suite is an interface that supports the weekly work of worship leaders and pastors. Featuring a song consideration archive, theological/cultural encyclopedia, tutorial videos for teams, a digital library, book reviews, and community interfacing, we are currently working on phase 1 of this project.

Contact Us

For more information about the Center for Worship Leadership feel free to reach out to us directly at cwl@cui.edu.

 
 
CONTACT US
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

