https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege/center-for-worship-leadership/resources
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Worship Leadership
About 
Gather 
Resources 
Songwriter
Certificate
Give
Resources
RESOURCES 
The Center Blog
Take Me With You - A Theological Reflection by Dr. Leopoldo A. Sánchez M.

By Leopoldo A. Sánchez M. Ph.D.

The song “Take Me With You” begins with the bridge, which sets a proper tone for approaching the Spirit in prayer. Talking on the psalmist’s posture of wonder before God, the song begins and ends with an address to the Holy Spirit in the form of two questions: “Where are You going? / Where are You leading?” Rather than seeking to discern the Spirit’s movement and direction on his own, the supplicant humbly asks the Holy Spirit to take control and guide him on a journey to grasp more deeply His works in creation and in his own life: “Take me with You / Can I come with You?”

Review - In Defense of Christian Ritual

By Rev. Steve Zank

In his book In Defense of Christian Ritual: The Case for a Biblical Pattern of Worship, David Andersen made two significant arguments. First, he argued that worship practices deeply and stubbornly form the beliefs and culture of the church — both institutionally and individually. As a specialist in Christian apologetics, Andersen made this argument with the same methods he used to defend the historical resurrection of Jesus, namely, the collective insights of anthropology, psychology, neurology, epistemology and the social sciences.

Church Music in Cultural Contexts-beyond the metaphors of gourmet and fast food

By Rev. Dr. Jim Marriot

Culture matters. Context matters. Through certain practices, we can learn to value culture. We can learn to value the uniqueness of culture that guards us from cultural elitism. We can learn to value the inherent meanings of cultural symbols that keeps us from misappropriating culture. This, as the Newsboys so eloquently taught us years ago, is truly how we learn to sing the “song of the redeemed.”

Pragmatics and Theology of Worship

By Rev. Dr. David W. Loy

Worship is never theologically neutral. Every worship form can be analyzed in terms of its pragmatics—that is, what it seeks to accomplish. Analyzing the pragmatics of the service will uncover the theological presuppositions lurking beneath the surface of the worship form. Does the service seek to elicit a response from worshipers? This suggests one understanding of worship. Does the service aim to proclaim forgiveness? This suggests a different understanding of worship. Those who plan worship can analyze the worship forms they use to see whether the pragmatics stand up to theological scrutiny.

Reckless Love and The Different Things People Mean When They Sing

By Rev. Steve Zank

Leaders of congregational singing take on a meaningful but difficult role in the church. For example, they must plan services for the whole congregation while the people often disagree about which songs are meaningful/appropriate in church. While many of these disagreements are unavoidable and reflect clashing theological traditions, there is another force at work in the way songs are appropriated in the church. Namely, even though individuals come together to express their common faith in worship, worship remains the expression of distinct individuals. This phenomenon is explored through the popular worship song: "Reckless Love."

The What and Why of Worship from a Who's Perspective

By Jon Jordening

In our common life as Christians we encourage one another as baptized brothers and sisters in Christ, to regularly join together with thankful hearts in the presence of the Triune God. Worship, as celebration, expresses the love we have for Father, Son, and Spirit. But that’s only half of the story of worship. The reason WHY we gather is the most important part –– He first loved us in his Son, Jesus!



Previous Story


Next Story
Podcast Network

We teach that there are three core competencies of worship arts ministry that should be embraced, practiced, and nurtured. We continue to explore these 3 competencies through the Center for Worship Leadership Podcast Network. Our shows are:

Theology in Motion

Join Steve Zank for conversations about the theology of Christian worship and how it is related to practice, design, and culture. The "Theology in Motion" podcast is produced by the Center For Worship Leadership, Christ College, Concordia University Irvine, CA. "Theology In Motion" is a part of the Center for Worship Leadership Podcast Network.

 Amazon Music  Apple Podcasts  Libsyn  Spotify
On the Ground Floor

Join Matt Preston as he leads conversations with real life ministry leaders as they share the wisdom of their experience in worship leadership. Just as it is important to get a 30k foot view of concepts and ideas, theology and philosophy, it is important to see those ideas lived out as we encourage and lead our local churches. Join us for monthly conversations here on the ground floor. The "On the Ground Floor" podcast is produced by the Center For Worship Leadership, Christ College, Concordia University Irvine, CA.

 Amazon Music  Apple Podcasts  Libsyn  Spotify
How the Soup is Made

Join host Corey Witt for interviews with worship musicians, as he explores musical questions of growth through the lens of practical applications and practical skills - hence the title: "How the Soup is Made." We're going behind the scenes on what skills it takes to get better and better at doing the work of a worship musician and practitioner. "How the Soup is Made" is a part of the Center for Worship Leadership Podcast Network.

 Apple Podcasts  Libsyn  Spotify
The Psalm Library

Miikka E. Anttila calls Ephesians 5:19 the “words of institution” of church music that we speak “to one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody to the Lord with all your heart.” While churches often have many resources to facilitate the singing of hymns and other spiritual songs, Psalm arrangements are often less accessible.

The Center for Worship Leadership Psalm Library provides the church with these settings to continue in this tradition of the people of God engaging in and singing the Psalms as a part of their gatherings. Psalm singing connects us to the ancient church, but even more importantly, to Christ. After all, the Old Testament book Jesus quoted the most was the Psalms!

Psalm 56 (Your Promise)
By Kip Fox and Paul Elliot, Copyright 2023

STREAM THE SONGS

V1

All day long, i’m surrounded
All day long, i am overwhelmed
With the sound of the walls closing in

All day long, You have listened
All day long, You have turned Your ear
To the sound of my hands trembling
So while You’re listening

Chorus

I will praise You
For Your promise
To deliver me from my enemies
I will trust You
In defiance
Of what fear may say, I will not be afraid
For, my God, You’re on my side
And what other hope have I,
Than what You have promised?

V2

All day long, You defend me
All day long, You have caught my tears
So I’ll sing til’ my heart can believe
That my God is for me

Chorus 2

I will praise You
For Your promise
To deliver me from my enemies
I will trust You
In defiance
Of what fear may say, I will not be afraid
For, my God, You’re on my side

Bridge

I will praise you
Before I see the end
Of this story
You have saved me from death
Lord, my feet are secure
As I walk in the light of Your presence

Chorus 1

I will praise You
For Your promise
To deliver me from my enemies
I will trust You
In defiance
Of what fear may say, I will not be afraid
For, my God, You’re on my side
And what other hope have I,
Than what You have promised?

Than what You promised

Paul Elliott

Dr. Elliott received his Ph.D. and M. Phil. from Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion and is the lead professor of Hebrew for Concordia University Irvine's Christ College. Dr. Elliott published “The Israel of God in the Sermon: Connecting Old Testament Texts to New Testament People” in Feasting in a Famine of the Word in 2016 and is preparing a commentary on the prophet Habakkuk.

Kip Fox

Kip has been leading worship for 12 years and writing songs for 20. As a nationally recognized songwriter and worship leader he has had several artists record his songs. He currently serves as a worship leader at St. Luke Lutheran Church in Mesa, AZ, and is a student in the MA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Psalm 65 (Hope Has an Answer) Radio Edit
By Kip Fox and Mike Middendorf, Copyright 2022
V1

God in Zion, You have heard our prayer
Blessed are your people far and near
All you wounded, weary and alone
Look now our salvation is made known

Chorus

All of the questions that come in the night
All of the hours we pray for the light
Every longing that wakes with the morn
Hope has an answer, the Savior is born

V2

Through him every mountain finds its peak
Raging seas fall silent when he speaks
All things hold together by his hand
Rivers flow and blessings fill these lands

Bridge

And on the farthest seas
Tales of your awesome deeds
Will bring the greatest powers to their knees

Mike Middendorf

Michael P. Middendorf is professor of theology in Christ College at Concordia University Irvine. Raised in St. Paul, Minnesota, Dr. Middendorf received all of his education at Lutheran schools, including a B.A. in pre-seminary studies from Concordia University-St. Paul (1981). He worked there for three years as an admissions counselor and guest instructor of Greek before enrolling at Concordia Seminary, St. Louis, MO, where he earned his M.Div. (1987), S.T.M. (1989), and Th.D. (1990) degrees. Before he began working at Concordia Irvine in 2001, Dr. Middendorf served as a parish pastor in North Dakota and taught at Concordia University Texas. Mike is the author of the CPH commentary on Romans.

Kip Fox

Kip has been leading worship for 12 years and writing songs for 20. As a nationally recognized songwriter and worship leader he has had several artists record his songs. He currently serves as a worship leader at St. Luke Lutheran Church in Mesa, AZ, and is a student in the MA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Psalm 72 (Long Live the King)
By Paul Elliott and Kip Fox, Copyright 2020
LISTEN TO THE MAKING OF 
V1

There is a king who rides on the heavens
His coming lifts the eyes of the poor
For all the powers of their oppressor
Can hurt them no more

He is a king like no one before him
His justice falls like rain on the hills
And all who live their lives with that hunger
Will have their fill

C

Long live the King
Forever he shall reign
Let the heavens ring with his praise
Long live the King
The sun and moon will fade
His kingdom never passing away
Long live the King

V2

There is a righteous fire in his footsteps
An everlasting peace in his wake
He is the king from ocean to ocean
And age to age
Age to age

B

Humbled low in a manger
Lifted high on a tree
Rose, victorious savior
Jesus Christ, our King

Paul Elliott

Dr. Elliott received his Ph.D. and M. Phil. from Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion and is the lead professor of Hebrew for Concordia University Irvine's Christ College. Dr. Elliott published “The Israel of God in the Sermon: Connecting Old Testament Texts to New Testament People” in Feasting in a Famine of the Word in 2016 and is preparing a commentary on the prophet Habakkuk.

Kip Fox

Kip has been leading worship for 12 years and writing songs for 20. As a nationally recognized songwriter and worship leader he has had several artists record his songs. He currently serves as a worship leader at St. Luke Lutheran Church in Mesa, AZ, and is a student in the MA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Psalm 130 (Out of the Depths)
by CJ Armstrong and Kip Fox, Copyright 2021
V1

Out of the depths I cry
You hear my voice and you do not turn your eye
Away from me
Out of the depths I cry
In your great mercy, you will come from on high
To rescue me

C

If you Lord, kept a list of all our sin
Then who Lord, who of us could stand
With you Lord, the turning of our hearts begins
With your forgiving hand

Br

My body, my spirit, my heart and my soul
Are watching, are waiting, are holding to hope
Like watchmen are waiting for morning to come
I wait for the dawn of your unfailing love

Br 2

O church, arise, lift your head, look up
For with the Lord is unfailing love
Redemption comes with the morning sun
So put your hope in the Risen One

CJ Armstrong

CJ Armstrong is associate professor of history and theology at Concordia University Irvine and assistant pastor at Holy Trinity Lutheran Church, Hacienda Heights, CA. He has a PhD from University California Irvine, and especially enjoys teaching Greek and Latin language and readings, ancient history, mythology, social history, and the Bible. He is also the director of CUI's honors program.

Kip Fox

Kip has been leading worship for 12 years and writing songs for 20. As a nationally recognized songwriter and worship leader he has had several artists record his songs. He currently serves as a worship leader at St. Luke Lutheran Church in Mesa, AZ, and is a student in the MA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Psalm 42 (The Longest Night)
By Kip Fox, Adam Countryman, and Tim Saleska, Copyright 2021
LISTEN TO THE MAKING OF 
V1

Just as a deer longs for streams
There is an ache in my soul
To see the living God
When will I find my way home?

As mornings turn into nights
I've tasted only my tears
My foes are mocking me,
“Why has He left you here?”

C

Why are you downcast, oh my soul?
Why such a troubled mind?
I will praise and put my hope
In my Savior and my God

V2

All of these memories are strong
As I cry out in despair
I hear the sounds of the crowd
I see your people in prayer

I used to lead them in song
Echo their shouts with my own
I walked with multitudes
Now I walk alone

B

And the deep calls to deep
All your waves and your breakers fall over me
Your love carries me
Through the longest night I sing

Kip Fox

Kip has been leading worship for 12 years and writing songs for 20. As a nationally recognized songwriter and worship leader he has had several artists record his songs. He currently serves as a worship leader at St. Luke Lutheran Church in Mesa, AZ, and is a student in the MA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Tim Saleska

Dr. Timothy E. Saleska is professor of Exegetical Theology and dean of Ministerial Formation at Concordia Seminary, St. Louis. Saleska is the author of many books including the first volume of commentary on the Psalms, Psalms 1–50, in the Concordia Commentary Series (Concordia Publishing House, 2020)

Adam Countryman

Adam is a worship consultant at Countryman Consulting who has served the church in many capacities, including Music Director at Concordia Lutheran Church in San Antonio and National Youth Gathering House band director.

Psalm 16 (Resurrection Day)
By Kip Fox and Reed Lessing, Copyright 2022
V1

Apart from you there is no goodness
You are my portion, Lord
A solid rock, a mighty fortress
You make my lot secure

I know that my inheritance
Reaches beyond the bounds of death
My boundary lines drawn with a cross,
Marked with my Savior's living breath

V2

Deep in the night when I awaken
Your word is magnified
It tells me I will not be shaken
You're always by my side

PRE
Chorus

My heart is glad
My spirit rejoices
Your path leads to life
My future is known
You will not leave me down in the grave
I'm yours forever
This is my resurrection day

Kip Fox

Kip has been leading worship for 12 years and writing songs for 20. As a nationally recognized songwriter and worship leader he has had several artists record his songs. He currently serves as a worship leader at St. Luke Lutheran Church in Mesa, AZ, and is a student in the MA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Reed Lessing

Dr. Reed Lessing is a Professor of Theology and Ministry at Concordia University and Director of the Center for Biblical Studies. A Pastor with over twenty years of parish ministry and a professor with fourteen years as a professor at Concordia Seminary in St. Louis, he is the author of five commentaries in the Concordia Commentary Series—Isaiah 40–55, Isaiah 56–66, Amos, Jonah, and Zechariah, several books on the Old Testament, and sermon series, Bible Studies, and devotional booklets for Concordia Publishing House, Concordia Seminary, and Creative Communications for the Parish.

Psalm 1 (That Man)
By Chad Bird, Kip Fox and Ben Lange, Copyright 2023
V1

Blessed is that man who did not walk in the wisdom of this world
Blessed is that man who never faltered
Blessed is that man who set his heart on the teachings of the Lord
Blessed is that man who knew His Father

Chorus

He’s like a tree
Down by the living water
Strong and tall he stands
He’s evergreen
Blooming on every branch
Blessed is that man

V2

Blessed are the ones who plant their feet on the path of righteousness
Blessed are the ones who've been forgiven
Blessed are the ones find that shade and lie down and get some rest
Blessed are the ones who trust in Jesus

Bridge

He is the vine, we are the branches
We will abide and we will grow

Chad Bird

Chad Bird is a Scholar in Residence at 1517. He has served as a pastor, professor, and guest lecturer in Old Testament and Hebrew. He holds master’s degrees from Concordia Theological Seminary and Hebrew Union College. He has contributed articles to Christianity Today, The Gospel Coalition, Modern Reformation, The Federalist, Lutheran Forum, and other journals and websites. He is also the author of several books, including The Christ Key & Limping with God.

Kip Fox

Kip is a songwriter and the Director of The Songwriter Initiative…an initiative of the Center for Worship Leadership at Concordia University Irvine. He holds an MA in Theology from CUI and over twenty years of experience as a songwriter and Director of Parish Music. His passion is to find, connect and develop songwriters and composers in the church. Kip also teaches Songwriting for CUI's Commercial Music program.

Ben Lange

Ben Lange is a worship leader at Faith - Oakville in St Louis Missouri. Music has always provided a beautiful and powerful connection point between him and Jesus. Married with two small boys, Ben loves making a joyful noise with his cacophonous crew, banging on the living room piano and an old guitar. Since high school, songwriting has been a vehicle for worship and praise in his personal life. At church, he is passionate about leading fellow believers in worship, and also feels called to equip the next generation of worship leaders, working with students and young adults.

Psalms Charts
Free Resources
Fill out the information below to receive free charts & lead sheets!
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Zip Code 
Your Church Home 
Select the psalm you would like the charts/lead sheets for 
Please select
Psalm 56 (Your Promise)
Psalm 65 (Hope Has an Answer) Radio Edit
Psalm 72 (Long Live the King)
Psalm 130 (Out of the Depths)
Psalm 42 (The Longest Night)
Psalm 16 (Resurrection Day)
Psalm 1 (That Man)
SUBMIT
The Songwriter Initiative - Free Resources
Fill out the information below to receive free charts & lead sheets!
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Zip Code 
Your Church Home 
Select the song you would like charts/lead sheets for 
Please select
Todah Yahweh
What I Found
God Who Bleeds
Surrounding Me
Without Hesitation
Take Me With You
Even This
Come to Bethany
Inhale
SUBMIT
Liturgies

A good service order, liturgy, or planning template builds meaning and connection at each step. The church has many such resources available, especially in our hymnals, but little is available to those attempting to leverage modern tools in service to the gospel in worship. To provide turnkey resources and curate helpful models, CWL annually produces liturgies in both modern and traditional formats.

In the midst of an often polarized worship culture, the Center for Worship Leadership sets out on a middle way. We recognize that an “anything goes” mentality of worship insufficiently represents how worship shapes believing, and fails to acknowledge that worship is in service to the gospel. A good service order, liturgy, or planning template builds meaning and connection each step of the way, pointing toward, and stemming from, the gospel of Jesus Christ. Indeed, as we understand from our Lutheran heritage, our orders of worship “must serve for the promotion of faith and love and not be a detriment to faith” (Luther).

As a training organization we recognize that in many situations people are best served by “learning to fish.” We also understand, however, that there are many ministry leaders within the church who are well served by using, and learning from, a resource that has been created for them. For this reason, the Center for Worship Leadership endeavors to provide orders of worship as a resource for the church. Certainly, our hope is that these liturgies will help those who plan modern worship services. The CWL, however, aspires to support the whole church and is committed to writing liturgical resources that will serve the two broadly defined modes of expression – modern and traditional.

2023 Holy Week Writing Retreat

This material was created at a writing retreat hosted by the Center for Worship Leadership (CWL) of Concordia University Irvine. There, a team of creative writers, theologians, and writers worked together to create the following tools for you to consider, adjust and use for your Holy Week services. Thanks for downloading and please keep the following caveats in mind as you engage the material:

Each group was asked to focus on the poetics and focus of one of the pericopal readings. For example, Maundy Thursday 1 was written with the Exodus readings especially in view, while Maundy Thursday 2 was written with the poetics of the Psalm in view. This was done to see what kind of variety could be created liturgically, akin to a Pastor preaching primarily on one of the texts of the lectionary. This creative endeavor was the first step in the larger vision of creating an online worship planning tool.
Not all of the following materials will work in every context - each local liturgist will need to use wisdom in selecting and adapting these resources. Please feel free to cut, paste, and change the materials as suits your context. Also, please use them without crediting the liturgical authors or CWL in your bulletin. We do not offer these resources as a turn-key resource, nor do we offer these as complete Holy Week services. You might like a particular call to worship, or a confession as it fits with your sermon or set of songs. You might like several of the components within one of the sets and integrate them into your service flow. You might not find anything here helpful for your context, maybe you are simply inspired by something you read.
We hope that engaging, reflecting and using these resources enriches your Holy Week services and the proclamation of Christ’s death and resurrection for us!

2023 HOLY WEEK LITURGIES

Good Friday: The Seven Words of Jesus from the Cross

Poetry can help us engage familiar ideas in new and stimulating ways. The CWL Liturgy Initiative is proud to share a poetic presentation of the seven words of Jesus on the cross for you to consider for your Good Friday service. As with all our content, the liturgy has gone through a doctrinal review process. By Rev. Caleb Adams of Bend, OR.

GOOD FRIDAY: THE SEVEN WORDS OF JESUS FROM THE CROSS

WALi One-Day Services

The WALi One Day is a single-day event, designed to support your community in a particular way. Bring a team member to your area to help facilitate empowered learning, common support, and professional inspiration in one of the following areas. Don't see what you're interested in here? We also put together custom events, email us at cwl@cui.edu!

Media Integration (Dante, Planning Center Services, Audio Systems, etc.)
Liturgical / Modern Service Design
Songwriting Workshop
Band Workshops
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

