ry
In your great mercy, you will come from on high
To rescue me

C

If you Lord, kept a list of all our sin
Then who Lord, who of us could stand
With you Lord, the turning of our hearts begins
With your forgiving hand

Br

My body, my spirit, my heart and my soul
Are watching, are waiting, are holding to hope
Like watchmen are waiting for morning to come
I wait for the dawn of your unfailing love

Br 2

O church, arise, lift your head, look up
For with the Lord is unfailing love
Redemption comes with the morning sun
So put your hope in the Risen One

CJ Armstrong

CJ Armstrong is associate professor of history and theology at Concordia University Irvine and assistant pastor at Holy Trinity Lutheran Church, Hacienda Heights, CA. He has a PhD from University California Irvine, and especially enjoys teaching Greek and Latin language and readings, ancient history, mythology, social history, and the Bible. He is also the director of CUI's honors program.

Kip Fox

Kip has been leading worship for 12 years and writing songs for 20. As a nationally recognized songwriter and worship leader he has had several artists record his songs. He currently serves as a worship leader at St. Luke Lutheran Church in Mesa, AZ, and is a student in the MA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Psalm 42 (The Longest Night)
By Kip Fox, Adam Countryman, and Tim Saleska, Copyright 2021
LISTEN TO THE MAKING OF 
V1

Just as a deer longs for streams
There is an ache in my soul
To see the living God
When will I find my way home?

As mornings turn into nights
I've tasted only my tears
My foes are mocking me,
“Why has He left you here?”

C

Why are you downcast, oh my soul?
Why such a troubled mind?
I will praise and put my hope
In my Savior and my God

V2

All of these memories are strong
As I cry out in despair
I hear the sounds of the crowd
I see your people in prayer

I used to lead them in song
Echo their shouts with my own
I walked with multitudes
Now I walk alone

B

And the deep calls to deep
All your waves and your breakers fall over me
Your love carries me
Through the longest night I sing

Kip Fox

Kip has been leading worship for 12 years and writing songs for 20. As a nationally recognized songwriter and worship leader he has had several artists record his songs. He currently serves as a worship leader at St. Luke Lutheran Church in Mesa, AZ, and is a student in the MA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Tim Saleska

Dr. Timothy E. Saleska is professor of Exegetical Theology and dean of Ministerial Formation at Concordia Seminary, St. Louis. Saleska is the author of many books including the first volume of commentary on the Psalms, Psalms 1–50, in the Concordia Commentary Series (Concordia Publishing House, 2020)

Adam Countryman

Adam is a worship consultant at Countryman Consulting who has served the church in many capacities, including Music Director at Concordia Lutheran Church in San Antonio and National Youth Gathering House band director.

Psalm 16 (Resurrection Day)
By Kip Fox and Reed Lessing, Copyright 2022
V1

Apart from you there is no goodness
You are my portion, Lord
A solid rock, a mighty fortress
You make my lot secure

I know that my inheritance
Reaches beyond the bounds of death
My boundary lines drawn with a cross,
Marked with my Savior's living breath

V2

Deep in the night when I awaken
Your word is magnified
It tells me I will not be shaken
You're always by my side

PRE
Chorus

My heart is glad
My spirit rejoices
Your path leads to life
My future is known
You will not leave me down in the grave
I'm yours forever
This is my resurrection day

Kip Fox

Kip has been leading worship for 12 years and writing songs for 20. As a nationally recognized songwriter and worship leader he has had several artists record his songs. He currently serves as a worship leader at St. Luke Lutheran Church in Mesa, AZ, and is a student in the MA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Reed Lessing

Dr. Reed Lessing is a Professor of Theology and Ministry at Concordia University and Director of the Center for Biblical Studies. A Pastor with over twenty years of parish ministry and a professor with fourteen years as a professor at Concordia Seminary in St. Louis, he is the author of five commentaries in the Concordia Commentary Series—Isaiah 40–55, Isaiah 56–66, Amos, Jonah, and Zechariah, several books on the Old Testament, and sermon series, Bible Studies, and devotional booklets for Concordia Publishing House, Concordia Seminary, and Creative Communications for the Parish.

Psalm 1 (That Man)
By Chad Bird, Kip Fox and Ben Lange, Copyright 2023
V1

Blessed is that man who did not walk in the wisdom of this world
Blessed is that man who never faltered
Blessed is that man who set his heart on the teachings of the Lord
Blessed is that man who knew His Father

Chorus

He’s like a tree
Down by the living water
Strong and tall he stands
He’s evergreen
Blooming on every branch
Blessed is that man

V2

Blessed are the ones who pla