and Ministry at Concordia University and Director of the Center for Biblical Studies. A Pastor with over twenty years of parish ministry and a professor with fourteen years as a professor at Concordia Seminary in St. Louis, he is the author of five commentaries in the Concordia Commentary Series—Isaiah 40–55, Isaiah 56–66, Amos, Jonah, and Zechariah, several books on the Old Testament, and sermon series, Bible Studies, and devotional booklets for Concordia Publishing House, Concordia Seminary, and Creative Communications for the Parish.

Psalm 1 (That Man)
By Chad Bird, Kip Fox and Ben Lange, Copyright 2023
V1

Blessed is that man who did not walk in the wisdom of this world
Blessed is that man who never faltered
Blessed is that man who set his heart on the teachings of the Lord
Blessed is that man who knew His Father

Chorus

He’s like a tree
Down by the living water
Strong and tall he stands
He’s evergreen
Blooming on every branch
Blessed is that man

V2

Blessed are the ones who plant their feet on the path of righteousness
Blessed are the ones who've been forgiven
Blessed are the ones find that shade and lie down and get some rest
Blessed are the ones who trust in Jesus

Bridge

He is the vine, we are the branches
We will abide and we will grow

Chad Bird

Chad Bird is a Scholar in Residence at 1517. He has served as a pastor, professor, and guest lecturer in Old Testament and Hebrew. He holds master’s degrees from Concordia Theological Seminary and Hebrew Union College. He has contributed articles to Christianity Today, The Gospel Coalition, Modern Reformation, The Federalist, Lutheran Forum, and other journals and websites. He is also the author of several books, including The Christ Key & Limping with God.

Kip Fox

Kip is a songwriter and the Director of The Songwriter Initiative…an initiative of the Center for Worship Leadership at Concordia University Irvine. He holds an MA in Theology from CUI and over twenty years of experience as a songwriter and Director of Parish Music. His passion is to find, connect and develop songwriters and composers in the church. Kip also teaches Songwriting for CUI's Commercial Music program.

Ben Lange

Ben Lange is a worship leader at Faith - Oakville in St Louis Missouri. Music has always provided a beautiful and powerful connection point between him and Jesus. Married with two small boys, Ben loves making a joyful noise with his cacophonous crew, banging on the living room piano and an old guitar. Since high school, songwriting has been a vehicle for worship and praise in his personal life. At church, he is passionate about leading fellow believers in worship, and also feels called to equip the next generation of worship leaders, working with students and young adults.

Psalms Charts
Free Resources
Fill out the information below to receive free charts & lead sheets!
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Zip Code 
Your Church Home 
Select the psalm you would like the charts/lead sheets for 
Please select
Psalm 56 (Your Promise)
Psalm 65 (Hope Has an Answer) Radio Edit
Psalm 72 (Long Live the King)
Psalm 130 (Out of the Depths)
Psalm 42 (The Longest Night)
Psalm 16 (Resurrection Day)
Psalm 1 (That Man)
SUBMIT
The Songwriter Initiative - Free Resources
Fill out the information below to receive free charts & lead sheets!
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Zip Code 
Your Church Home 
Select the song you would like charts/lead sheets for 
Please select
Todah Yahweh
What I Found
God Who Bleeds
Surrounding Me
Without Hesitation
Take Me With You
Even This
Come to Bethany
Inhale
SUBMIT
Liturgies

A good service order, liturgy, or planning template builds meaning and connection at each step. The church has many such resources available, especially in our hymnals, but little is available to those attempting to leverage modern tools in service to the gospel in worship. To provide turnkey resources and curate helpful models, CWL annually produces liturgies in both modern and traditional formats.

In the midst of an often polarized worship culture, the Center for Worship Leadership sets out on a middle way. We recognize that an “anything goes” mentality of worship insufficiently represents how worship shapes believing, and fails to acknowledge that worship is in service to the gospel. A good service order, liturgy, or planning template builds meaning and connection each step of the way, pointing toward, and stemming from, the gospel of Jesus Christ. Indeed, as we understand from our Lutheran heritage, our orders of worship “must serve for the promotion of faith and love and not be a detriment to faith” (Luther).

As a training organization we recognize that in many situations people are best served by “learning to fish.” We also understand, however, that there are many ministry leaders within the church who are well served by using, and learning from, a resource that has been created for them. For this reason, the Center for Worship Leadership endeavors to provide orders of worship as a reso