 Dr. Elliott published “The Israel of God in the Sermon: Connecting Old Testament Texts to New Testament People” in Feasting in a Famine of the Word in 2016 and is preparing a commentary on the prophet Habakkuk.

Kip Fox

Kip has been leading worship for 12 years and writing songs for 20. As a nationally recognized songwriter and worship leader he has had several artists record his songs. He currently serves as a worship leader at St. Luke Lutheran Church in Mesa, AZ, and is a student in the MA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Psalm 65 (Hope Has an Answer) Radio Edit
By Kip Fox and Mike Middendorf, Copyright 2022
V1

God in Zion, You have heard our prayer
Blessed are your people far and near
All you wounded, weary and alone
Look now our salvation is made known

Chorus

All of the questions that come in the night
All of the hours we pray for the light
Every longing that wakes with the morn
Hope has an answer, the Savior is born

V2

Through him every mountain finds its peak
Raging seas fall silent when he speaks
All things hold together by his hand
Rivers flow and blessings fill these lands

Bridge

And on the farthest seas
Tales of your awesome deeds
Will bring the greatest powers to their knees

Mike Middendorf

Michael P. Middendorf is professor of theology in Christ College at Concordia University Irvine. Raised in St. Paul, Minnesota, Dr. Middendorf received all of his education at Lutheran schools, including a B.A. in pre-seminary studies from Concordia University-St. Paul (1981). He worked there for three years as an admissions counselor and guest instructor of Greek before enrolling at Concordia Seminary, St. Louis, MO, where he earned his M.Div. (1987), S.T.M. (1989), and Th.D. (1990) degrees. Before he began working at Concordia Irvine in 2001, Dr. Middendorf served as a parish pastor in North Dakota and taught at Concordia University Texas. Mike is the author of the CPH commentary on Romans.

Kip Fox

Kip has been leading worship for 12 years and writing songs for 20. As a nationally recognized songwriter and worship leader he has had several artists record his songs. He currently serves as a worship leader at St. Luke Lutheran Church in Mesa, AZ, and is a student in the MA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Psalm 72 (Long Live the King)
By Paul Elliott and Kip Fox, Copyright 2020
LISTEN TO THE MAKING OF 
V1

There is a king who rides on the heavens
His coming lifts the eyes of the poor
For all the powers of their oppressor
Can hurt them no more

He is a king like no one before him
His justice falls like rain on the hills
And all who live their lives with that hunger
Will have their fill

C

Long live the King
Forever he shall reign
Let the heavens ring with his praise
Long live the King
The sun and moon will fade
His kingdom never passing away
Long live the King

V2

There is a righteous fire in his footsteps
An everlasting peace in his wake
He is the king from ocean to ocean
And age to age
Age to age

B

Humbled low in a manger
Lifted high on a tree
Rose, victorious savior
Jesus Christ, our King

Paul Elliott

Dr. Elliott received his Ph.D. and M. Phil. from Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion and is the lead professor of Hebrew for Concordia University Irvine's Christ College. Dr. Elliott published “The Israel of God in the Sermon: Connecting Old Testament Texts to New Testament People” in Feasting in a Famine of the Word in 2016 and is preparing a commentary on the prophet Habakkuk.

Kip Fox

Kip has been leading worship for 12 years and writing songs for 20. As a nationally recognized songwriter and worship leader he has had several artists record his songs. He currently serves as a worship leader at St. Luke Lutheran Church in Mesa, AZ, and is a student in the MA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Psalm 130 (Out of the Depths)
by CJ Armstrong and Kip Fox, Copyright 2021
V1

Out of the depths I cry
You hear my voice and you do not turn your eye
Away from me
Out of the depths I cry
In your great mercy, you will come from on high
To rescue me

C

If you Lord, kept a list of all our sin
Then who Lord, who of us could stand
With you Lord, the turning of our hearts begins
With your forgiving hand

Br

My body, my spirit, my heart and my soul
Are watching, are waiting, are holding to hope
Like watchmen are waiting for morning to come
I wait for the dawn of your unfailing love

Br 2

O church, arise, lift your head, look up
For with the Lord is unfailing love
Redemption comes with the morning sun
So put your hope in the Risen One

CJ Armstrong

CJ Armstrong is associate professor of history and theology at Concordia University Irvine and assistant pastor at Holy Trinity Lutheran Church, Hacienda Heights, CA. He has a PhD from University California Irvine, and especially enjoys teaching Greek and Latin language and readings, ancient history, mythology, social history, and the Bible. He is also the director of CUI's honors program.

Kip Fox

Kip has been leading worsh