https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege/center-for-worship-leadership/songwriter
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Worship Leadership
About 
Gather 
Resources 
Songwriter
Certificate
Give
CENTER FOR WORSHIP LEADERSHIP
Resourcing the Church with Songwriters

The Songwriter Initiative of the Center for Worship Leadership exists to support modern songwriters serving within the LCMS church body and seeks to be a positive resource and influence for those writing for the church-at-large. Music and melody, as a vehicle for the proclamation of the Gospel and expression of praise to God for all that he is and has done for us in Christ, has always been a valued part of our tradition. Necessarily, then, our creativity requires guidance and meaningful training so that those who are called to write in service to the Gospel will benefit. To that end, the Songwriter Initiative exists to support songwriters throughout the church, empowering each artist to create art that glorifies God, while creating a community that shares the common goal of sharing the Gospel message of Jesus.

Kip Fox
Director of CWL Songwriter Initiative

kip.fox@cui.edu

Resources from The Songwriter Initiative
Todah Yahweh
The new single from The Songwriter Initiative!

To stream Todah Yahweh or download free charts, click here:

STREAM THE MUSIC

FREE CHARTS & LEAD SHEETS

What I Found

To stream What I Found or download free charts, click here:

STREAM THE MUSIC

FREE CHARTS & LEAD SHEETS

God Who Bleeds

To stream God Who Bleeds or download free charts, click here:

STREAM THE MUSIC

FREE CHARTS & LEAD SHEETS

Surrounding Me
The new single from The Songwriter Initiative!

To stream “Surrounding Me” or download free charts, click here:

STREAM THE MUSIC

FREE CHARTS & LEAD SHEETS

Inhale
The new single from The Songwriter Initiative!

To stream “Inhale” or download free charts, click here:

STREAM THE MUSIC

FREE CHARTS & LEAD SHEETS

Songs for Worship, Vol. 1
The new EP From the Songwriter Initiative!

To stream “Songs for Worship, Vol. 1” or download free charts, click here:

STREAM THE MUSIC

FREE CHARTS & LEAD SHEETS

Our Projects
Monthly Curated Articles

On a monthly basis, the Songwriter Initiative will send out curated content to its members. Topics will range from hymn text considerations, musical hermeneutics, modern song structure, liturgical consideration, helpful tips, etc. These will be delivered with the intent to create conversation, creativity, and community.

One-On-One Coaching

Members of the Songwriter Initiative will have access to one-on-one coaching from experienced, published songwriters through online video calls. Coaching will be offered in several tiers of intensity, ranging from one-time critiques to continuous development. These coaching experiences will be offered with the intent to strengthen and develop songwriters, young and old, throughout the church.

Online Webinars

Throughout the year, the Songwriter Initiative will deliver online webinars featuring experts on a wide range of songwriting topics. Members will be able to sign up to view and participate. These events will be offered with the intent to inspire and equip songwriters in an online class format.

Professional Gatherings

On an annual basis, members will have the opportunity to gather together for in-person coaching, co-writing and fellowship. These events will be offered with the intent to cultivate community, camaraderie and craft-development.

Collective Resources

The Songwriter Initiative will create and distribute resources for the church using the new songs, hymns and spiritual songs of its members. These resources will be distributed with the intent to serve and support congregations throughout the world in their diverse musical contexts.

Songwriters Come to Campus for Writing Retreat
This community has grown into a very supportive group of all different ages, vocations, and writer skill levels.
READ MORE

Contact Us

For more information about the Songwriter Initiative feel free to reach out to us directly at kip.fox@cui.edu.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
Message
SEND NOW
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

