https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/writing
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Writing Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Writing Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Why take a writing minor?

Effective communication is highly valued. The ability to write well provides added confidence and a competitive edge for life beyond college, whether you plan to go to graduate school or enter the workforce. Our cross-disciplinary writing minor allows you to build a minor that includes courses in communication, creative writing, and digital media proficiency. It pairs well with majors from Arts & Sciences, as well as the School of Business and School of Education. The minor also offers the opportunity to gain valuable practical experience with options like writing for The Courier newspaper or working in the Writing Studio.

Prepare for a career that requires effective communication (i.e. all of them) by taking the writing minor!

Another minor option is the English Minor.

Curriculum
WRITING MINOR
19 Units
Choose six courses. At least two must have a WRT prefix:
ARTG 270: Digital Publishing
3

In this course students will develop page layout skills utilizing composition and typographic principles while learning to use Adobe InDesign and the creation of images in Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Photoshop, including text to produce flyers, posters, newsletters, magazines, brochures, calendars, etc. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester.


BSC 318: Linguistics
3

This course will study language as a fundamental component of human beings by examining the link between experience, culture, and language through the investigation of how language communicates, changes, and is used strategically to accomplish social ends.

OR

ENG 477: History and Development of the English Language
3

An overview of the history of English and an examination of the development of the language through its linguistic elements, this course will include traditional and contemporary grammar, phonetics, syntax, semantics, patterns of language change, dialects, orthography, etymology, representative oral and written communication, and other related issues. Prerequisites: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271.


COM 222: Theory and Practice of Journalism
3

This course will introduce the basics of journalism writing, style, theory, investigation, ethics, and interviewing including news, features, sports, review, and opinion styles. At least six (6) written articles will be submitted to The Concordia Courier.


COM 280: Theories of Human Communication
3

As a systematic exploration of the theories scholars use to explain human communication, this course will deal with rhetoric, persuasion, interpersonal, intercultural, small group, media, organizational, and gender communications.


COM 321: Digital Media Communication
3

This course will focus on the personalities, inventions, developments, terminologies, and issues closely associated with seven (7) mass media industries with a special emphasis on internship preparation and media job opportunities. Article reports using business magazines, newspapers, and trade journals read by media professionals will be required.


COM 340: Rhetorical and Persuasive Theories
3

Primarily from a social scientific approach, this course will examine the basic theories and techniques of influence, providing students with an awareness of the nature, function, and scope of attitude change as well as the concepts of attitudes, credibility, resistance to persuasion, ethics, and modern advertising practices.


COM 371: Introduction to Social Media
3

This course will explore the fundamentals of and introduce social media and other emerging technologies and tools, current trends and future directions, benefits, values, and risks. Case studies will be reviewed to assess how social media impacts and influences fields such as communication and marketing and how it informs future trends and developments. Prerequisites: (WRT 102 or WRT 201) and (COM 280 or MKT 341).


COM 412: Media and Script Writing
3

This course will examine script writing for radio, television and film with projects including announcements, commercials, news, features, documentaries, comedy, and game and music shows.


COM 485: Rhetorical Criticism
3

The history, nature, purpose, and methods of rhetorical criticism. Eight (8) critical approaches to the analysis of human communication events will be studied. Prerequisite: Junior standing.


WRT 223: Introduction to Genre and Craft in Creative Writing
3

As a multi-genre introduction to the craft of creative writing, this course will examine literary conventions as well as the writing techniques and tools essential to effective writing and editing. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent.


WRT 324: Writing for Children and Teenagers
3

As an introductory course to the art and craft of writing for young audiences, students will read, analyze and write both fiction and nonfiction pieces. The course includes market analysis techniques and the submission of work for publication. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent.


WRT 327: Creative Writing: Fiction
3

This course will involve a sustained exploration of the creative process in writing fiction as students complete several short stories, perform close analysis of published works, and participate in writing workshops. Prerequisites: (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and WRT 223. Offered alternate years.

WRT 328: Creative Writing: Poetry
3

This course is designed to sharpen students' awareness of and skill in using the elements of poetry. Students will complete a number of original poems in a variety of traditional and contemporary forms and styles. This class will discuss their own creative work and a wide variety of anthologized poetry in a workshop setting. Prerequisites: (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and WRT 223. Offered alternate years.

WRT 329: Creative Nonfiction
3

An examination and discussion of the art and craft of contemporary nonfiction, practice in a variety of genres. Course includes market analysis techniques and the submission of work for publication. Prerequisites: (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and WRT 223. Offered alternate years.

WRT 333: Topics in Creative Writing
3

As a focused exploration of genre and subject matter in a workshop setting. Possible topics include nature writing, travel writing, and experimental writing. Course may be repeated for elective credit. Prerequisite: (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and (CENG 201 or CENG 301 or equivalent).


WRT 337: Writing for the Stage and Screen
3

An introductory course to the art of writing dramatic works through the exploration of dramatic writing techniques through writing practice, close analysis of published works, and student workshops. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or WRT 201.

WRT 427: Advanced Creative Writing
3

This capstone course will provide students with an opportunity to write more intensively and extensively through the creation of new work and revising previously written work in a workshop setting. Prerequisites: Junior or Senior standing; (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and WRT 223 and (WRT 327 or WRT 328) and WRT 329. Offered alternate years.

Practical Experience: Choose one from the following:
COM 231: Newspaper I
1

This course will introduce the practice of journalism with an emphasis on one or more combinations of news writing, opinion writing, layout, and production of The Concordia Courier.


HST 403: Topics in Historical Editing
1

In this course, students work with a professor to build and edit an academic history journal, emphasizing a special topic related to this type of work each year. Students will edit article submissions, book reviews, and forums. Students will also help generate content for the journal by either providing their own work or by encouraging submissions from the student body. The final product will be a printed academic journal to be distributed around the campus. May repeat 4 times for credit and 3 units may be used to fulfill major requirements.


PAS 398: Tier II President's Academic Showcase
3

This course is for students who wish to earn credit for their Tier II President's Academic Showcase project. The course can be taken for 1-3 units. Students will receive a Pass/No Pass grade for their project.

PAS 498: Tier I President's Academic Showcase
3

This course is for students who wish to earn credit for their Tier I President's Academic Showcase project. The course can be taken for 1-3 units. Students will receive a Pass/No Pass grade for their project.

WRT 392: Practicum: The Writing Studio
1

This is a practical, hands-on learning experience intended to complement a student’s work in the Writing Minor. Approval of Program Director required before registering.

WRT 393: Practicum: The Aerie
1

This is a practical, hands-on learning experience intended to complement a student’s work in the Writing Minor. Approval of Program Director required before registering.
 

The Registration for Practicum form must be completed with approval from the appropriate program director (Writing Studio) or faculty advisor (The Aerie) before registering for one of these choices.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

