s, and forums. Students will also help generate content for the journal by either providing their own work or by encouraging submissions from the student body. The final product will be a printed academic journal to be distributed around the campus. May repeat 4 times for credit and 3 units may be used to fulfill major requirements.


PAS 398: Tier II President's Academic Showcase
3

This course is for students who wish to earn credit for their Tier II President's Academic Showcase project. The course can be taken for 1-3 units. Students will receive a Pass/No Pass grade for their project.

PAS 498: Tier I President's Academic Showcase
3

This course is for students who wish to earn credit for their Tier I President's Academic Showcase project. The course can be taken for 1-3 units. Students will receive a Pass/No Pass grade for their project.

WRT 392: Practicum: The Writing Studio
1

This is a practical, hands-on learning experience intended to complement a student’s work in the Writing Minor. Approval of Program Director required before registering.

WRT 393: Practicum: The Aerie
1

This is a practical, hands-on learning experience intended to complement a student’s work in the Writing Minor. Approval of Program Director required before registering.
 

The Registration for Practicum form must be completed with approval from the appropriate program director (Writing Studio) or faculty advisor (The Aerie) before registering for one of these choices.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

