https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/writing
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Writing Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Writing Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Why take a writing minor?

Effective communication is highly valued. The ability to write well provides added confidence and a competitive edge for life beyond college, whether you plan to go to graduate school or enter the workforce. Our cross-disciplinary writing minor allows you to build a minor that includes courses in communication, creative writing, and digital media proficiency. It pairs well with majors from Arts & Sciences, as well as the School of Business and School of Education. The minor also offers the opportunity to gain valuable practical experience with options like writing for The Courier newspaper or working in the Writing Studio.

Prepare for a career that requires effective communication (i.e. all of them) by taking the writing minor!

Another minor option is the English Minor.

Curriculum
WRITING MINOR
19 Units
Choose six courses. At least two must have a WRT prefix:
ARTG 270: Digital Publishing
3

In this course students will develop page layout skills utilizing composition and typographic principles while learning to use Adobe InDesign and the creation of images in Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Photoshop, including text to produce flyers, posters, newsletters, magazines, brochures, calendars, etc. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester.


BSC 318: Linguistics
3

This course will study language as a fundamental component of human beings by examining the link between experience, culture, and language through the investigation of how language communicates, changes, and is used strategically to accomplish social ends.

OR

ENG 477: History and Development of the English Language
3

An overview of the history of English and an examination of the development of the language through its linguistic elements, this course will include traditional and contemporary grammar, phonetics, syntax, semantics, patterns of language change, dialects, orthography, etymology, representative oral and written communication, and other related issues. Prerequisites: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271.


COM 222: Theory and Practice of Journalism
3

This course will introduce the basics of journalism writing, style, theory, investigation, ethics, and interviewing including news, features, sports, review, and opinion styles. At least six (6) written articles will be submitted to The Concordia Courier.


COM 280: Theories of Human Communication
3

As a systematic exploration of the theories scholars use to explain human communication, this course will deal with rhetoric, persuasion, interpersonal, intercultural, small group, media, organizational, and gender communications.


COM 321: Digital Media Communication
3

This course will focus on the personalities, inventions, developments, terminologies, and issues closely associated with seven (7) mass media industries with a special emphasis on internship preparation and media job opportunities. Article reports using business magazines, newspapers, and trade journals read by media professionals will be required.


COM 340: Rhetorical and Persuasive Theories
3

Primarily from a social scientific approach, this course will examine the basic theories and techniques of influence, providing students with an awareness of the nature, function, and scope of attitude change as well as the concepts of attitudes, credibility, resistance to persuasion, ethics, and modern advertising practices.


COM 371: Introduction to Social Media
3

This course will explore the fundamentals of and introduce social media and other emerging technologies and tools, current trends and future directions, benefits, values, and risks. Case studies will be reviewed to assess how social media impacts and influences fields such as communication and marketing and how it informs future trends and developments. Prerequisites: (WRT 102 or WRT 201) and (COM 280 or MKT 341).


COM 412: Media and Script Writing
3

This course will examine script writing for radio, television and film with projects including announcements, commercials, news, features, documentaries, comedy, and game and music shows.


COM 485: Rhetorical Criticism
3

The history, nature, purpose, and methods of rhetorical criticism. Eight (8) critical approaches to the analysis of human communication events will be studied. Prerequisite: Junior standing.


WRT 223: Introduction to Genre and Craft in Creative Writing
3

As a multi-genre introduction to the craft of creative writing, this course will examine literary conventions as well as the writing techniques and tools essential to effective writing and editing. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or 