https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege/center-for-worship-leadership/theology-of-worship-certificate
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Worship Leadership
About 
Gather 
Resources 
Songwriter
Certificate
Give
Theology of Worship Certificate
CENTER FOR WORSHIP LEADERSHIP
Theology of Worship Certificate

Concordia University Irvine offers an in-depth, affordable and online certificate for those looking to further their theology of worship education.

Overall cost of the program is $1500 and the learner will participate in three 7-week experiences over the course of a year, avoiding the busiest seasons of the church calendar.
Students earn 9 continuing education units (CEUs) through three modules: (1) biblical theology of worship, (2) worship design, (3) issues of worship and culture. More information on modules can be found below.
CEUs are for continuing education and as such do not bear academic credit or earn grades. This allows the program to be affordable and manageable while providing a robust and meaningful experience of learning.
To reserve a spot in the next cohort or learn more about the Theology of Worship Certificate, click "Reserve a Spot".

RESERVE A SPOT

Certificate Overview
Module 1: Origins
“The words ‘I am thy God’ are the standard and measure of everything that can be said about worship.” – Martin Luther

Worship is a dialogue, not a monologue, and as such, it is about a relationship. God is the instigator, creator, and sustainer of that relationship, and his words are crucial to our understanding of worship. For this reason, we ground worship in theology—the contemplation of God.

Module 2: Design
“Designing a liturgy, however, is no light or easy undertaking. It demands the best and most careful work of…scholars, theologians, and musicians.” – Gene Veith

The words leaders put into the mouths of the church either enrich faith or impoverish it. Design, therefore, is the most powerful tool of worship leaders and is wielded for the sake of teaching, expressing, encountering, and evangelizing.

Module 3: Culture
“Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.” – Warren Buffet

Worship forms us through the power of habit, and yet, we perceive everything through our own cultural lenses. Even with the best intentions, worship curators can incorporate unhealthy patterns or inadvertently disrespect important local customs. As leaders of worship, therefore, we must respect and utilize the power of culture.

Contact Us

For more information about the Center for Worship Leadership feel free to reach out to us directly at cwl@cui.edu.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

