https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/stem
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
STEM Programs
Discover Your Callings in STEM
Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics

At Concordia University Irvine, you’ll form meaningful connections with your professors and get hands-on research experience in a multidisciplinary environment.

Majors
Biochemistry (BS)
Biology (BA/BS)
Chemistry (BA/BS)
Computer Science (BS)
Engineering (BS)
Kinesiology (BS)
Mathematics (BA)
Physics (BS)
Request Information
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
Program of Interest 
- Select a program
Biochemistry
Biology (BA)
Biology (BA) - w/ Pre-Nursing Minor
Biology (BS)
Chemistry (BA)
Chemistry (BS)
Computer Science
Engineering
Kinesiology: Health and Human Performance
Kinesiology: Lifespan and Allied Health
Kinesiology: Physical Activity, Fitness and Wellness Promotion
Mathematics
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

What Our Alumni Say
   
Our biology department here is outstanding… They teach us to think about science and really question why we’re doing what we’re doing, and why any of this matters at all.

Parker Hicks '22

Ph.D. Student, Human Medical Genetics and Genomics at the University of Colorado

Where Our Alumni Are Now

Our rigorous programs have challenged and prepared our students for graduate studies. Here are some programs where our alumni can be found:

Chemical Engineering at the University of Nevada, Reno
Doctor of Pharmacy, Campbell University
Masters of Science, Moss Landing Marine Laboratories
Mechanical and Space Engineering at the University of Southern California
Molecular and Developmental Biology at the University of California, Riverside

Concordia graduates are equipped with skills for the workplace and prepared for their vocations. Here are some of their callings:

Doctor of Dental Surgery, Go Kids Dental & Orthodontics
Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine, General and Breast Surgeon, St. Luke’s
Founder & Co-Owner, California Compliance Environmental
Research Technologist, Jet Propulsion Laboratory
Staff Scientist at Los Alamos National Laboratory
Additional Programs at Concordia
Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway

For incoming first-year students, complete your undergraduate degree plus additional pathway requirements for guaranteed early acceptance to Concordia’s Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing program to earn two bachelor’s degrees in as little as five years.

LEARN MORE

Summer Research Institute

Work alongside your professors and your peers in the lab or in the field. You’ll find traditional research opportunities and cross-disciplinary exploration in the sciences, philosophy, history, and more.

LEARN MORE

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

