https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/youth-ministry
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Youth Ministry Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Youth Ministry Minor
CHRIST COLLEGE
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
YOUTH MINISTRY MINOR
18 Units
CED 380: Youth Ministry and Culture
3

This course examines youth ministry in the context of cultural influences on adolescents in society today through the lens of Lutheran theology. The course will include discussions on traditional adolescent issues and responses that seek to address these issues. A fieldwork component is required.


CED 455: Catechesis: Theory and Practice
3

This course will survey the history, theory, and practice of catechesis in the Lutheran Church. Students will examine a variety of catechetical models and skills needed to develop a holistic approach to the catechesis of youth, adults, and families. A fieldwork component is required. Offered in alternate years. Prerequisite: THL 371 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


CED 470: Family Systems
3

This course will examine the dynamics of family interaction from a systems perspective. An understanding of family systems theory will be applied to the historical, sociological, theological, and biblical contexts of family life and the church. Topics will include family formation, the process of family life, family history, non-nuclear families, and crisis assessment.


Choose two of the following courses
PSY 202: Human Sexuality
3

This survey course will look at the topic of human sexuality with a foundation in Christian ethics guiding sexual conduct and the development of sexual behavior including gender identity, sexual orientation, sexual anatomy, contraception, reproduction and birthing, sexually transmitted diseases, sexual dysfunctions, and the paraphilias.


PSY 261: Chemical Dependency and Addiction
3

This introductory course to the addictive behavior connected with alcoholism and drug use will teach students to understand the biological and psychological processes of addiction and the use of various interventive strategies in treatment.


PSY 314: Developmental Psychology: Adolescence
3

This course will study human development during the adolescent period with an emphasis on an examination of theories and research data as they relate to adolescent development including problems and adjustment patterns in the context of the family, peer groups, school, and society.


Choose one of the following courses
THL 430: Christian Apologetics
3

The relationship of the Christian faith to the major philosophies and ideologies that conflict with Christianity will be evaluated from the 2nd century to the present in this course. Prerequisite: Junior or senior standing or consent of instructor.


THL 465: Christians and Ethics
3

Through an exploration of morality and ethics in light of what Scripture teaches, this course will orient students to the main approaches, both traditional and contemporary, of non-biblical philosophical ethics as they learn how the Christian faith interacts with these approaches. The significance of the Lutheran confessional distinction between God's left and right hand rule will also be explored. Student research and presentations on contemporary ethical issues are usually included. Prerequisite: (CTHL 101 or CTHL 200) and junior standing, or consent of instructor.


THL 481: The Mission of Christ's Church
3

This course will provide an overview of the theology and practice of Christian missions including the historical development, missionary methods, evangelism programs, and paradigm shifts, to develop the skills needed to share the Gospel to others.


*Prerequisite: Acceptance into LCMS Certification program.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

 

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
