https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/business/cornelius-business-plan-competition/bpc-2017
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Concordia Business Plan Competition

Contact
Sponsors
Undergraduate Division
High School Division
Previous Years
Related Links
2nd Annual Business Plan Competition
CONCORDIA BUSINESS PLAN COMPETITION
Second Annual Cornelius Business Plan Competition
March 31, 2017

Thanks to the leadership of two business school alumni who planned, organized and managed Concordia's 2nd annual Cornelius Business Plan Competition, Kenneth Reyes and Ryan Buuck, the event held on Friday March 31, 2017 was a wonderful success.

And the winners are:

2017 Business Plan Competition Winners

1st Place: Anastasiia Kuprina, Justin To, and Cassandra Forero for their business plan: Future Direction. Future Direction is a service that helps place and acclimate international students to college life in America. Justin is from Hong Kong, Anastasiia is Russian, and Cassandra's parents are from Mexico and Colombia.
2nd Place: Josh Mundell (and alumnus Manuel Zorn) for their business plan: NeighborING. NeighborING is an app that connects people who have odd jobs that need to be done around the house to college students looking to earn money.
3rd Place: Jessica Gong (Jessica West), for her business plan: the Wedding Dress Shop, an online portal for wedding dresses.

90-second Fast Pitch

Winner: Jessica Gong (Jessica West), the Wedding Dress Shop.

While they did not win, other teams did an outstanding job as well. They were:

The Fry B.A.R. comprised of Abigail Buecheler, Ryan White, and Bryan Hernandez. The Fry B.A.R. is a "build your own" style restaurant using french fries as the main dish.
OpenKitchen comprised of Max Redeker, Till Guttenberger (and alumnus Filip Burnac). OpenKitchen is an app that connects people who cook food at home to sell their excess food to people who want a home cooked meal but don't have the time or capacity to make it.

It’s exciting the entrepreneurial spirit spreading around Concordia.

A very very big thank you to Ronn Cornelius and the Cornelius Family for supporting this event and agreeing to support it again next year.

Blessings, Stephen Christensen, Dean, School of Business and Economics

2017 Highlights
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

