https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/education/ppoha/future-faculty-fellows
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
School of Education
PPOHA Grant
Graduate Resource Center
Future Faculty Fellows
Faculty Mentors
Future Faculty Fellows
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
 
 
Concordia Awarded $3 Million Promoting Postbaccalaureate Opportunities for Hispanic Americans Grant
Read story »
Future Faculty Fellows Program

The Future Faculty Fellows Program is designed for post-baccalaureate students in the Concordia University Irvine School of Education. This scholarship is established to benefit Hispanic and/or other underserved students who seek financial aid and are enrolled in an M.A. program or in the Ed.D. in Leadership program.

This PPOHA (Promoting Postbaccalaureate Opportunities for Hispanic Americans) funded scholarship shall be applied directly to reduce the recipient’s cost of tuition and is targeted towards students interested in careers in higher education.

Future Faculty Fellowships will be awarded throughout the academic year and may provide scholarships from $3,000-$10,000 annually. Fellowship recipients must make satisfactory progress in their academic program each year and will be involved in a cohort of other fellows as they progress through the program for the scholarship to be renewed.

Featured Faculty Fellows

The following students were selected to serve as Future Faculty Fellows for the 2024-2025 school year

 
Nancy Esparza-Perez
 
Malaya Dodson
 
Kelli Yogi
 
Klarissa Liendo
 
Truc Nguyen




Previous


Next
PPOHA Future Faculty Fellows Application

The Future Faculty Fellows Program is designed for post-baccalaureate students in the Concordia University Irvine School of Education. This scholarship is established to benefit Hispanic and/or other underserved students who seek financial aid and are enrolled in an M.A. program or in the Ed.D. in Leadership program.

This PPOHA (Promoting Postbaccalaureate Opportunities for Hispanic Americans) funded scholarship shall be applied directly to reduce the recipient’s cost of tuition and is targeted towards students interested in careers in higher education. A completed M.A. or Ed.D. application, FAFSA, and this application are required to be considered for this scholarship. To learn more about the Future Faculty Fellows Scholarship and the PPOHA grant, please click here.

Future Faculty Fellowships will be awarded throughout the academic year and may provide scholarships from $3,000-$10,000 annually. Fellowship recipients must make satisfactory progress in their academic program each year and will be involved in a cohort of other fellows as they progress through the program for the scholarship to be renewed.

To access the Concordia University Irvine Online Graduate Application, click here.

To access the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), click here.

To access the FFF eligibility requirements, click here.
To access the Future Faculty Fellows Income Requirements, click here.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
If you are a current Concordia University Irvine student, please list your E-number:
You must meet the income limits to be eligible for this scholarship: FFF Eligibility. A recipient of this scholarship cannot earn more than 150% of low-income as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau. The income requirements can be found here: Future Faculty Fellows Income Requirements . Based on this income table, I believe I am eligible for a FFF scholarship. 
Yes
No
I understand I am required to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) form to verify income eligibility. 
Yes
No
What program have you applied to, or are you enrolled in? 
-Please Select-
M.A. in Education
Ed.D. in Leadership
Post-baccalaureate credential program
If you are enrolled in the M.A. program, what is your specialization?
-Please Select-
Curriculum & Instruction
Educational Administration
Learning, Design, and Technology
School Counseling
School Psychology
Educational Leadership: Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics
Administrative Services Credential
N/A
Do you consider yourself to be Hispanic/Latino? 
Yes
No
In addition, please select one or more of the following racial categories to describe yourself: 
-Please Select-
American Indian or Alaska Native
Asian
Black or African American
Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander
White
Where do you see yourself in 5 years time? (200 words or less) 
Describe an example of a time you lead with humility and what you learned to impact your future leadership in education. (200 words or less) 
What inspires you to work in higher education? (200 words or less) 
Share an example of how you made others feel included in your current or previous position. Your answer to this question should highlight a specific way that you embraced and uplifted team members with different backgrounds and demonstrate how you helped make them feel welcomed. 
What are the reas