
School Counseling
School Psychology
Educational Leadership: Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics
Administrative Services Credential
N/A
Do you consider yourself to be Hispanic/Latino? 
Yes
No
In addition, please select one or more of the following racial categories to describe yourself: 
-Please Select-
American Indian or Alaska Native
Asian
Black or African American
Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander
White
Where do you see yourself in 5 years time? (200 words or less) 
Describe an example of a time you lead with humility and what you learned to impact your future leadership in education. (200 words or less) 
What inspires you to work in higher education? (200 words or less) 
Share an example of how you made others feel included in your current or previous position. Your answer to this question should highlight a specific way that you embraced and uplifted team members with different backgrounds and demonstrate how you helped make them feel welcomed. 
What are the reasons you deserve this scholarship over other qualified students? Please highlight the commitment and potential for success you've demonstrated through your academic and career experiences. 
If selected to receive a scholarship, I understand I will need to make satisfactory academic progress towards program completion. 
Yes
No
If selected to receive a scholarship, I understand I will need to take part in Future Faculty Fellows activities including career development, mentoring, coaching, academic support, and research. 
Yes
No
Please upload a PDF copy of your current resume (File must not exceed 10MB) 
 Add files...
 
Please review the Program and Eligibility Requirements to received a Future Faculty Fellows Scholarship above. I have reviewed the program and eligibility requirements. 
Yes
No
SUBMIT
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

