https://www.cui.edu/GetStarted/index/id/20250
Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
GET STARTED
Get Started Home
Log in to Online Resources
Log in to MyRecords
Review Financial Aid
Online Resources Info
REQUEST INFO
APPLY NOW





This list of online resources Concordia offers its students will help you get:

Information about what each resource will do for you
Instructions for logging into each resource
Instructions for what to do if you are having difficulty logging in

All of these online resources can be accessed by going to http://my.cui.edu
Simply click on a menu item to expand or collapse the information about it.

MyRecords
What is MyRecords?

MyRecords is the central location for all of your personal information regarding your education at Concordia.
In MyRecords you will:

View and accept your Financial Aid
Register for classes
Add or drop classes
View your student bill
See your final grades
Check your schedule
View or change your personal information
You will receive emails at your official school email address when new information is available.
You should log in and check MyRecords often to check for new information as well.
Please make sure to check and update your MyRecords personal information when it changes.
How do you log in?

You use your full User ID number and your MyRecords PIN to log in to MyRecords. The default MyRecords PIN is your birthdate in six-digit format (MMDDYY). You will need to change your PIN at first login.

What if you cannot log in?

If you are having problems logging in to MyRecords, try using the "Forgot PIN?" button.
Type in your full User ID number including a capital "E" and the leading "0s" (ex. "E00987654), and then click the "Forgot PIN?" button.
Answer your security question and click "Submit Answer" button.
You will then be able to reset your PIN.
If this still does not work contact IT Services via email: ITS@cui.edu or call 949.214.3175.

Canvas:
Where can you find Canvas?

You can find both the Canvas Student app and Canvas Instructor app on your phone or tablet's app store.

If this still does not work contact IT Services via email: ITS@cui.edu or call 949.214.3175.

Eagles Gmail:
What is Eagles Gmail?

Your Eagles Gmail is a web based email system that we will use to communicate with you. Financial Aid, the Registrar, Academic Advising and the other areas on campus will all use this as a primary means of communicating information to you. Please check it regularly. If you wish to, you may set a forwarding email address in your Eagles Gmail so that email can be sent to another email address of your choosing.

How do you log in?

Use your Student ID as your "Username" to log in and the same password that you use for Blackboard and the library databases.

What if you cannot log in?

If you are having problems logging in to Eagles Gmail, make sure you have activated your account on the self-service password management website. You will NOT be able to use your temporary password to log in to any Concordia online resource. You must activate in the self-service site and change your password first. If you have already activated your account, go to the self-service password management website and try resetting your password using the instructions on the website.

If this still does not work contact IT Services via email: ITS@cui.edu or call 949.214.3175.

Library Databases:
What are the Library databases?

The library at Concordia offers an extensive range of online databases and resources for your research and study needs. These resources include EBSCOhost, FirstSearch, Lexis-Nexis, JSTOR, Oxford Reference Online, Oxford English Dictionary, netLibrary, Naxos and EBSCO A-to-Z. All of these resources are available to our students, but require a valid student ID and password in order for you to access them.

How do you log in?

Links to the library resources can be found at http://my.cui.edu or you may visit http://library.cui.edu. If you are on campus, you will not need to enter a name and password in order to log in. From off campus, you will need to enter your Student ID and password. On the ezproxy page, type your Student ID in the E# field, and then type the same password that you use for your Eagles email and Blackboard into the password field.

What if you cannot log in?

If you are having problems logging in to the library databases, make sure you have activated your account on the self-service password management website. You will NOT be able to use your temporary password to log in to any Concordia online resource. You must activate in the self-service site and change your password first. If you have already activated, go to the self-service password management website and try resetting your password using the instructions on the website.

If this still does not work contact IT Services via email: ITS@cui.edu or call 949.214.3175.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
