https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege/crosswise/meet-the-team
Skip to Main Content

Search
UNDERGRADUATE
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
CROSSWISE INSTITUTE
Summer Experience 
Podcast
Meet the Team
Contact
Register Now
Meet the Team
JOEL OESCH, PHD
Executive Director

Preferred Super Power: Teleportation
Day Job: Director of the Graduate Programs in Theology at Christ College, Concordia University

Joel Oesch, MDiv, holds a PhD from Concordia Seminary and is a graduate of Yale University. Dr. Oesch has served as the Director of the Graduate Programs in Theology for Christ College, Concordia since 2012. Prior to his tenure as a college professor, Oesch served as Director of Christian Education for 10 years. His research interests include embodied theology, the writings of Dietrich Bonhoeffer, and contemporary culture.

Concordia Seminary, St. Louis, MO, PhD 2015
Yale University, New Haven, CT, M.Div. 2009
Concordia University, Irvine, CA, B.A. 1997
REBECCA DUPORT, MA
Associate Director

Preferred Super Power: The Force
Day Job: Assistant Professor & Director of the Director of Christian Education Program of Christ College, Concordia University

Rebecca became an Assistant Professor/Director to the DCE Program of Christ College after serving Lutheran Churches as Director of Christian Education throughout the country (Idaho, Kentucky, Arkansas, Florida) in life-span education roles working with Children, Youth, Family, Older Adults for 14 years. Her service to the body of Christ also includes speaking at youth gatherings, conferences and leading training events for Family Friendly Partner's Network (FFPN).

Concordia University, Seward, Nebraska, M.S. 2010
Concordia University, Irvine, California, B.A. 1998
DANIEL DEEN, PHD
Program Director

Preferred Super Power: Cyberpathy
Day Job: Assistant Professor of Philosophy, specializing in the Philosophy of Science at Christ College, Concordia University, Irvine

Dr. Daniel Deen is Associate Professor of Philosophy at Concordia University, Irvine. He earned his Ph.D. from Florida State University in 2015. His philosophical musings lean toward virtue epistemological perspectives in religious and scientific epistemology with a strong penchant for dialogue between science and religion, Christ and culture. In other words, he is committed to that philosophical ideal of promoting great conversations with an eye toward apologetics. When not philosophizing, he is often found surfing, exploring nature with his wife and three children, or getting into trouble with power tools.

Florida State University, PhD. 2011
California State University Long Beach, MA 2006
Concordia University, Irvine, BA 2001
PAUL ELLIOTT, PHD
Chaplain

Preferred Super Power: Time Manipulation
Day Job: Associate Professor of Theology, specializing in the Old Testament at Christ College, Concordia University Irvine

Dr. Elliott received his Ph.D. and M. Phil. from Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion and is the lead professor of Hebrew for Concordia University Irvine's Christ College. Dr. Elliott published “The Israel of God in the Sermon: Connecting Old Testament Texts to New Testament People” in Feasting in a Famine of the Word in 2016 and is preparing a commentary on the prophet Habakkuk.

Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, M.Phil., 2013; Ph.D., 2018
Concordia Seminary – St. Louis, M.Div., 2009
Concordia University – River Forest, B.A., 2003
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

