https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/coaching/master-of-science
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MCAA
Curriculum 
Meet the Team
Alumni
Financial Aid
Coach's Resources 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
CURRICULUM
Master's in Coaching & Athletics Administration

In other graduate programs we realized there was a big gap between the learning and the doing. So within our MA or MS program, we cover a broader spectrum from middle school to collegiate-level curriculum, offer summer intensives where you can focus your training, and include a course to guide you through building a professional portfolio.

Master of Arts or Master of Science?

The nationally renowned Master of Arts in Coaching and Athletics Administration (MCAA) program has expanded to offer a Master of Science degree. Both degrees are part of the MCAA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Master of Arts

A Master of Arts degree option focuses on the practical application of knowledge in the academic discipline of coaching and athletics administration. This option has been in existence since 2005 and is uniquely designed for working professionals.

The Master of Arts program offers a wide variety of elective opportunities. These opportunities include sport specific courses designed to ensure academic and professional expertise in coaching and athletics administration.

One distinctive element of the Master of Arts program is the opportunity to participate in an internship – a supervised educational work experience that allows you to apply the theories of what you are learning in a practical setting.

Master of Science

A Master of Science degree option incorporates the exercise sciences into the curriculum. Earning the Master of Science will expand employment opportunities for MCAA graduates to advance their careers in positions that require a science-based degree.

Consult your MCAA academic advisor to find out which degree program works best for you.

MCAA graduates who previously earned an M.A. can now earn the Master of Science to advance their careers in positions that require a science-based degree.

Building on the 16 units of core courses that you already completed to earn your M.A., you will only need to complete 16 additional elective units and a 4-unit enhanced portfolio (you will not need to start over for your culminating project) to earn your M.S. All coursework can be completed fully online in as little as 9 months. Start dates for the M.S. program operate under the same quarterly time-frames. As an added benefit, alumni applying for the Master of Science will have the application fee waived.

Courses
CORE REQUIREMENTS
20 Units
MCAA 510: Principles of Coaching and Leadership
4

This foundational course examines the key fundamentals of coaching excellence within five critical domains: Perspective, Purpose, Principles, Provision, and Practices. Students will be equipped to develop and create their own athlete-centered Philosophy of Coaching, including detailing their vision, mission, and values, describing the type and style of coach they are or aspire to become, plans for creating an effective culture, instilling strong character in athletes, and maximizing growth and learning in the classroom and on the field/gym. Emphasis is placed on understanding types of coaching, including transactional, pragmatic, relational, and transformational, and the impact each of these have on young people. Leadership in athletics will be analyzed through the prism of effectively meeting the essential needs of young people while developing and enhancing essential coaching characteristics, skills, and abilities.

MCAA 530: Ethics And Sport
4

This course equips coaches and administrators to make decisions which reflect an awareness of the moral and ethical dimensions of issues encountered in sport, while applying standards of ethics informed by Christian teachings. Students will analyze the relationship between professional responsibility, personal belief, loyalty, honesty and integrity. Students will also review and incorporate research into a thesis, action plan, analysis, project or professional activity in coaching or athletic administration. Finally, students will develop strategies to infuse character development into sport.

MCAA 550: Research Methods and Analysis
4

This course is an intensive course that provides hands-on experience analyzing research studies, interpreting data, designing studies and preparation of APA style research presentations (papers).

MCAA 580: Legal Aspect of Sport
4

The course provides several important legal aspects in sport, athletic administration and coaching. Included will be an analysis of the application of law to sport, liability, negligence law, intentional torts, criminal acts, contract law, gender equity/Title IX, sexual harassment, ADA and related legislation, and sports employment law. Special emphasis is placed on knowing and 