ing and conditioning programs; and improving relationships among game officials, parents, and booster groups. Requires class attendance as well as participation in pre- and post-attendance online learning requirements.

MCAA 579: Applied Exercise Sciences and Strategies for Coaching Wrestling
4

Through the use of guest speakers and demonstrations this course will serve to enhance the knowledge of the wrestling coach covering topics such as skills development, tactics and counter moves, program promotion, use of technology, coaching philosophy, strength and conditioning, practice organization, and community/media relations. Requires class attendance as well as participation in pre- and post-attendance distance learning requirements.

MCAA 582: Women in Sport
4

Examines the historical, contemporary, and future perspectives of women in sport. Reviews insights from history, psychology, and sociology related to women in sport, as well as athletes' perceptions of their performance. Focuses on information and issues which are fundamental to understanding women's participation in sport.

MCAA 585: Strength, Speed and Conditioning
4

Through the study principles of strength, flexibility, power, and cardiovascular conditioning, students will learn to construct and apply conditioning programs.

MCAA 586: Advanced Strength, Speed and Conditioning
4

An advanced course that integrates sport training programs for individual and teams will be studied. Proper resistance training, nutrition and conditioning will be developed and applied to construct a year- long training guide for optimal athletic performance. MCAA 585 is not a prerequisite.

MCAA 590: Coaching Academy
4

Selected topics in this course will provide training for coaches and athletic directors including substance abuse prevention training, current issues and challenges facing coaches, and coaching certification. Currently not offered online.

MCAA 591: Athletic Director Institute
4

This is a professional seminar designed to assist athletic directors enhance the operation of the athletic department including rules and regulations, organization, health and safety, emergency procedures, athletic eligibility, office management, scheduling, officials, personnel evaluation, gender equity, and budget. Currently not offered online.

MCAA 592: Internship*
4

The internship experience benefits the students by allowing them to apply graduate level training in an everyday job situation while continuing to earn college credit. Students will have the opportunity to choose from a variety of internship settings related to coaching or athletic administration. Students are responsible for securing their own internship site and onsite facilitator. Students will be issued a MCAA 592 syllabus of specific assignments and objectives that they will need to complete as separate work for the course. Students must complete three courses of the MCAA program one of which is MCAA 510 Principles of Coaching and Leadership before they are to enroll in MCAA 592 or have ten years of experience in athletics.

*Only two sport specific classes may be taken as electives.

Questions regarding the course offerings can be directed to Chelsea Mailhiot or Lupe Valdivia, MCAA Academic Advisor.

MCAA STUDENT HANDBOOK

We are pleased to announce our collaboration with the National Strength and Conditioning Association (NSCA) to offer our students graduate credit (MCAA 586) while preparing for the Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (CSCS) certification exam - a coveted credential for those wishing to coach at the NCAA Division I and II levels.

Culminating Project: MA and MS

A distinctive feature of our graduate program is the culminating project where you curate your professional body of work. As you complete papers, conduct interviews, and give presentations, you will save your work as part of your portfolio.

Once enrolled in the course MCAA 595 or MSCE 595, your advisor will guide you through the process. You will also enlist an editor to review your writing and make suggestions for improvements. Details can be found in our handbook.

The real benefit is realized when you’re ready to level up and you walk into your interview ready. Over and over we hear how our students had a leg up on their competition because they were the only ones in the room with a portfolio of their work and achievements.

If you have further questions regarding MCAA/MSCE 595, please feel free to contact Chelsea Mailhiot by email or phone at (949) 214-3261.

Internships

Leverage the MCAA program to gain experience through our MA Internship. Apply your graduate-level training to a job situation while earning elective credits. Here’s what one of our recent grads had to say:

Going into the season, I was interested in learning whether or not I could see myself coaching for the rest of my life. I knew what kind of work, love and dedication it would take, but I had yet to experience a complete season as a coach. Thro