nts. Ongoing organization and administration of various small groups will be routine.
 
Nurture - Battalion Coordinator 
Supporting our ministry value of nurture, the Battalion Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of the Battalion Program. He will recruit and train discipleship group leaders whose responsibilities will be to create, support and empower groups of men to pursue dynamic discipleship together in Christ. The Battalion Coordinator will work with the Beloved Coordinator to plan large Nurture events. Ongoing organization and administration of various small groups will be routine.
 
Nurture – Athletics Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value of nurture, the Athletics Ministry Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of an athletics ministry program. He/she will recruit and train small group leaders to facilitate, support and empower groups of student-athletes to pursue dynamic discipleship together in Christ as a part of Athlete Bible Study (ABS). The Athletics Ministry Coordinator will organize, administrate and lead (with a team) all other details for ABS. He/she will work to build partnership/advocacy with key coaches and administrators within the Athletics Department as well as create intentional pathways for student-athletes to get connected to ABS and ultimately into the broader discipleship community within abbeywest.
 
Nurture – Spiritual Care Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value of nurture, the Spiritual Care Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of a spiritual care strategy primarily through prayer and encouragement. He/she will assist in recruiting and training a care ministry team that helps provide spiritual care to abbeywest “actives”. He/she will consult with the Lead Pastor on the spiritual needs of students, pray regularly for the “actives”, make consistent contact with them, and cultivate tools for building/supporting intentional spiritual care touch points with the discipleship community. In addition, the Spiritual Care Coordinator will (with a team) facilitate the set-up of communion for Sunday Source and be ready to assist with other non-musical aspects of the service.
 
Service – Local Service Coordinator
Supporting our ministry values of service and witness, the Local Missions Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of the Missions Program locally, providing opportunities for Concordia students to engage in service to God and others on campus and around Southern California. He/she will plan mission projects throughout the year that serve a variety of needs and types of people (or partner with projects from Concordia Cares to ensure a discipleship purpose to those opportunities). The Local Missions Coordinator will prepare participants for the experiences in advance, and help participants to debrief after the experience is over. The Coordinator will physically be present or designate and train others to lead in their place. The Local Missions Coordinator will hold regular meetings that inform, teach, and equip students to do missions.
 
Service – Global Missions Coordinator
Supporting our ministry values of service and witness, the Global Missions Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of the Missions Program globally, providing opportunities for Concordia students to engage in service to God and others beyond Southern California. He/she will communicate with Concordia students to make them aware of the University approved mission trips. They will plan projects to engage students in partnership with or learning from missionaries, organizations or global opportunities. This will include engaging a team in carrying out Night of Hope and engaging others in the annual Beautiful Feet Mission Conference. In addition, it could mean assisting to plan, mission trips as well as train and debrief participants. The Global Missions Coordinator will hold regular meetings that inform, teach and equip students to do missions.
 
Witness Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value of witness, the Witness Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of the Witness Program to educate, encourage, empower and guide disciples of Jesus to boldly share the gospel with non-Christians in our community (on campus and off). In addition, He/she will help bring evangelistic focus to current abbeywest programming. The Witness Coordinator will recruit and train a core team to help plan and execute witness activities to this end and purpose. Programs supporting a witness strategy may include promoting/developing witness training workshops, organizing table outreach opportunities, cultivating conversation partners for international students, sharing/producing evangelism resources, and creating witness events like ten28.
 
Marketing & Communications Coordinator
The Marketing & Communications Coordinator will help students engage in their discipleship by connecting them to minist