https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/student-leadership/abbey-west/apply
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Student Leadership

ASCUI
LEAD
abbey west
PALs
RAs
Clubs and Organizations
Professional Staff
Applications
Related Links
Apply to abbey west
STUDENT LEADERSHIP
abbeywest

Thank you for prayerfully considering serving as a leader in abbeywest!

Requirements and Important Dates

An abbeywest ministry team member is expected to handle his/her responsibilities maturely and exhibit exemplary conduct while assuming the position.

An abbeywest ministry team member must have excellent communication skills and the ability to relate to a diverse student population. Organizational skills are also essential, as is the ability to learn quickly, multi-task, give clear instructions, and solve problems in a timely and efficient manner. abbeywest ministry team members must be able to relate well with students and  Concordia University Irvine faculty/staff. abbeywest ministry team members should be comfortable working independently and as a part of a team ministry.

All applicants must meet the following:

This Semester (Spring 2024)
Be in good standing and maintain at least a 2.5 cumulative GPA at the time of appointment.
Attend abbeywest spring training on Sat-Sun, March (subject to change).
Attend the Leader Kick Off Night (Friday, April 5, 5-6:30 p.m.).
Expected to spend a few hours each week during this semester in preparation and training for next year. This will include some shadowing of current abbeywest coordinators, taking on a few responsibilities, and participating in some meetings.
Participate in abbeywest training sessions/meetings during the spring semester, 2024.
Complete at least 24 credit hours (full-time student status) by the end of the current spring semester at CUI. Members must be full-time students (12 units per semester).
2024-2025 Academic Year Responsibilities
Return to  Concordia University Irvine for the 2024-2025 academic year.
Available to return to campus for student leadership training on Sunday, August 5 - Sunday, August 20, 2024 (subject to change).
Available for various activities and programs during WOW.
Available to return to campus for spring student leadership training on Friday, January 5, 2024 (subject to change).
Meet regularly with the campus pastor or direct supervisor.
Attend weekly abbeywest leadership team meetings and all student leadership meetings.
Regularly attend Sunday evening CU Source worship service. Special considerations may be made in dialogue with Pastor Anderson if circumstances determine an appropriate agreed upon alternative.
Maintain a 2.75 GPA while holding position.
All other outside employment or activities must be pre-approved by your supervisor.
May not hold an outside job or position that will come into conflict with the responsibilities of the abbeywest position.
Agree to two academic semesters with performance reviews done at the conclusion of each semester.
Understand and hold to mission, vision and values of abbeywest.
Adhere to the Student Code of Conduct.
INT 105 is not required but highly recommended for leadership positions. Supervisory approval required to not participate.
Positions Available

abbeywest ministry team members assist the campus pastor by providing leadership to one of the following specific ministry areas within abbeywest:

Worship – Tech Coordinator	Nurture – Spiritual Care Coordinator
Worship – Chapel Coordinator	Service – Local Service Coordinator
Worship – CU Source Coordinator	Service – Global Missions Coordinator
Worship – SHOUT! Coordinator	Witness Coordinator
Nurture – Beloved Coordinator	Marketing & Communications Coordinator
Nurture – Battalion Coordinator	Connections Coordinator
Nurture – Athletics Coordinator
Compensation

$16.00 per hour

What is abbeywest?

abbeywest is a movement of students on the campus of Concordia University Irvine who desire to pursue dynamic discipleship in Jesus Christ. Turning to the teachings of Jesus, our mission is quite simply to make disciples of every  Concordia University Irvine generation.

Individual Position Sketches-Coordinators (10 hours a week)
Worship – Tech Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value for worship the Tech. Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor and Director of Contemporary Worship Arts in the implementation of a Technical Arts strategy within our weekly chapel and various worship settings (regular and specialty services). He/she will provide the ongoing organization and administration of the people who run the audio, visual, lighting, and special video production projects that support any given worship or chapel setting. Weekly set-up and tear-down of band and audio equipment for all band rehearsals, audio recordings of chapel messages, and projection support for various abbeywest events is a routine responsibility for this position. Regular seasonal care, maintenance, and management of all a