nd equip students to do missions.
 
Witness Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value of witness, the Witness Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of the Witness Program to educate, encourage, empower and guide disciples of Jesus to boldly share the gospel with non-Christians in our community (on campus and off). In addition, He/she will help bring evangelistic focus to current abbeywest programming. The Witness Coordinator will recruit and train a core team to help plan and execute witness activities to this end and purpose. Programs supporting a witness strategy may include promoting/developing witness training workshops, organizing table outreach opportunities, cultivating conversation partners for international students, sharing/producing evangelism resources, and creating witness events like ten28.
 
Marketing & Communications Coordinator
The Marketing & Communications Coordinator will help students engage in their discipleship by connecting them to ministry opportunities through social media, the MyCUI app, printed materials, and other avenues of outreach and communication in order to build significant relationships within the body of Christ. This position will also oversee the branding of abbeywest and all of its programs. Primary duties will consist of managing and posting to Campus Ministry social media channels and the MyCUI app. Additionally, the M&C Coordinator will train coordinators on Canva basics in order to create marketing materials for events. Once marketing materials are created, the M&C Coordinator will oversee approvals, printing and ensure materials are posted in a timely manner and in the proper places on campus. This Coordinator should have experience with recording, editing, and creating Instagram reels, experience with Canva or other graphic design software, and demonstrated excellent writing, grammar, and punctuation skills.
 
Connections Coordinator
The Connections Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in creating clear pathways that help engage students in their discipleship, deepen connection and participation within the body of Christ, and find meaningful opportunities for continued growth, commitment, and service. This will include:
Streamlining small group sign-ups and increasing visibility and follow through.
Cultivating an online system/mechanism to utilize SHAPE profile to engage students in God’s unique gifting/cultivating for service.
Assisting with the planning and implementation of 8 at 8 to engage potential abbeywest “actives” in deepening discipleship participation.
Strategizing for increasing Baptism inquiries and communicating content/information that helps bring inquiries to action/invitation.

If you desire more information on a particular position, please contact Emily Davis at (949) 214-3113 or emily.davis1@cui.edu.

Ready to apply?

START THE APPLICATION

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

