iscipleship in Jesus Christ. Turning to the teachings of Jesus, our mission is quite simply to make disciples of every  Concordia University Irvine generation.

Individual Position Sketches-Coordinators (10 hours a week)
Worship – Tech Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value for worship the Tech. Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor and Director of Contemporary Worship Arts in the implementation of a Technical Arts strategy within our weekly chapel and various worship settings (regular and specialty services). He/she will provide the ongoing organization and administration of the people who run the audio, visual, lighting, and special video production projects that support any given worship or chapel setting. Weekly set-up and tear-down of band and audio equipment for all band rehearsals, audio recordings of chapel messages, and projection support for various abbeywest events is a routine responsibility for this position. Regular seasonal care, maintenance, and management of all abbeywest equipment is required.
 
Worship – Chapel Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value for worship the Chapel Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor and Director of Contemporary Worship Arts in the implementation of a Worship Arts strategy within our weekly chapel settings.  He/she will support the execution of our diverse chapel experiences through their ongoing organization and administration of the people who serve within these chapel experiences.  Daily prep of all projected and/or printed material used in chapel is a routine responsibility along with the recruitment and scheduling of greeters, readers, liturgists, and cantors for chapels, and set-up/clean-up of the CU Center. Leadership and/or participation within all Worship Coordinator planning team meetings is expected.
 
Worship – CU Source Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value of worship, the Source Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor and Director of Contemporary Worship Arts in the implementation of a Worship Arts strategy within our weekly worship setting (currently each Sunday at 6:30 pm, but subject to change). He/she will support the execution of an evening worship plan through weekly administrative duties, musical preparation, creative communication and the organization/supervision of all  Concordia University Irvine people serving on our CU Source worship ministry teams. Leadership and/or participation within all Worship Coordinator planning team meetings, ongoing oversight of all volunteer team responsibilities, team devotions/prayer, and set-up of any rehearsal and worship space is routine.
Worship – SHOUT! Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value for worship the SHOUT! Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor and Director of Contemporary Worship Arts in the implementation of a Worship Arts strategy within the Thursday evening SHOUT worship setting.  Under the oversight of the campus pastor, he/she will provide leadership in the planning and execution of a student-led worship experience that is consistent with the Christian faith and Lutheran Confessions. The Coordinator supports the execution of the worship plan through weekly administrative duties, musical preparation, creative communication, and the organization/supervision of all  Concordia University Irvine people serving on our SHOUT ministry teams. Leadership and/or participation within all Worship Coordinator planning team meetings, ongoing oversight of all volunteer team responsibilities, team devotions/prayer, and set-up of any rehearsal and worship space is routine.
Nurture - Beloved Coordinator 
Supporting our ministry value of nurture, the Beloved Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of the Beloved Program. She will recruit and train discipleship group leaders whose responsibilities will be to create, support and empower groups of women to pursue dynamic discipleship together in Christ. The Beloved Coordinator will work with the Battalion Coordinator to plan large Nurture events. Ongoing organization and administration of various small groups will be routine.
 
Nurture - Battalion Coordinator 
Supporting our ministry value of nurture, the Battalion Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of the Battalion Program. He will recruit and train discipleship group leaders whose responsibilities will be to create, support and empower groups of men to pursue dynamic discipleship together in Christ. The Battalion Coordinator will work with the Beloved Coordinator to plan large Nurture events. Ongoing organization and administration of various small groups will be routine.
 
Nurture – Athletics Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value of nurture, the Athletics Ministry Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of an athletics ministry program. He/she will recruit and train small group leaders to facilitate, support and empower groups of student-athletes to pursue dynamic discipleship together in Christ as a part of Athlete B