https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/student-leadership/abbey-west/apply
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Student Leadership

ASCUI
LEAD
abbey west
PALs
RAs
Clubs and Organizations
Professional Staff
Applications
Related Links
Apply to abbey west
STUDENT LEADERSHIP
abbeywest

Thank you for prayerfully considering serving as a leader in abbeywest!

Requirements and Important Dates

An abbeywest ministry team member is expected to handle his/her responsibilities maturely and exhibit exemplary conduct while assuming the position.

An abbeywest ministry team member must have excellent communication skills and the ability to relate to a diverse student population. Organizational skills are also essential, as is the ability to learn quickly, multi-task, give clear instructions, and solve problems in a timely and efficient manner. abbeywest ministry team members must be able to relate well with students and  Concordia University Irvine faculty/staff. abbeywest ministry team members should be comfortable working independently and as a part of a team ministry.

All applicants must meet the following:

This Semester (Spring 2024)
Be in good standing and maintain at least a 2.5 cumulative GPA at the time of appointment.
Attend abbeywest spring training on Sat-Sun, March (subject to change).
Attend the Leader Kick Off Night (Friday, April 5, 5-6:30 p.m.).
Expected to spend a few hours each week during this semester in preparation and training for next year. This will include some shadowing of current abbeywest coordinators, taking on a few responsibilities, and participating in some meetings.
Participate in abbeywest training sessions/meetings during the spring semester, 2024.
Complete at least 24 credit hours (full-time student status) by the end of the current spring semester at CUI. Members must be full-time students (12 units per semester).
2024-2025 Academic Year Responsibilities
Return to  Concordia University Irvine for the 2024-2025 academic year.
Available to return to campus for student leadership training on Sunday, August 5 - Sunday, August 20, 2024 (subject to change).
Available for various activities and programs during WOW.
Available to return to campus for spring student leadership training on Friday, January 5, 2024 (subject to change).
Meet regularly with the campus pastor or direct supervisor.
Attend weekly abbeywest leadership team meetings and all student leadership meetings.
Regularly attend Sunday evening CU Source worship service. Special considerations may be made in dialogue with Pastor Anderson if circumstances determine an appropriate agreed upon alternative.
Maintain a 2.75 GPA while holding position.
All other outside employment or activities must be pre-approved by your supervisor.
May not hold an outside job or position that will come into conflict with the responsibilities of the abbeywest position.
Agree to two academic semesters with performance reviews done at the conclusion of each semester.
Understand and hold to mission, vision and values of abbeywest.
Adhere to the Student Code of Conduct.
INT 105 is not required but highly recommended for leadership positions. Supervisory approval required to not participate.
Positions Available

abbeywest ministry team members assist the campus pastor by providing leadership to one of the following specific ministry areas within abbeywest:

Worship – Tech Coordinator	Nurture – Spiritual Care Coordinator
Worship – Chapel Coordinator	Service – Local Service Coordinator
Worship – CU Source Coordinator	Service – Global Missions Coordinator
Worship – SHOUT! Coordinator	Witness Coordinator
Nurture – Beloved Coordinator	Marketing & Communications Coordinator
Nurture – Battalion Coordinator	Connections Coordinator
Nurture – Athletics Coordinator
Compensation

$16.00 per hour

What is abbeywest?

abbeywest is a movement of students on the campus of Concordia University Irvine who desire to pursue dynamic discipleship in Jesus Christ. Turning to the teachings of Jesus, our mission is quite simply to make disciples of every  Concordia University Irvine generation.

Individual Position Sketches-Coordinators (10 hours a week)
Worship – Tech Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value for worship the Tech. Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor and Director of Contemporary Worship Arts in the implementation of a Technical Arts strategy within our weekly chapel and various worship settings (regular and specialty services). He/she will provide the ongoing organization and administration of the people who run the audio, visual, lighting, and special video production projects that support any given worship or chapel setting. Weekly set-up and tear-down of band and audio equipment for all band rehearsals, audio recordings of chapel messages, and projection support for various abbeywest events is a routine responsibility for this position. Regular seasonal care, maintenance, and management of all abbeywest equipment is required.
 
Worship – Chapel Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value for worship the Chapel Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor and Director of Contemporary Worship Arts in the implementation of a Worship Arts strategy within our weekly chapel settings.  He/she will support the execution of our diverse chapel experiences through their ongoing organization and administration of the people who serve within these chapel experiences.  Daily prep of all projected and/or printed material used in chapel is a routine responsibility along with the recruitment and scheduling of greeters, readers, liturgists, and cantors for chapels, and set-up/clean-up of the CU Center. Leadership and/or participation within all Worship Coordinator planning team meetings is expected.
 
Worship – CU Source Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value of worship, the Source Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor and Director of Contemporary Worship Arts in the implementation of a Worship Arts strategy within our weekly worship setting (currently each Sunday at 6:30 pm, but subject to change). He/she will support the execution of an evening worship plan through weekly administrative duties, musical preparation, creative communication and the organization/supervision of all  Concordia University Irvine people serving on our CU Source worship ministry teams. Leadership and/or participation within all Worship Coordinator planning team meetings, ongoing oversight of all volunteer team responsibilities, team devotions/prayer, and set-up of any rehearsal and worship space is routine.
Worship – SHOUT! Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value for worship the SHOUT! Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor and Director of Contemporary Worship Arts in the implementation of a Worship Arts strategy within the Thursday evening SHOUT worship setting.  Under the oversight of the campus pastor, he/she will provide leadership in the planning and execution of a student-led worship experience that is consistent with the Christian faith and Lutheran Confessions. The Coordinator supports the execution of the worship plan through weekly administrative duties, musical preparation, creative communication, and the organization/supervision of all  Concordia University Irvine people serving on our SHOUT ministry teams. Leadership and/or participation within all Worship Coordinator planning team meetings, ongoing oversight of all volunteer team responsibilities, team devotions/prayer, and set-up of any rehearsal and worship space is routine.
Nurture - Beloved Coordinator 
Supporting our ministry value of nurture, the Beloved Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of the Beloved Program. She will recruit and train discipleship group leaders whose responsibilities will be to create, support and empower groups of women to pursue dynamic discipleship together in Christ. The Beloved Coordinator will work with the Battalion Coordinator to plan large Nurture events. Ongoing organization and administration of various small groups will be routine.
 
Nurture - Battalion Coordinator 
Supporting our ministry value of nurture, the Battalion Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of the Battalion Program. He will recruit and train discipleship group leaders whose responsibilities will be to create, support and empower groups of men to pursue dynamic discipleship together in Christ. The Battalion Coordinator will work with the Beloved Coordinator to plan large Nurture events. Ongoing organization and administration of various small groups will be routine.
 
Nurture – Athletics Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value of nurture, the Athletics Ministry Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of an athletics ministry program. He/she will recruit and train small group leaders to facilitate, support and empower groups of student-athletes to pursue dynamic discipleship together in Christ as a part of Athlete Bible Study (ABS). The Athletics Ministry Coordinator will organize, administrate and lead (with a team) all other details for ABS. He/she will work to build partnership/advocacy with key coaches and administrators within the Athletics Department as well as create intentional pathways for student-athletes to get connected to ABS and ultimately into the broader discipleship community within abbeywest.
 
Nurture – Spiritual Care Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value of nurture, the Spiritual Care Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of a spiritual care strategy primarily through prayer and encouragement. He/she will assist in recruiting and training a care ministry team that helps provide spiritual care to abbeywest “actives”. He/she will consult with the Lead Pastor on the spiritual needs of students, pray regularly for the “actives”, make consistent contact with them, and cultivate tools for building/supporting intentional spiritual care touch points with the discipleship community. In addition, the Spiritual Care Coordinator will (with a team) facilitate the set-up of communion for Sunday Source and be ready to assist with other non-musical aspects of the service.
 
Service – Local Service Coordinator
Supporting our ministry values of service and witness, the Local Missions Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of the Missions Program locally, providing opportunities for Concordia students to engage in service to God and others on campus and around Southern California. He/she will plan mission projects throughout the year that serve a variety of needs and types of people (or partner with projects from Concordia Cares to ensure a discipleship purpose to those opportunities). The Local Missions Coordinator will prepare participants for the experiences in advance, and help participants to debrief after the experience is over. The Coordinator will physically be present or designate and train others to lead in their place. The Local Missions Coordinator will hold regular meetings that inform, teach, and equip students to do missions.
 
Service – Global Missions Coordinator
Supporting our ministry values of service and witness, the Global Missions Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of the Missions Program globally, providing opportunities for Concordia students to engage in service to God and others beyond Southern California. He/she will communicate with Concordia students to make them aware of the University approved mission trips. They will plan projects to engage students in partnership with or learning from missionaries, organizations or global opportunities. This will include engaging a team in carrying out Night of Hope and engaging others in the annual Beautiful Feet Mission Conference. In addition, it could mean assisting to plan, mission trips as well as train and debrief participants. The Global Missions Coordinator will hold regular meetings that inform, teach and equip students to do missions.
 
Witness Coordinator
Supporting our ministry value of witness, the Witness Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in the implementation of the Witness Program to educate, encourage, empower and guide disciples of Jesus to boldly share the gospel with non-Christians in our community (on campus and off). In addition, He/she will help bring evangelistic focus to current abbeywest programming. The Witness Coordinator will recruit and train a core team to help plan and execute witness activities to this end and purpose. Programs supporting a witness strategy may include promoting/developing witness training workshops, organizing table outreach opportunities, cultivating conversation partners for international students, sharing/producing evangelism resources, and creating witness events like ten28.
 
Marketing & Communications Coordinator
The Marketing & Communications Coordinator will help students engage in their discipleship by connecting them to ministry opportunities through social media, the MyCUI app, printed materials, and other avenues of outreach and communication in order to build significant relationships within the body of Christ. This position will also oversee the branding of abbeywest and all of its programs. Primary duties will consist of managing and posting to Campus Ministry social media channels and the MyCUI app. Additionally, the M&C Coordinator will train coordinators on Canva basics in order to create marketing materials for events. Once marketing materials are created, the M&C Coordinator will oversee approvals, printing and ensure materials are posted in a timely manner and in the proper places on campus. This Coordinator should have experience with recording, editing, and creating Instagram reels, experience with Canva or other graphic design software, and demonstrated excellent writing, grammar, and punctuation skills.
 
Connections Coordinator
The Connections Coordinator will assist the Lead Pastor in creating clear pathways that help engage students in their discipleship, deepen connection and participation within the body of Christ, and find meaningful opportunities for continued growth, commitment, and service. This will include:
Streamlining small group sign-ups and increasing visibility and follow through.
Cultivating an online system/mechanism to utilize SHAPE profile to engage students in God’s unique gifting/cultivating for service.
Assisting with the planning and implementation of 8 at 8 to engage potential abbeywest “actives” in deepening discipleship participation.
Strategizing for increasing Baptism inquiries and communicating content/information that helps bring inquiries to action/invitation.

If you desire more information on a particular position, please contact Emily Davis at (949) 214-3113 or emily.davis1@cui.edu.

Ready to apply?

START THE APPLICATION

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

