tors must be able to relate well with students and CUI faculty/staff. LEAD Coordinators should be comfortable working independently and as a part of the LEAD and student leadership team. Experience with event planning is a plus, however not required.

Desirable characteristics:

Positive Christian Role Model
Responsible
Takes initiative
Integrity
Comfortable addressing groups
Ability to relate to a variety of personality types
Flexible
Perseverance, dedication and a sense of humor when encountering inevitable challenges
Ability to work closely with others as a leader and a team member
Leadership ability
Commitment

All applicants must meet the following:

Understand and believe in the objectives of the LEAD Program.
Complete at least 24 credit hours (full-time student status) by the end of the current spring semester at CUI. Members must be full-time students (at least 12 units per semester).
Be in good standing and maintain at least a 2.5 cumulative GPA at the time of appointment.
Must maintain a 2.75 GPA while holding the position
Enroll in INT 105 for the Fall 2024 or Spring 2025 semester (or already completed a previous semester)
Return to CUI for the 2024 to 2025 academic year.
Be available for all the dates and times previously mentioned.
May not hold any other student leadership position at Concordia University Irvine unless otherwise approved by the supervisor.
All outside jobs or positions must be approved by the supervisor. Any outside job or position must not come into direct conflict with the responsibilities of the LEAD position. (Do NOT make any personal plans during LEAD training, WOW, and Spring Orientation).
Responsibilities & Descriptions

The responsibilities of the Concordia Cares Coordinator are to:

Manage volunteers during off-campus trips to local nonprofits
Recruit students, staff, and faculty to participate in volunteer projects
Educate the campus on issues of poverty and inequality in Orange County
Work with Marketing Coordinator to thoroughly promote upcoming Concordia Cares events
Schedule and coordinate volunteer opportunities with local non-profits
Thoroughly promote upcoming events

The responsibilities of the Intramural Coordinator shall be to:

Obtain sign-ups for all Intramural activities
Select and schedule Intramural activities for the year
Hire, train, and schedule referees and scorekeepers
Coordinate work study students to work as referees, scorekeepers and first responders and determine their work schedules.
Be at all Intramural games
Keep records of teams and postgame results weekly
Plan and coordinate championship games for each sport
Ensure a safe environment for intramural activities
Thoroughly promote upcoming Intramurals events

The responsibilities of the Student Activities Coordinator are to:

Participate in the Involvement Fairs
Plan and coordinate all Homecoming activities including, but not limited to, a Spirit Week, dance, weekend events (in collaboration with Alumni Relations, ASCUI, and Screaming Eagles)
Plan and coordinate monthly events including Beach Bash, Suitcase Bingo, Fall Festival, Kindergarten Day, Rock the Amp, and other campus wide events
Thoroughly promote upcoming events

The responsibilities of the Hunt Coordinators are to:

Plan, execute, and market the Hunt Prey Day events & competitions in collaboration with RES, Intramurals, and Student Activities
Serve as the official Hunt scorekeeper and track of stamp card rewards and distribution
In collaboration with CUI Athletics, create incentives, half-time, pre-game, and post-game events to encourage attendance at predetermined sporting events
Run the Hunt social Media account and Hunt app page keeping all pages up to date and accurate
Serve as the official face of the Hunt, appearing in all videos and promotional materials and hyping up the competitions to students
Oversee the recruitment and operations of the Flight Club student section
Recruit Hunt ambassadors from each team to serve on the Hunt Committee
Compensation

LEAD Coordinators are paid $16.00 an hour for the 2024-25 academic year.

Questions

For questions about the LEAD Coordinator positions, please contact:

Amanda Norris
Director of Student Life & Leadership Development
(949) 214-3048
amanda.norris@cui.edu

Ready to apply?

START THE APPLICATION

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

