https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/ncaa/ryann-ferguson-first-ncaa-academic-all-america-selection-at-concordia
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
NCAA D2
Upcoming Events
Our Stories
Support CUI
Ryann Ferguson First NCAA Academic All-America Selection at Concordia
VALUING ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE ON A PATH TO GRADUATION

SCROLL

The 2015-16 PacWest Scholar-Athlete of the Year awards were announced on Tuesday. The awards recognize one student-athlete from each of the PacWest's 15 sponsored sports for their academic and athletic achievements during the year.

Concordia sophomore outfielder Ryann Ferguson was selected as the PacWest softball recipient. Ferguson, an exercise and sport science major, maintains a 3.95 GPA. This year she was selected a COSIDA Capital One Academic All-District and All-American selection, the first of the CUI NCAA era. On the field, she was a First Team All-PacWest honoree and Second Team NFCA All-West Region selection. She ranked fifth in PacWest in batting average (.400), first in slugging percentage (,711) and doubles (21), second in runs (53) and hits (76), and third in home runs (12). The honorees were selected in a vote by the PacWest sports information directors.

"It is such an honor to be recognized for my hard work in the classroom," Ferguson said.

I take pride not only in my athletic performance but my education as well. I thank God for putting me at such an amazing school where I am surrounded by peers, professors, and coaches who encourage me to excel in the classroom. I feel so blessed to represent this school in such a way because it has already given me so much to be grateful for.

Eighteen of the 33 members of the 2016 CoSIDA Academic All-America® NCAA Division II softball teams have at least a 3.90 G.P.A., including eight student-athletes who maintain a perfect 4.00 G.P.A. The 11 members of the first team have an average G.P.A. of 3.85, as does the average for all three teams.

To be nominated, a student-athlete must be a starter or important reserve with at least a 3.30 cumulative grade point average (on a 4.0 scale) at his/her current institution.
Nominated athletes must have participated in at least 50 percent of the team's games at the position listed on the nomination form (where applicable). In baseball and softball, pitchers must have at least 10.0 innings pitched. Athletes who have not participated in at least 50 percent of their team's contests are not eligible.
Read More Stories
CUI ‘family’ embraces NCAA DII membership, challenge
Screaming Eagles score with Midnight Madness
Playing under the Blue Dot
Bigger and Better Things Ahead for Concordia
CUI Advances in NCAA DII Membership Process
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

