le Player. She ranked seventh in the 1996 Games in Atlanta.

Weishoff, who said she gained so much from each experience, said it’s important to her to teach her team to be not only better players but better people.

Coaching the Eagles from 2004 to 2008, Weishoff helped CUI establish a nationally ranked women’s volleyball program, leading the team to become National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) champions in 2012.

CUI has 20 varsity sports and about 450 student-athletes. Over the last five years, CUI has won five NAIA National Championship Titles in baseball, men’s basketball, women’s volleyball, men’s volleyball, and softball.

Weishoff now embraces the challenge of helping CUI become NCAA DII. She said the university has all the tools to succeed.

Weishoff said becoming DII exemplifies CUI’s commitment to excellence both academically and athletically. The move brings higher academic standards and prestige.

“As a coach, DII means a higher level of accountability,” Weishoff said.

For the players, it brings the prestige of NCAA and through the Student-Athlete Advisory Committee (SAAC), the ability to have a bigger voice in decisions relating to practice and playing opportunities.

A balanced emphasis on academic excellence and athletic achievement make NCAA Division II colleges and universities attractive to student-athletes. With seasons not played year-long, student-athletes are able to take part in campus life, do well academically, and foster relationships in the community while undertaking their athletic pursuits, according to the NCAA.

Consistent growth in enrollment, financial stability, notability in athletics, and academic honors and achievements have positioned CUI to pursue NCAA Division II membership, according to university officials. CUI will continue toward full membership in 2017-18. If approved, it will be the only NCAA DII school in Orange County.

Read More Stories
Valuing Academic Excellence on a Path to Graduation
Screaming Eagles score with Midnight Madness
Playing under the Blue Dot
Bigger and Better Things Ahead for Concordia
CUI Advances in NCAA DII Membership Process
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

