rned about how we leave her program. She wants us all to develop into better people and respectable young women,” Ferguson said, adding,

She’s there to coach us softball, but she knows there’s bigger and more important things in life.

Ferguson has played softball since she was 4 years old. However, she said neither academics nor athletics come easy to her.

“I’ve always had to work really hard at it. I do like to be perfect, which sometimes is a flaw, but at the same time, it really does make me work hard for what I want,” Ferguson said, adding she’s willing to work harder still for a NCAA DII school.

“When I think of going DII, it’s going to the next level,” she said. “You’re surrounded by more athletes, and more competition makes me work even harder. When I see people around me working really hard at what they do, it motivates me to work even harder.”

Speaking as both, becoming DII will make CUI more attractive to athletes and students in general, Ferguson said.

“It’s going to help us grow even more as a school,” she said. “I think it’s nice to be going into something new. It’s a different journey. There are different rules and regulations we all have to get used to. Being in a conference with different schools is really exciting.”

Ferguson’s life philosophy is to do everything for the glory of God, including playing softball.

I am a Christian; that has a lot to do with how I act and perform. I play softball to glorify God. That’s a big component of why I am the way I am,

Ferguson is majoring in sports science with plans of going into the accelerated nursing program. She hopes to graduate with a bachelor’s degree and registered nurse license.

Read More Stories
Valuing Academic Excellence on a Path to Graduation
CUI ‘family’ embraces NCAA DII membership, challenge
Screaming Eagles score with Midnight Madness
Bigger and Better Things Ahead for Concordia
CUI Advances in NCAA DII Membership Process
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

