 cui.edu/coronavirus frequently for the most up-to-date official information.

At times like this, rumors start to fly, and it’s easy for inaccurate information to spread. Please consider the source of any information you receive, and please think carefully before forwarding it to others. Please direct any general questions or comments about items not covered below to COVID-19@cui.edu; our leadership team will respond as quickly as possible.

Academics

All students will receive a separate email today with detailed instructions about our transition to online instruction, which officially begins on Wednesday, March 18. Please use the time between now and then to use some of the tutorial materials provided so that you can increase your knowledge and skills in the use of online learning tools.

Athletics

All CUI Athletics games, competitions, and practices are cancelled for the remainder of the Spring semester. The NCAA has cancelled all events, and the PacWest Conference has suspended all events through March 30. For athletics updates, visit cuieagles.com.

CU Active, the weight room, and Open Gym hours will remain available to all students.

Arts Events

All rehearsals, concerts and performances are cancelled for the remainder of the Spring semester, with the exception of Junior/Senior Recitals. No outside attendees will be allowed at recitals, except immediate family members. Live-streaming will be made available for students who have opted to return home for the remainder of the semester. Contact Jeff Held, Assistant Dean, School of Arts and Sciences with any additional questions.

Chapel Worship

Regularly-scheduled morning Chapel services will continue. Please observe the standard 6-foot social distance guidelines if you choose to attend.

Other Events

A decision about Commencement will be communicated next week. All mission and service trips have been postponed through summer. To check on the status of other university-sponsored campus events and activities, contact academic program leadership or the Office of Student Affairs.

Wellness Center Update

As with every other cold/flu season, CUI does have procedures in place to isolate students who are ill or who need to self-quarantine, both for on-campus and off-campus residents. Please be respectful of the privacy of others.

Presently, CUI does have two students in isolation with illnesses not related to COVID-19.
A member of the CUI community is under self-quarantine off campus after possible exposure to COVID-19 on a recent trip abroad. The individual has not been on campus since returning from the trip.
The Wellness Center remains open Monday-Friday 9am-4pm, for both medical and counseling services. Please visit cui.edu/wellness for more information and psychological tips on managing COVID-19.
Students who have a fever, or believe they have a fever, should call the Wellness Center ahead of time at (949) 214-3102, so that they can be screened by phone, and minimize their wait time.

Please continue to hold one another up in prayer, reach out to friends who are experiencing anxiety and fear, and know that the faculty and staff are here to support all of you. We cherish the promises our Lord has given: Fear not, for I am with you; be not dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you, I will help you, I will uphold you with my righteous right hand (Isaiah 41:10).

March 12, 2020
‌
Concordia University Irvine cancels face-to-face instruction effective Friday, March 13

March 12, 2020
A Message from the Office of the President

We have been closely monitoring the COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak and understand the fear and uncertainty that this health crisis has created for the Concordia University Irvine community and beyond.

Out of an abundance of caution for the entire campus community and the broader community, Concordia University Irvine is cancelling face-to-face instruction effective Friday, March 13 and will transition instruction to online formats effective Wednesday, March 18.

The safety of our students and employees is our top priority. While CUI's campus remains open, and no cases of COVID-19 have been reported on our campus, we have activated this response to limit the spread of the virus. In accordance with the advisory issued recently by the California Department of Public Health and Governor Gavin Newsom, the University has taken the actions that are listed below. However, this situation remains very fluid. Members of the CUI COVID-19 Response Team are in constant, close communication with local and statewide healthcare agencies. We will be issuing regular updates in the coming days.

Continuity of Instruction Plan
Starting Friday, March 13, all face-to-face and hybrid classes are cancelled to allow a smooth and orderly transition to the online format. These classes will resume online on Wednesday, March 18.
Existing online courses will continue without disruption.
All CUI classes will remain online until the end of finals week for th