ity, while also respecting the health and safety concerns of our students, employees, and neighbors.

As many of you have no doubt seen in the news these past weeks, many colleges and universities have begun the semester in person, only to cancel those plans and revert to online instruction. Often, student conduct in off-campus settings and on-campus residential housing has led to outbreaks of COVID-19 infections, causing institutions to clamp down on student activities and, in some cases, send students home.

We challenge our students - be better than what you have seen in the news. Care for one another. Hold each other accountable. Let your neighbor’s welfare be the compass for your behavior.

In so many ways, returning to campus this fall will not be tantamount to “returning to normal.” It will look and feel different on campus as we learn new ways to interact with friends, classmates, and professors. We will navigate online classes together, worship together, and eat meals outside together. We will relish that our SoCal location lets us be outside! We will practice civility, offer encouragement when we see distress, and extend God’s grace to one another in response to God’s redeeming love for us. We will carry out our vocations as students, teachers, roommates, workers, and family members so that the love of God shines through us for all to see.

We are ready to be CUItogether!

For His Students,

Michael A. Thomas, Ph.D.
President, Concordia University Irvine

August 12, 2020
‌
Campus Update Regarding State and Local Guidance

August 12, 2020

Greetings, CUI Students and Families!

On Friday, August 7, the California Department of Public Health released the long-awaited COVID-19 Industry Guidance for Institutions of Higher Education. The guidelines offered mostly good news for our community although some challenges remain.

State and County Guidance for Higher Education

Concordia's Return to Campus plan aligns very well with the state guidance document, validating our months of careful planning and preparation. The decisions we have made about beginning the fall semester in an online format and housing students on campus in a reduced capacity also align with the guidance. Some of the highlights from the state guidance document include:

Institutions of higher education in counties on the CA state watch are limited to online instruction. Counties must see infections fall for 14 days before they can be removed from the state watch list. The county must stay off the watch list for three days before resuming in-person, dual mode courses.
All courses start online, with exceptions for some labs and studio arts. CUI is pursuing further guidance from the Orange County Health Care Agency regarding what limitations and guidelines will apply to courses falling under these categories. CUI is currently preparing a list of in-person lab courses and will communicate this in the days ahead.
As was the case over the summer, programs that prepare “essential” workers, such as Concordia’s Nursing programs, are allowed to have in-person instruction.

In addition, the state guidance laid out for campus operations align well with our own Return to Campus guidelines:

CUI has a campus-specific COVID-19 protection plan in place.
Plans for physical distancing on campus and in classrooms are in place.
We will limit non-essential visitors and activities.
Non-essential shared spaces will be closed.
Food service will provide grab-and-go and individual meals.
Residence halls will prioritize single room occupancy.
Students, faculty, and staff will be trained in COVID-19 prevention.

The guidance on residence hall occupancy in particular is good news. We were able to accommodate all housing need requests submitted by students, and our residential housing plans fall well within the state’s guidelines.

Collegiate sports also face special restrictions, for which CUI Athletics has prepared:

Practices may resume in accordance with all PacWest athletic conference safety plans. To begin, only strength and conditioning activities will be allowed.
Fall sports competitions are postponed until spring.
Once competition resumes, there will be mandatory regular testing of athletes and staff, with isolation and quarantine required for positive tests.
Masks will be required for anyone attending a game (e.g. coaches, players, officials, et al.) but not currently playing.
No spectators will be allowed at events.

Concordia University Irvine will work with the Orange County Health Care Agency regarding allowable campus activities and guidelines for in-person courses. At this time, outdoor worship (without singing) and outdoor physical fitness activities are allowable on campus. Most other in-person group activities for students are not permitted at this time, including choral activities, theatre activities, brass and woodwind instrument playing. We understand how disappointing this news is for our many music, theatre students, and residential student