tain that an on-campus event of this magnitude would not be cancelled.

Virtual commencement ceremonies celebrating the Class of 2020 will now be held on Saturday, June 27 at 1pm, PST. Everything will be pre-recorded, but we will offer synchronous chat for messages of joy and celebration. Please join in watching the event and supporting our Class of 2020 graduates. We will have three separate ceremonies playing at the same time: Undergraduate; School of Education Graduate programs; and all other Graduate programs. Links will be sent out in an email closer to the ceremony date. You can also look for updates on the graduation website.

We are sad that we must put this celebration online, but we are also glad that we can help our graduates celebrate their successes sooner.

Campus Visits Now Available

Local government authorities have granted us permission to allow campus visits by appointment. Some of our new incoming students have not yet been able to visit campus in person, so we are very excited to offer them a tour of campus!

SCHEDULE A VISIT

If you have any questions about visiting campus, email our Associate Director of Visit Services, Taylor Detviler, at taylor.detviler@cui.edu.

We will continue to send updates every two weeks. If you have questions, please contact COVID-19@cui.edu or visit cui.edu/covid19. We pray for your continued safety and good health, and we eagerly await your return to campus so we can be #CUItogether!

For His Students,

Michael A. Thomas, Ph.D.
President, Concordia University Irvine

April 28, 2020
‌
CUI to welcome students back to campus for Fall 2020

April 28, 2020

‘For I know the plans I have for you,’ declares the Lord, ‘plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.’

Jeremiah 29:11

Concordia Students and Families,

I am reaching out to you to address the question on everyone’s minds: Will our students be able to return to campus for the Fall 2020 semester? I want to reassure you that it is our full intention to re-open the campus for the start of the new academic year, in accordance with all local, state and federal guidelines.

In my many conversations with students in recent weeks, it is patently clear how much they miss the face-to-face interaction with their professors and the sense of community on campus. These are some of the hallmarks of the “Concordia Experience” and the reason why we are doing everything we can to bring the community back together as soon as it’s safe to do so.

The health and safety of our students, staff, and faculty is our number one priority. While much is still unknown about the path forward through this pandemic, CUI is committed to ensuring safe campus operations so that you will feel confident returning to the campus.

Concordia’s leaders are actively working on plans to welcome you back to the campus. While we cannot foresee the situation in the fall, we are working on a variety of options that will enable us to operate safely. These include modified configurations and practices to enable social distancing in the residence halls, classrooms, labs, chapel, dining facilities, etc. Concordia’s emphasis on small class sizes is a distinct benefit here, making the potential for classroom restrictions easier to plan for. CUI’s leadership team will continue to communicate with the campus community as decisions are made and details are available.

CUI is very fortunate to have a dynamic infrastructure that enables flexible class delivery, for both our undergraduate and graduate programs. Our faculty and academic support teams have done amazing work when asked to begin teaching remotely on very short notice this spring semester. While we intend to resume face-to-face instruction in the fall for undergraduates, our dedicated team is planning also for any instructional contingencies that may be necessary. At CUI, we offer fully online programs for graduate students. These courses will continue as usual this summer and beyond.

Our mission to be guided by the Great Commission of Christ Jesus and the Lutheran Confessions, empowering students through the liberal arts and professional studies for lives of learning, service and leadership will continue. We will work together, trusting in God’s grace, confident that we will emerge from this time stronger and unwavering in our commitment to fulfill our vocations to serve God’s people.

Concordia University Irvine has continually provided a holistic Lutheran Christian education to enable students to serve a world that is in desperate need of hope. Today, more than ever, this hope is needed!

May God bless you and your families during this most unprecedented time!

For His Students,

Michael A. Thomas, Ph.D.
President, Concordia University Irvine

April 21, 2020
‌
Updates on Financial Aid, SAT/ACT waiver, and extended Enrollment deposit deadline

April 21, 2020

It is hard to believe that the semester is almost at an end. Members of our community have been busy on mult