nt coursework has transitioned online, with the exception of some internships, practicums, and other external practical experience courses.

For questions and assistance regarding online coursework, visit the Student Guidance for Continuity of Instruction resource page, which is updated frequently.
For questions regarding internships, practicums, and related external experience courses, contact your faculty advisor.
Remote Work for Employees

Concordia University Irvine employees were previously instructed to work remotely through March 31, with a return to work date set for Wednesday, April 1. Due to the present shelter-in-place guideline instituted within the state of California, remote work has been extended indefinitely. Once the shelter-in-place guideline has been lifted, university leadership will communicate a new date of return to work.

Mail Services

The Mail Room is still receiving and sending mail. Hours of operation are from 10 am - 2 pm, Monday through Friday. Mail will not be delivered, but can be picked up from 1-2 pm, Monday through Friday. Department supervisors have been asked to designate an employee to pick up mail. Residential students remaining on campus may pick up mail between 1-2 pm, Monday through Friday.

Building Access

Beginning Monday, March 23, all buildings on campus will be locked. In order to gain access to any campus building, you will need to contact Campus Safety dispatch at (949) 214-3000 for key assistance.

Spiritual Care

Although we are apart, our campus community continues to come together in prayer and to share God’s word. New chapel podcasts are posted every Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday. All podcasts can be found at cui.edu/mycui by clicking the podcast banner. To submit a prayer request, email prayers@cui.edu. In the days ahead, more spiritual resources will be forwarded to the campus community.

March 24, 2020
‌
New Grading Options for Spring 2020

March 24, 2020

For Spring 2020 courses, traditional undergraduate students now have two additional grading options.

The deadline to withdraw from one or more courses has been extended to Friday, April 24. This is the last instructional day before final exams week. This applies to courses taken for the major, minor, Q&I, and electives.
After final exams and final grades are submitted on May 5, you may elect a Pass or No Pass (P/NP) grade in one or more of your courses. This includes courses that were taken for the major, minor, Q&I, and electives. Students have one week after final grades are submitted to select this option.

To withdraw from a course, fill out the Undergraduate Course Withdrawal Form as instructed and submit it to the Registrar’s Office by Friday, April 24.

To select the Pass or No Pass option, fill out the Student Grade Change: Pass/No Pass, Spring 2020 form as instructed and submit it to the Registrar’s Office between Wednesday, May 6 and Tuesday, May 12. This form (which must be authenticated through your Eagles email account) will be available on the Registrar’s website on Tuesday, May 5.

Frequently Asked Questions
What do Pass (P) and No Pass (NP) grades equate to?

P grades equate to a C- or higher grade and give credit for the course. NP grades equate to a D+ or lower grade; no credit is given for the course.

Do Pass and No Pass grades impact my GPA?

No. A student’s GPA is not impacted by a P or NP grade. While letter grades come with “grade points” (e.g., A = 4.0, B = 3.0, etc.), P and NP grades do not come with grade points. They are neutral in calculating the GPA.

What is the difference between a W and NP?

A W simply signals that a student withdrew from a course; it does not signal why or what the final grade could or would have been. An NP grade signals that the student did not pass the course. Neither the W or the NP option impact the student’s GPA.

Can graduating seniors use P/NP grades?

Yes, since a P grade satisfies the grade requirement for passing a course and earning credit. However, an NP grade does neither. Turning a low passing grade (e.g., D) into a NP could cause a problem with fulfilling graduation requirements. If you have questions, contact Sarah Anderson, the Senior Records Coordinator for Graduation and Degree Audits (sarah.anderson2@cui.edu).

Can international students use P/NP grades?

Yes. If you have questions, contact Faith McKinney, the Senior Director of the Moon International Center (faith.mckinney@cui.edu).

Can student-athletes use P/NP grades?

Yes, so long as a student-athlete earns a passing grade for satisfactory progress toward the degree (as defined by the NCAA). If you have questions, contact Sarah Anderson, the Athletic Eligibility Coordinator (kelly.flynn@cui.edu).

Can students on the GI Bill use P/NP grades?

Possibly. Students on the GI Bill must earn grades of A-F or P for at least 12 units to avoid repaying some of their GI Bill funds. Any student on the GI Bill who wishes to use a P/NP grade should contact Steve Leader, the Dir