izes that certain circumstances warrant the need for individuals to leave behind personal property in an effort to vacate the residence halls before the noted time of 5:00 pm on Thursday, March 19, 2020. In an effort to support those who have to leave property behind, we are working to develop formal processes to manage this personal property. This is not a process of convenience and is only being provided for those who have had to vacate items in an effort to leave in a hurry or who were unable to return to campus to retrieve belongings. After 5:00 pm on March 19, 2020, we will evaluate all rooms where residents have moved out. Rooms approved for extension beyond the checkout date will not be evaluated until the student moves out. Should items be left in a room by a checked out resident, the university will inventory, box, and label personal property.

To provide clarity about what students can expect in this process, the following information is provided:

Retrieval of personal property

Students who have left campus, but not officially checked out and still have items remaining in their room should initiate check-out procedures and retrieve their belongings by the check-out deadline of Thursday, March 19, by 5:00 pm.

Should a student be unable to retrieve personal property by the checkout date, the student can work with the university to gain access to their space for removal of items. Please contact RES@cui.edu to arrange a time for pick up of items. There will be no charge to hold items until April 1, 2020.

Arrangements for storage and shipping must be communicated to RES@cui.edu by April 1, 2020. If no request for storage or shipping is communicated by April 1, items will be considered abandoned and donated to a shelter.

Inventory and boxing of items

Once the inventory and boxing period begins after April 1, University Services staff will enter all vacated rooms and inventory any items remaining and box up items. Boxes will be tagged and noted as property of the name of the resident student. Items will remain in the room awaiting guidance from the student on whether the items should be stored until a later date or sent out for shipping. There will be a charge of $100 per student to box all items.

See the Item Shipping section below for details on shipping. If you prefer to use a third party for storage and moving solutions, U-Haul is offering special rates at this time: visit uhaul.com/storage.

Item storage

We will begin charging for storage on April 1, 2020. Any student with items left on campus will be charged $75 per month (or portion thereof) for storage of items. The student will be billed to their student account the amount covering the period of time between the official start date and the date their belongings are retrieved or shipped, whatever comes first. Items will be held in storage until August 16, 2020 for students who have requested campus storage.

Item shipping

A student may opt to have their items shipped once items have been inventoried, boxed, and labeled. The university will only ship items that can fit into standard sized moving boxes. The student will be billed the total cost for shipping of items, as well as any monthly rate for storage, starting the first day of the storage period and ending the date of shipping. Items must be shipped on or before May 1, 2020.

Abandoned property

Any personal property that is not claimed, or for which arrangements for storage have not been communicated by April 1, will be considered abandoned and donated to a local shelter.

We recognize that these are very difficult times and students are facing many challenges. We will continue to make every attempt to make these processes convenient and be supportive of students with special circumstances. Should any adjustments be made to these policies and procedures, timely notification will be made. If you have any further questions please email RES@cui.edu.

Food Service

For students and essential staff remaining on campus, Bon Appétit has already instituted a Grab-and-Go service. Community members may pick up meals at the cafeteria, but cafeteria seating will not be available beginning Wednesday morning, March 18. Beginning Friday morning, March 20, individuals will be allowed into the cafeteria in groups of 10. Community members are strongly advised to observe social distance guidelines during mealtimes.

Public Spaces Closed, effective Wednesday morning, March 18
Chapel
CU Active fitness center
CU Arena (gymnasium and weight room)
Library
Founders Bookstore
Offices Closed, with service remaining remotely by email and online through April 1, unless further guidance is provided
Library | librarian@cui.edu
Tutoring Services and Writing Studio | Tutoring Services and the Writing Studio have added video-conferencing and e-tutoring to our WCOnline appointment schedules so that students continue to get the academic support they need.
Registrar’s Office | registrar@cui.edu
Academic Advising | Visi