 be in place through January 28, 2021 and will be reevaluated prior to that date.

COVID-19 Testing for Spring 2022

There is no COVID-19 testing requirement in place for students returning to campus after Christmas Break. However, certain groups of students will be required to take a COVID-19 test in order to be cleared to participate in campus co-curricular activities. All student athletes, music, theatre, and forensics students will receive a communication about scheduling a test after their return to campus in January. All other students may request a COVID-19 test, but are not required to be tested to return to residence halls, in-person classes, or other campus activities.

New COVID-19 Testing Options

Concordia University Irvine has partnered with a new provider, Color, to provide free COVID-19 testing for faculty, staff, and students. There will also be expanded testing opportunities for individuals who must test regularly. Students and employees can set up an account with Color to expedite testing, and results texted directly to the individual within 24-48 hours.

More information and registration instructions for setting up an account with Color will be posted soon.

We strongly advise students and employees who are experiencing illness during Christmas Break to delay their return to campus until their symptoms resolve. Students who have been identified as a close contact of an individual diagnosed with COVID-19 during the semester break, please notify the Wellness Center at wellness@cui.edu. Employees identified as close contacts should contact hr@cui.edu.

Updated International Air Travel Requirements

Starting December 6, all air passengers, regardless of vaccination status, must show a negative COVID-19 test taken no more than one day before travel to the United States. All students and employees who plan to travel internationally during the semester break should consult the updated CDC travel requirements.

Campus Services During Christmas Break

Most University offices and services will be closed during the semester break.

The Wellness Center, Library, and Mail Room will be closed December 18 - January 2.
Bon Appetit Food Service will close Friday, December 17 after dinner and reopen on Sunday, January 9 for dinner. No food service will be available for students who opt to stay on campus during the break.
Campus Safety will remain open. Please call dispatch at 949-214-3000 for emergencies and other needs and services.

Residential students have received separate communication from the Residential Services about procedures and requirements for the Christmas Break.

Information about our campus COVID-19 cases is available on our COVID-19 dashboard. For questions about travel requirements, testing, or campus COVID-19 guidelines, please contact covid-19@cui.edu.

October 28, 2021
‌
Campus Update: Thanksgiving Holiday Reminders

October 28, 2021

Dear Campus Community,

As the Thanksgiving holiday quickly approaches, we want to provide you with information about campus services during the holiday break, COVID-19 testing, and new travel requirements that may affect members of our international student population.

New Air Travel Requirements for Non-US Citizens and Non-US Immigrants

Effective November 8, 2021 all non-U.S. residents and non-U.S. immigrants traveling by air to the United States will be required to show proof of COVID-19 vaccination, as well as a negative COVID-19 test result.

All CUI international students are encouraged to contact the Moon International Center regarding the new travel requirements from the CDC, especially if they plan to travel internationally during the Thanksgiving or Christmas break.

Campus Services During Thanksgiving Break

Most University offices and many services will be closed during the Thanksgiving break.

The Wellness Center, Library, and Mail Room will be closed November 20-28.
Bon Appetit Food Service will close Friday, November 19 after dinner and reopen on Sunday, November 28 for dinner. Limited food service will still be available for students required to stay on campus during the break.
Campus Safety will remain open. Please call dispatch at 949-213-3000 for emergencies and other needs and services.

Residential students have received a separate communication from the Residential Services about procedures and requirements for the Thanksgiving break.

COVID-19 Testing Available

There is no testing requirement in place for students returning to campus after Thanksgiving break. However, any student may request a COVID-19 test through the Wellness Center.

We strongly advise students who are experiencing illness during Thanksgiving break to delay their return to campus until their symptoms resolve. If you have been identified as a close contact of an individual diagnosed with COVID-19, please notify the Wellness Center at wellness@cui.edu.

Information about our campus COVID-19 cases is available on our COVID-19 dashboard. For questions about tra