.edu or call (949) 214-3175.

Health Reminder - Don't Forget Your Flu Vaccine!

We strongly recommend that all students, and particularly our residential students, get the influenza vaccine as soon as possible. The COVID-19 virus is not the only communicable disease to worry about this season! Because the coronavirus that causes COVID-19 has similar symptoms to seasonal flu viruses, being vaccinated against the flu will help students and health care providers determine who needs to be tested for COVID-19. Contact your local health provider for information about the availability of the flu vaccine in your area.

We praise God that the long-awaited, state guidance aligns well with the months of planning and preparation we have undertaken. We eagerly await the return of all our students, faculty, and staff for the beginning of the traditional undergraduate fall semester. We will continue the important work of preparing students for their God-given vocations.

May the Lord richly bless each and every one of you this year as we open the traditional academic year! Please pray for every member of the Concordia community over the coming weeks and months. We know that this year will be an adventure for all of us, and one that each of us will always remember!

For His Students,

Michael A. Thomas, Ph.D.
President, Concordia University Irvine

August 7, 2020
‌
California State Guidance for Higher Education Has Been Released

August 7, 2020

On Friday, August 7, the California Department of Public Health released the long-awaited COVID-19 Industry Guidance for Institutions of Higher Education. The guidance is good news for Concordia University Irvine. Our preliminary reading of the guidance indicates that it seems to align well with the months of planning and preparation we have done.

Concordia’s leadership team will continue to examine the document and we will issue a more thorough report of our findings early next week after further consultation with the Orange County Health Care Agency.

July 30, 2020
‌
Campus Update from the President on Plans for the Fall Semester

July 30, 2020

Dear CUI Students and Families,

We have planned, prayed for, and sincerely hoped for a return to on-campus instruction for the fall semester. Unfortunately, those plans must now take a different course. Our local area remains on the California state watchlist, which places further restrictions on local businesses and schools in Orange County. While Governor Newsom has not yet released guidelines for higher education, Concordia’s leadership team feels compelled to take necessary steps now to protect our campus community amidst the ongoing threat of the COVID-19 pandemic in our area and to provide some clarity to our students and their families.

Beginning the Semester Online with an Altered Start Date

As such, CUI has determined that we will delay the start of our traditional undergraduate academic semester to Monday, August 31. Our traditional undergraduate students will begin the semester in a fully online format, with the intention to transition to dual mode instruction as soon as state and local guidance permits.

The two-week delay in the start of classes will allow our faculty, staff, and students more time to pivot and prepare for the revised expectations of fully remote learning. During those additional weeks of preparation, students can expect virtual meetings with their academic departments, as well as “Zoominars” led by our Office of Innovative Instruction and eLearning (OIIE) to help students familiarize themselves with the technology and tools available for successful remote learning.

Our Nursing students will continue modified in-person instruction on the main campus, beginning their fall session as scheduled on August 17. Graduate programs and other programs which are typically delivered through an online modality will also begin as previously scheduled. The MBA program will be offered in a fully online format.

Changes to Residential Life

In addition to beginning the semester with fully online instruction, we have decided to move forward with a revised housing strategy for the fall semester. To support the health and safety of residential students, faculty, and staff, and to comply with what we now anticipate will be the state guidance for student housing, we will reduce occupancy in the residence halls.

CUI Housing staff will be working directly with students to submit additional information about their need for housing this fall according to these new protocols. Students are asked to read all communication from Housing staff carefully and comply with the listed deadlines. There is a limited timeframe to gather information and notify students about the availability of fall housing. Failure to submit information accurately and in a timely manner may prevent a student from receiving full consideration for housing during the fall semester. Priority for housing accommodations will be communicated early next week.

We fir