 courses and campus life, and a more “normal” college experience. This might still include some safety measures, in accordance with local public health guidance at that time. We are planning for every contingency… and we have gotten very good at planning in the time of COVID!

Planning for the Fall Semester

Academic Advising: The Academic Advising season for the Fall 2021 undergraduate semester is underway. If you have not already done so, make an appointment with your academic advisor to plan out your fall semester courses and receive your pin to register for classes. Priority registration for Fall 2021 classes will open between April 11-14 based on your student classification.

SCHEDULE ADVISING APPOINTMENT

Housing Applications: Housing applications for the Fall 2021 semester open March 1. Residence halls will operate at full capacity. Stay tuned for news about exciting new amenities being planned to augment the student residence life experience! All students under the age of 22 are required to live on campus. Students who wish to live off campus must complete an Off-Campus Housing Appeal Form.

Finishing the Spring 2021 Semester

Dual Mode: Each week the decreasing COVID-19 numbers in Orange County bring us closer to being in the “red” tier where we can hold courses in person at 25% of classroom capacity. This tier would allow us to move to dual mode, with some students in the classroom and the rest online at the same time. This move could happen in mid to late March. Stay tuned to University emails and communications from your professors for further information.

Health and Safety Reminders

Do it for your neighbor. Had COVID already? Tired of testing and quarantines? COVID fatigue is real, but so is the ongoing threat to your friends, neighbors, and family. Keep tracking your symptoms using the Campus Clear app, and do your part to help keep our campus community safe. By maintaining safety guidelines now, we can continue to flatten the curve of infections and look forward to easing restrictions in the weeks and months ahead.

Keep wearing those masks! While infection rates continue to go down, now is not the time to ease up on health and safety guidelines. The CDC continues to recommend wearing a cloth face covering when outside of your immediate household. Read the latest CDC masking recommendations.

Maintain Physical Distance. Keep at least 6 ft. of physical distance between you and your neighbor, both indoors and outside. Gatherings in the residence halls are still not permitted, although we anticipate that we’ll be able to relax room visitation guidelines soon!

Wash your hands. Washing your hands is one of the most important things you can do to keep all sorts of germs at bay – not just COVID-19!

Post Spring Break Testing. The Wellness Center is offering PCR testing for all students upon their return from Spring Break. Students are required to pre-register for an appointment; no walk-ups will be allowed.

Testing appointments will be available on Tuesday, March 9 from 1:00pm-3:00pm, and on Wednesday, March 10 from 10:00am-12:00pm.

Once you have signed up for an on-campus testing slot, please remember to upload your insurance information prior to your appointment.

SCHEDULE TESTING APPOINTMENT

UPLOAD INSURANCE INFO

Have a blessed and restful Spring Break – and remember to stay safe!

January 13, 2021
‌
Campus Update for the New Semester

January 13, 2021

The new semester is underway, bringing both excitement and challenges as we welcome residential students back to campus and classes begin. Gathering as a community once again, we look forward to being #CUITogether once again!

Residential Life

Approximately 585 students moved into the residence halls for the Spring 2021 semester. All students were tested for COVID-19 as part of the check-in process. Many thanks to the Wellness Center and Nursing program students who volunteered their time to help administer all the tests!

Commuter students will also have the opportunity to be tested as they return to campus for activities and classes. All students can take advantage of weekly drop-in PCR testing – no appointment necessary! – every Wednesday from 11am - 12pm in the Wellness Center.

Classes Begin Online

Traditional undergraduates will begin taking courses online for the first two weeks of the semester. Selected labs and studio arts activities will be in person after the first two weeks. For the time being, there will also be restrictions on in-room guests and in-person gatherings. Additionally, students are encouraged to remain on campus during Mid-semester Break from March 1-5. All departments and student services will remain open during that time.

Campus Clear and Campus QR Codes

Don’t forget! CUI students should use the #CampusClear app to monitor for COVID-19 symptoms and answer questions daily. It takes less than 10 seconds to answer the self-screening questions.

And when you’re out and about on campus, pay attention to the QR cod