November 28 for dinner. Limited food service will still be available for students required to stay on campus during the break.
Campus Safety will remain open. Please call dispatch at 949-213-3000 for emergencies and other needs and services.

Residential students have received a separate communication from the Residential Services about procedures and requirements for the Thanksgiving break.

COVID-19 Testing Available

There is no testing requirement in place for students returning to campus after Thanksgiving break. However, any student may request a COVID-19 test through the Wellness Center.

We strongly advise students who are experiencing illness during Thanksgiving break to delay their return to campus until their symptoms resolve. If you have been identified as a close contact of an individual diagnosed with COVID-19, please notify the Wellness Center at wellness@cui.edu.

Information about our campus COVID-19 cases is available on our COVID-19 dashboard. For questions about travel requirements, testing, or campus COVID-19 guidelines, please contact covid-19@cui.edu.

October 15, 2021
‌
Campus Update: Indoor Mask Guidelines Modified

October 15, 2021

Greetings to the Campus Community!

This message conveys important updates about mask guidelines for our campus community, about COVID-19 surveillance testing, and county and campus infection rates.

Where We’ve Been

As infection rates once again began to climb in the summer, Concordia University Irvine announced the decision to require masks indoors for all students, employees, and guests, regardless of vaccination status. This was a more cautious approach than the present Orange County Health Care Agency (OCHCA) guidance that requires only those who are not fully vaccinated to wear masks indoors. We also instituted surveillance testing for many of our co-curricular student groups, a decision on par with testing requirements for student-athletes put forth by the NCAA.

During the months of August and September, we did see a small, but steady number of positive cases of COVID-19 on campus each week, mostly attributed to specific group settings outside the classroom. Those numbers have declined during the month of October, mirroring the overall decline of infection rates in Orange County. Our county is now no longer considered a “high transmission” area, averaging approximately 7 new cases daily per 100,000 residents.

The Path Forward: Updates to Mask Guidelines on Campus

In light of the low campus and local infection rates, fully vaccinated students, employees, and campus guests will no longer be required to wear masks indoors beginning on Saturday, October 16, 2021. Students, employees, and campus guests who are not fully vaccinated are to continue to wear face coverings in all indoor campus settings, per OCHCA guidance.

If local or campus COVID-19 infection rates begin to increase, if there is a sizable outbreak on campus, or if local health care agency guidance concerning masks changes, campus mask guidelines will be revisited and communicated to the campus community.

A Note About Privacy and Personal Choice

We recognize that some fully vaccinated members of our campus community may still be more comfortable choosing to wear a mask as an added measure of protection, while others are more comfortable without masks. Anyone who is fully vaccinated and wishes to continue wearing a mask is encouraged to do so. It is very important that we show respect for each individual’s choice, both in regards to mask use and concerning the privacy of an individual’s vaccination status. Those who have concerns about the enforcement of campus health directives should direct inquiries to COVID-19@cui.edu.

COVID-19 Surveillance Testing on Campus

Due to declining case numbers on campus and in Orange County, regular COVID-19 surveillance testing of CUI’s co-curricular groups (music ensembles, theatre, and forensics) has been discontinued this week. Surveillance testing of our student-athletes will continue in accordance with NCAA guidelines. All students and employees can request a COVID-19 test at any time through the Wellness Center. Close contacts of infected individuals will also be tested. As a reminder, anyone who has symptoms of illness, even minor symptoms, should not go to class or to work, but should stay home and consult with a health professional before returning to normal activities. Students are encouraged to use #CampusClear for daily symptom monitoring.

COVID-19 Dashboard and Resources

Concordia’s campus COVID-19 cases are regularly updated on CUI’s COVID-19 Dashboard. The Dashboard website also lists information about vaccine resources, symptom checking, and testing.

We will continue to closely monitor both campus and local COVID-19 infection rates. We are also in regular communication with the OCHCA about our COVID-19 case numbers. Campus guidance for masks, testing, and other health measures will be evaluated on a weekly basis, and any changes 