g on campus, Bon Appétit has already instituted a Grab-and-Go service. Community members may pick up meals at the cafeteria, but cafeteria seating will not be available beginning Wednesday morning, March 18. Beginning Friday morning, March 20, individuals will be allowed into the cafeteria in groups of 10. Community members are strongly advised to observe social distance guidelines during mealtimes.

Public Spaces Closed, effective Wednesday morning, March 18
Chapel
CU Active fitness center
CU Arena (gymnasium and weight room)
Library
Founders Bookstore
Offices Closed, with service remaining remotely by email and online through April 1, unless further guidance is provided
Library | librarian@cui.edu
Tutoring Services and Writing Studio | Tutoring Services and the Writing Studio have added video-conferencing and e-tutoring to our WCOnline appointment schedules so that students continue to get the academic support they need.
Registrar’s Office | registrar@cui.edu
Academic Advising | Visit the Advising website for the email address of your academic advisor.
Information Technology Services | its@cui.edu

Update: Chapels moving forward will be podcasted audio recordings (not live-streamed) by speakers 5-10 minutes in length on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays.

Wellness Center

Health Services will remain open to serve only the students who are approved to stay in housing.

Wellness Center Hours: Monday-Friday, 9am-4pm. Phone number: (949) 214-3102. You must call ahead for an appointment if you have, or suspect that you have, a fever, or if you have a cough.
Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS) will not be providing face-to-face counseling at this time. Students who are currently in counseling will be contacted for the option of telehealth for consistency of care and provided referrals when appropriate. Students in crisis should call the National Suicide Prevention Line at (800) 273-8255, use the crisis text line by texting “help” to 741-741, call 911, or go to the local hospital emergency room. A list of local counseling referrals can be found on the Wellness Center website.

He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High will abide in the shadow of the Almighty. I will say to the Lord, 'My refuge and my fortress, my God, in whom I trust.' For he will deliver you from the snare of the fowler and from the deadly pestilence. He will cover you with his pinions, and under his wings you will find refuge; his faithfulness is a shield and buckler.(Psalm 91:1-4)

March 16, 2020
‌
Developments surrounding COVID-19 regarding Events, Housing, Library, and Food Service

March 16, 2020

As you are no doubt aware, regional and national developments surrounding COVID-19 continue to change rapidly. We will continue to keep you informed of new decisions and updates regarding our campus response via email and on our website cui.edu/coronavirus. Please direct any general questions or comments about items not covered below to COVID-19@cui.edu; our leadership team will respond as quickly as possible.

Events
Chapel will continue with appropriate social distancing maintained. The Chapel staff is exploring options for alternative worship formats in the days ahead. View Livestream »
Campus events (e.g. athletics, theatre, arts, etc.) are cancelled through May 1. This may be extended as circumstances and guidelines change.
Academic courses previously taught face-to-face will commence online starting Wednesday, March 18. These transitioning classes will not be in session March 16 and 17; however, existing online courses will be offered as scheduled.
Please refer to Student Guidance for Instructional Continuity and check this document daily for updated information.
Students who do not already own or have regular access to a laptop or tablet they can use for online education should contact Kevin Black in Financial Aid to discuss possible solutions.
Commencement is being postponed until August 8, 2020. The previously scheduled Nursing Commencement will remain on August 15, 2020. More information will be communicated and posted at cui.edu/graduation as details become available.
Housing

Our residence halls remain open with services in place. Students who want or need to remain on campus are welcome to continue to do so. For questions pertaining to housing, please contact Gilbert Fugitt, Dean of Students, at gilbert.fugitt@cui.edu or (949) 214-3057.

Library

The library remains open with services in place. Students who do not have laptops or tablets are encouraged to use the library computers for class-related work if needed. Please maintain a 6-foot distance in all seating areas, as in other public areas of campus. For questions pertaining to the library, please contact librarian@cui.edu or (949) 214-3090.

Food Services

Food services will remain open, with the following modifications:

All self-service of food is suspended.
Food is being plated and served by Bon Appétit staff members.
To-go containers are available at no 