s across the country, surveillance testing in Week One resulted in several students being placed in isolation and quarantine. Faculty have been instructed to prepare for students who need course accommodations over the next few weeks.

As we transition back to in-person instruction in Week Two, communication between professors and students will be crucial for those who need accommodations due to a positive COVID-19 test or for those who are close contacts.

COVID-related Isolation and Quarantine Accommodations

If you need to go into isolation due to COVID-19 or into quarantine due to being a close contact and not fully vaccinated, the Wellness Center will send an email to your professors letting them know the start date and possible end date of the isolation/quarantine period. This is the official notification process for students who need temporary accommodations for COVID-related reasons. Students should follow up with their professors to set up the particular accommodation.

Non-COVID related Illness

Students who are ill with non-COVID-19 symptoms are not to attend class in person until healthy. Students should inform their professors that they are ill and work with their professors on how to complete the course activities and assignments that they miss.

COVID-19 Testing for Spring 2022

Due to high demand for test kits across the county, our shipment of rapid test kits for residential students did not arrive before students returned to campus. However, there are still testing resources in place for all students.

Surveillance testing for students without symptoms: PCR testing through Color will be available every Mon/Tue/Wed in the CU Arena from 9:30 am - 1:30 pm. Students can set up an account with Color through MyCUI to expedite testing. Test results will be texted directly to the individual within 2-3 days.
STUDENT TEST REGISTRATION
Testing for students with COVID-19 symptoms: Contact the Wellness Center at wellness@cui.edu or call 949-214-3102 to make an appointment for testing.
Reminder Regarding Mask Guidelines

For the beginning of the new semester, all members of the CUI community who come to campus–students, faculty, staff and campus guests–will be required to wear a face mask in indoor settings, regardless of vaccination status. Please remember to bring appropriate face coverings—such as a medical/surgical mask or a fitted N95 or KN95 mask—when you attend class or enter other indoor spaces. If you do not bring a mask to class, the professor may ask you to leave and return with a mask. The State of California has now extended masking requirements through February 15, 2022.

There are limited exceptions to the mask guidelines. Resident students are not required to wear a mask within their residence hall room. Students will not be required to wear a mask for athletics practices, or co-curricular activities such as instrumental and vocal ensemble rehearsals, forensics rehearsals, theatre rehearsals, etc. Faculty who are fully vaccinated will not be required to wear a mask while teaching in the front of the classroom. Students who are fully vaccinated may remove their masks while presenting in front of the class. Masks may be removed when eating in the cafeteria and Eagles’ Landing, but should be on while going through line or returning to the serving areas.

New Health Orders for Isolation and Quarantine

The Orange County Health Care Association (OCHCA) recently issued an updated health order for quarantine and isolation requirements. Guidelines have changed frequently over the past few weeks as the state and county health officials align their recommendations. We will post the most up-to-date information on the COVID-19 Dashboard.

If you have recently recovered from a COVID-19 infection or your vaccination status has changed, please upload your vaccination records or proof of a positive test via Concordia’s Medicat website link.  Providing the Wellness Center with your most up-to-date information will aid in contact tracing and determining quarantine requirements. You can also view a tutorial video with instructions on how to upload your vaccination record. 

UPLOAD VACCINE INFO
TUTORIAL VIDEO
January 4, 2022
‌
Campus Update: Course Mode Shifts Online for Week 1 of the Semester

January 4, 2022

Dear CUI Community Members

In light of the recent surge in COVID-19 transmission rates in Orange County, Concordia has modified plans for your return to campus. Please continue reading for information on COVID-19 testing recommendations, details about the shift to online instruction in Week One, new quarantine and isolation guidelines from the State of California, and reminders about masking.

Residential students may return to campus as scheduled, including any students who need to arrive early. Food services and meal plans will resume as scheduled on Sunday, January 9 for dinner, and all student services and campus offices are open.

Online Instructions for Week One

We look forward to welcoming e