https://www.cui.edu/covid-19/community-updates
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
COVID-19 Communication
Community Updates
COVID-19 Guidelines
Admissions Resources
Relief Funds
Contact Us
COMMUNITY UPDATES
COVID-19 Communication
Campus Update on Mask Guidance
February 28, 2022

The California Department of Public Health announced that effective March 1, 2022, it is lifting the requirement for unvaccinated persons to mask in most public indoor settings and businesses. The requirement is being replaced by a strong recommendation.

Concordia University Irvine will align its protocols with this update. This means that unvaccinated persons will not be required to wear masks indoors on Concordia University Irvine’s campuses. No person can be prevented from wearing a mask if they choose to do so.

The mask requirements will remain in certain indoor settings, regardless of vaccination status, such as:

Indoors in K-12 schools and childcare (through March 11, 2022)
On public transit (examples: airplanes, ships, ferries, taxis, rideshares)
In transportation hubs (examples: airport, bus terminal)
Healthcare settings (examples: Wellness Center, clinics, hospitals)

As a reminder, please make an appointment at the Wellness Center or consult with your healthcare provider if you are experiencing COVID-like symptoms. Report positive results from home test kits so we may assist you with classroom accommodations and conduct timely contact tracing.

Information about our campus COVID-19 cases is available on our COVID-19 dashboard. For questions about testing, class accommodations, or county and campus COVID-19 guidelines, please contact covid-19@cui.edu.

Previous Updates
February 10, 2022
‌
Campus Update: Mask Guidance

February 10, 2022

The California Department of Public Health announced this week that the current guidelines requiring all individuals to wear masks indoors will expire after next Tuesday, February 15, 2022. The Orange County Health Care Agency (OCHCA) has announced that it will follow State guidance. Concordia University Irvine will align our campus mask guidelines with the County and State.

Beginning Wednesday, February 16, 2022, the mask guidance is as follows:

Universal masking shall remain required in only specified settings (public transit, health care settings, long term care and nursing facilities, K-12 school settings, correctional/detention facilities, and heating/cooling stations).
Only unvaccinated persons are required to mask in all indoor public settings. Fully vaccinated individuals are recommended to continue indoor masking when the risk may be high.
As a reminder, resident students are not required to wear a mask within the student’s residence hall room. No student will be required to wear a mask for athletics practices, or co-curricular activities such as instrumental and vocal ensemble rehearsals, forensics rehearsals, theatre rehearsals, etc.

As COVID-19 cases continue to decline rapidly within our campus community and the surrounding area, we are encouraged by the easing of some guidelines and restrictions. We urge students and employees to continue to exercise caution in group settings, and to be tested if you are experiencing symptoms of COVID-19.

Information about our campus COVID-19 cases is available on our COVID-19 dashboard. For questions about testing, class accommodations, or county and campus COVID-19 guidelines, please contact covid-19@cui.edu.

January 13, 2022
‌
Campus Update: In-Person Courses Resume Tuesday, January 18

January 13, 2022

Dear CUI Students,

In-person classes on Concordia’s main campus will resume on Tuesday, January 18, after the Martin Luther King, Jr. holiday on Monday. Please continue reading for information on course accommodations, COVID-19 testing, masking, and guidelines for isolation and quarantine.

Course Accommodations for Isolation and Quarantine

As expected with the surge in COVID-19 cases across the country, surveillance testing in Week One resulted in several students being placed in isolation and quarantine. Faculty have been instructed to prepare for students who need course accommodations over the next few weeks.

As we transition back to in-person instruction in Week Two, communication between professors and students will be crucial for those who need accommodations due to a positive COVID-19 test or for those who are close contacts.

COVID-related Isolation and Quarantine Accommodations

If you need to go into isolation due to COVID-19 or into quarantine due to being a close contact and not fully vaccinated, the Wellness Center will send an email to your professors letting them know the start date and possible end date of the isolation/quarantine period. This is the official notification process for students who need temporary accommodations for COVID-related reasons. Students should follow up with their professors to set up the particular accommodation.

Non-CO