d in-person courses at 50% seating capacity. This could happen by mid-October. At that point, the professor would break the class up into one or more student groups for in-person attendance based on the survey responses you are submitting now.

Each professor will tell you this week if the course will start in-person instruction on September 28 or if it will remain fully online for now.

Finally, just to be clear, courses that are already marked as OL ("online"), such as WRT 102-OL 1, will remain online the whole semester. Also, the science labs, studio arts activities, and nursing courses that are currently meeting in person will continue to do so in the same fashion.

Look for another email this week to remind you about the safety protocols in place for in-person courses.

Peace be with you.

Rev. Scott A. Ashmon, Ph.D.
Provost

September 14, 2020
‌
Campus Update: In-Person Classes

September 14, 2020

NOTE: This community update contains out-of-date information. Please see more recent Community Updates for updated information.

Dear CUI Undergraduate Students,

We hope that your studies and other activities are going well this semester. We praise God that He has blessed us with your presence on campus and online this fall.

We want to update you on when courses could move to being in-person. Right now only Nursing courses, some science labs, and some studio arts activities in Music and Theatre are being done - with safety measures - in classrooms. Everything else is online and will remain so until institutions of higher education in Orange County are cleared to offer the rest of their courses in person.

We anticipate that we will be cleared and start in-person, dual mode courses on Monday, September 28. We will alert you the week before if that ends up being the actual start date for in-person courses. If the start date is later than that, we will notify you about that as well.

Whenever we begin dual mode courses, students who wish to complete their courses online may choose to do so. They do not need to fill out a form; they simply need to tell their professors that they wish to stay online. Students who want to be in the classroom will have an opportunity to tell their professors that. Based on the number of students who wish to be in the classroom, there may be two groups of students that rotate being in the classroom (e.g., Group A on Tuesday and Group B on Thursday). Note, however, that courses currently marked as "OL" (e.g., WRT 102-OL-1) will remain online the whole semester because they were originally set up that way.

In the meantime, keep diving into your studies with the methods we are using together now. Whether in person or online, our educational aim remains the same: to offer an academic environment where you can develop yourself as a "wise, honorable, and cultivated citizen."

Peace be with you.

Rev. Scott A. Ashmon, Ph.D.
Provost

August 25, 2020
‌
CUI’s Fall 2020 Undergraduate Semester Is About to Begin

August 25, 2020

Dear CUI Students and Families,

The countdown is underway! In just a few short days, the traditional undergraduate semester will begin on Monday, August 31. Our student leaders have begun to arrive on campus where they are preparing to welcome their fellow students and help to facilitate Move-in days and Orientation. Already, there is a palpable sense among the student leaders that they are ready to meet the challenges of the semester ahead as they help train, mentor, and model expectations for life in our community under the “new normal.”

Speaking of countdowns...Orange County is now off the state watch list!
As of Sunday, Orange County has officially come off California’s monitoring list for areas with high rates of COVID-19 infections. We rejoice in this news that the numbers are headed in the right direction. However, we are mindful that this does not mean that life in our area will be “back to normal.” State and local health authorities are due to release updated guidance soon on what restrictions will be lifted or modified for counties coming off the watch list. It is worth noting, CUI is not changing or lifting any restrictions at this time.

In these crucial weeks at the beginning of the semester, it is our expectation that our students, faculty, and staff will be guided by a shared responsibility to exercise caution and show concern for one another as we return to campus.

Important Notes About The Academic Calendar

As noted in past campus updates, the beginning of the semester will be conducted online, with the exception of a few in-person science labs and studio arts activities. For a list of labs and activities that will be conducted in person starting August 31, visit cui.edu/learningtogether or click on the link below.

In-person labs and activities

Course instructors will be reaching out to students in the days ahead with instructions on how to access online classes on the first day of instruction. If students have not already done so, visit the C