 opportunity to be tested as they return to campus for activities and classes. All students can take advantage of weekly drop-in PCR testing – no appointment necessary! – every Wednesday from 11am - 12pm in the Wellness Center.

Classes Begin Online

Traditional undergraduates will begin taking courses online for the first two weeks of the semester. Selected labs and studio arts activities will be in person after the first two weeks. For the time being, there will also be restrictions on in-room guests and in-person gatherings. Additionally, students are encouraged to remain on campus during Mid-semester Break from March 1-5. All departments and student services will remain open during that time.

Campus Clear and Campus QR Codes

Don’t forget! CUI students should use the #CampusClear app to monitor for COVID-19 symptoms and answer questions daily. It takes less than 10 seconds to answer the self-screening questions.

And when you’re out and about on campus, pay attention to the QR codes at some office and all classroom entrances. Scan the QR code before entering the building or room. This information will only be used to aid contact tracing for individuals potentially exposed to a person with COVID-19.

Welcoming New Employees: A Note from Campus Pastor Quinton Anderson

At the beginning of each semester we install new faculty and staff members. We invite you to join us to welcome new faculty and staff members this Friday, January 15 during chapel. We hope you can join us for Virtual Friday Chapel.

COVID-19 Vaccinations

The Wellness Center is in regular contact with the Orange County Health Care Agency regarding plans for vaccine distribution. Once the tier for students opens, students will be notified how to sign up and where vaccines will be administered. Vaccines will not be administered on Concordia’s main campus.

For more information and resources to help you get the Spring 2021 semester underway, please visit the #CUItogether website.

As our theme verse reminds us, “above all, continually consider God’s kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will also be given to you” (Matthew 6:33). God bless you in the semester ahead.

December 17, 2020
‌
Returning to Campus for the Spring 2021 Semester

December 17, 2020

As the Fall semester concludes, the campus community heads into the Christmas season ready for some rest and time to refocus. We celebrate the birth of our Savior, and know that the Christ child who came into the world to conquer the darkness brings us light still today.

Looking ahead to the Spring 2021 semester, the traditional undergraduate semester will begin as scheduled on January 11, 2021. Even if our Southern California region is still under the state’s Stay Home Order at the start of the semester, residence halls and essential student services on campus will be open and available for all students. These services include full food service, Campus Ministry, Academic Advising, Student Wellness Center, Library, Registrar’s Office, Bursar’s Office, Writing Center, and Tutoring Services. Most services are available both in person and by virtual appointments.

Starting the Semester Online

CUI wants to re-engage with students in classrooms safely and when permitted. If the Stay Home Order expires on December 27, as it is presently scheduled to do, then Orange County business operations will likely still be under the “purple” tier guidance for the state of California. This tier permits science labs and studio arts activities to be in person, but requires all other courses to be online. It is probable that Orange County will still be in the purple tier when the spring semester starts.

For everyone’s safe return to campus, all traditional undergraduate courses will be online for the first two weeks. Before students and faculty come together for class and other in-person activities, we will use the first two weeks of the semester to do COVID-19 surveillance testing of residential and commuter students. See more information about testing below.

In week three, some science labs and some studio arts activities will move to in-person learning. The list of labs and arts activities that will be in person will soon be posted on the Learning Together web page. When permitted, more courses will move to dual mode in the spring semester with some students in the classrooms and others engaging live online. Students who wish to complete their semester online may do so. Those who wish to attend their courses in person will be welcomed to do that.

Whether courses are online or in dual mode, course schedules will remain the same. For instance, a course that meets MWF from 8:30-9:20 am will keep that schedule the whole semester. Most class sessions will be synchronous (live virtual meetings) with the professors and students in attendance at the same time. Some class sessions might be asynchronous, meaning that the class does not meet at the scheduled time (e.g., Friday from 8:30-9:20 am), but in