ge County has had only one confirmed case of coronavirus. That individual, OC Health Care Agency officials report, has fully recovered. The case has no evidence of person-to-person transmission and risk of infection to the public in Orange County is still considered to be low.

Guidelines Remain the Same

Just like any regular flu season, it’s important that you continue to take precautionary measures to protect yourself and others from viral illnesses:

Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds.
Don’t touch your face, eyes, nose, mouth.
Cover your cough and sneeze with a tissue or your elbow.
Avoid close contact with people who are sick.
Stay home if you develop flu-like symptoms (fever, sore throat, cough, body aches) and seek medical help if needed.
Disinfect surfaces (door handles, desk) and shared equipment (phone, keyboard, mouse, etc.).

Look for hand sanitizer stations located around campus for your convenience. Visit the Centers for Disease Control & Prevention for handwashing guidelines.

New Wellness Center Guidelines

For students, there are new Wellness Center guidelines. From now until the end of this semester (Spring 2020), you must call ahead for an appointment if you have, or suspect that you have a fever, or have concerns that you may have been exposed to the coronavirus. This gives Wellness Center workers the ability to assess your risk over the phone, minimizing your time in the waiting room. You can reach the Wellness Center at (949) 214-3102 during normal business Monday-Friday 9 a.m.- 4p.m. If we’re away from our desk, leave a message with a good callback number; we regularly check our messages during normal business hours. If you believe that you have a fever after the Wellness Center has closed, call the Nurse Helpline on your insurance card, if available, or go to the nearest urgent care. If you have no insurance, go to the nearest hospital. Please note that the Wellness Center is not set-up for emergency or after-hours services. CUI is not liable for medical expenses incurred off campus. For all other visits to the Wellness Center, you may still walk-in for a same-day appointment. For urgent medical concerns, please call 911, or go to the nearest hospital.

Travel Guidelines

Students, if you traveled outside of the United States during Spring break and developed flu-like symptoms (fever and cough) within two weeks of your return, contact the Wellness Center by calling ahead for an appointment (949) 214-3102. Currently, travelers from China are on a mandatory 14-day quarantine; please let us know if you travelled to China. The Centers for Disease Control & Prevention recommends that travelers avoid nonessential travel.

According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, COVID-19 is an emerging disease, and there is more to learn about its transmission, severity, and how it will take shape in the United States. In the meantime, everyone can do their part to prepare and respond to this emerging public health situation. Thank you for your consideration. We’ll continue to share updates as they become available.

Here are some helpful links:

For updated statements from CUI: www.cui.edu/coronavirus
FAQs from the Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (CDC)
Orange County Healthcare Agency
California Department of Public Health

Stay healthy.

Blessings,
Michelle Laabs, MSN, FNP-C
Wellness Center
Concordia University Irvine

February 27, 2020
‌‌
Orange County officials declare a local health emergency

February 27, 2020

Orange County officials declared a local health emergency yesterday in response to COVID-19 infections worldwide. The move was in relation to the public uproar when federal & state agencies proposed the use of a state-owned site in Costa Mesa, a city in Orange County. There is no outbreak of COVID-19 in Orange County nor is there any new confirmed case. The Orange County Health Care Agency (OCHCA) assures the public that the risk of local transmission remains low.

There is no confirmed COVID-19 case at CUI at this time and no interruption of classes and events. CUI has a pandemic plan in place and is being revisited to make modifications in response to COVID-19. The Moon International Center is monitoring the situation abroad and responding accordingly. The Wellness Center continues to work with local public health department and with American College Health Association in response to the rapidly evolving situation.

February 3, 2020
‌
Orange County Health Care Agency Coronavirus Guidelines for Schools, Colleges & Universities

February 3, 2020

Orange County Health Care Agency Coronavirus Guidelines for Schools, Colleges & Universities

January 27, 2020
‌
Coronavirus Health Advisory

January 27, 2020

Dear Concordia community--
As of today, there is a confirmed case of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in Orange County. We have been informed that the individual is not a Concordia University Irvine student, faculty or staff membe