her!

The COVID-19 Response Team

November 25, 2020
‌
COVID-19 Testing Results

November 25, 2020

Dear Members of the Concordia Community,

First, please know how truly thankful we are for all of you - our students, parents, faculty, staff, friends and community members. Your prayers and support during this challenging season, and especially the past few days, have truly been a blessing from the Lord!

There are a number of updates concerning our recent testing results, and what that means for our community in the weeks ahead.

Confirmation of Preliminary COVID-19 Tests

After receiving confirmation of recent preliminary COVID-19 tests, the Wellness Center has adjusted the number of positive COVID-19 cases on campus. Confirmed cases are lower than original unconfirmed numbers. This is good news! When preliminary numbers were posted on the university's dashboard on Saturday, November 21, a footnote explained that these initial test results were pending confirmation from an outside lab, as is required with certain COVID-19 tests. Most individuals have now been notified if they are cleared, or if they must remain in quarantine or isolation. As further confirmation of tests results come in, Concordia will update its COVID-19 Dashboard.

Here is where we stand as of Wednesday, November 25:

There are 6 active cases (4 students, 2 employees)
There are 6 cases still pending outside confirmation (4 employees, 2 students)
So far, 55 cases have been confirmed as negative
What does this mean?

The high number of “false positives” from students’ initial surveillance tests is not entirely uncommon. The Sofia II Antigen rapid testing machine used for surveillance screening throughout the semester has about an 80% accuracy rate. According to state protocol, all positive antigen test results for asymptomatic individuals must be confirmed by an outside PCR lab test. As part of the pre-Thanksgiving testing, testing of symptomatic individuals, and contact tracing efforts, 67 rapid Antigen tests were sent out for confirmation testing. The pre-Thanksgiving testing was offered over and above the normal surveillance testing that has been ongoing throughout the semester. More testing = more positive results.

Previously, only confirmed tests were reported on the university’s COVID-19 Dashboard. However, as the number of preliminary tests results indicated a potential outbreak, the university made the decision to post the unconfirmed test results, noting that the results were still pending confirmation. We praise the Lord that many of the confirmation tests are coming back negative!

As a result of the recent testing results, the Orange County Health Care Agency (OCHCA) has advised us to discontinue using the antigen test for asymptomatic individuals. This in no way means that we stop testing. Instead, we have been advised to use a different type of test (the more accurate PCR molecular test) that is processed in an outside laboratory, rather than starting with the surveillance Antigen test. Preliminary results seem to indicate that spread has been mostly limited to small friend groups and suitemates, rather than large scale spread among athletic teams or social gatherings. So far no one has reported serious illness.

Testing After Thanksgiving Break

Due to this recent incident, we highly recommend students returning from travel out of state or the country to make an appointment for to be tested. Tests will be conducted Monday, Nov. 30 through Wednesday, Dec. 2 in the Wellness Center. Students who did not leave campus during the break do not need to be tested unless they develop symptoms. A follow up email will be sent to all students with instructions on how to sign up for a test.

Classes and Final Exams After Thanksgiving Break

After Thanksgiving Break, classes will continue online for the rest of the semester and during finals, except for some labs and arts activities. Please see the updated list of Science Labs and Studio Arts Activities currently scheduled to continue meeting for the remainder of the semester.

Music ensembles may resume in person, in accordance with guidelines in the Purple tier, once all students in each music ensemble have a negative test result after Thanksgiving Break confirmed by the Wellness Center.

Updated Mask Mandates

Recently updated guidance from the state of California requires that all individuals wear face covering indoors and outdoors when in the presence of others not from their household. This includes wearing a face covering outdoors when within six feet of another person outside your household, and wearing a face covering in any indoor space when another person outside your immediate household is present. Please remember to wear a face covering as you move about campus!

Finally, we want to acknowledge the truly Herculean effort of our Wellness Center, Residential Life, Athletics, Institutional Research, University Services and countless other community members who have pulled togethe