ment will remain on August 15, 2020. More information will be communicated and posted at cui.edu/graduation as details become available.
Housing

Our residence halls remain open with services in place. Students who want or need to remain on campus are welcome to continue to do so. For questions pertaining to housing, please contact Gilbert Fugitt, Dean of Students, at gilbert.fugitt@cui.edu or (949) 214-3057.

Library

The library remains open with services in place. Students who do not have laptops or tablets are encouraged to use the library computers for class-related work if needed. Please maintain a 6-foot distance in all seating areas, as in other public areas of campus. For questions pertaining to the library, please contact librarian@cui.edu or (949) 214-3090.

Food Services

Food services will remain open, with the following modifications:

All self-service of food is suspended.
Food is being plated and served by Bon Appétit staff members.
To-go containers are available at no extra charge.
Individuals will be asked to maintain a 6-foot distance in all seating areas; table placards remind all diners of this CDC recommendation.
More seating areas adjacent to the main cafeteria are being opened to allow for appropriate social distancing.
Bon Appétit is ready to transition to “Grab-and-Go” food service, if necessary.

Thank you for your continued patience and understanding as we continue to modify our operations.

In uncertain times like these, we pray that you find St. Paul’s words to the Roman Christians particularly comforting:

For I consider that the sufferings of this present time are not worth comparing with the glory that is to be revealed to us…. For I am sure that neither death nor life, nor angels nor rulers, nor things present nor things to come, nor powers, nor height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord.(Romans 8:18, 38-39 ESV)

March 13, 2020
‌
An employee in the 3333 Michelson Drive Bldg (Park Place campus) tests positive for COVID-19

March 13, 2020

We were informed today by Park Place Building Management, the office-site location that houses our Department of Nursing, that an employee in the 3333 Michelson Drive Bldg tested positive for COVID-19. That person is presently being monitored by the Orange County Health Care Agency. The last day that this person reported for work was March 6, 2020. The individual is not affiliated with Concordia’s Nursing program and did not enter their offices. The Nursing classrooms are in an adjacent building in the same complex with shared facilities, like entrances and cafeteria.

Due to possible exposure to COVID-19, all Nursing faculty, staff, and students were recommended to go on self-quarantine, effective immediately, until March 20, 2020.

At this time, there is no cause for concern and no need for further quarantine among faculty, staff, and students who work, attend classes, or live in the residence halls on our main campus at 1530 Concordia West.

If you visited the Park Place facility or interacted with any Nursing faculty, staff, or students in the past week, please alert us by email: wellness@cui.edu for students and hr@cui.edu for faculty and staff. Again, there is no need for self-quarantine at this time. We will contact individuals who interacted with Nursing faculty, staff, or students if anyone who is now on self-quarantine is diagnosed with COVID-19.

We care about your health and safety, and will continue to provide regular updates regarding possible exposures within our campus community. If you have further questions or concerns, you can email the COVID-19 Response Team at COVID-19@cui.edu.

A Message from the Office of the President

As regional and national developments continue surrounding COVID-19, we want to keep you informed of new decisions and updates regarding our campus response. This situation continues to change day by day; please check your Eagles email and cui.edu/coronavirus frequently for the most up-to-date official information.

At times like this, rumors start to fly, and it’s easy for inaccurate information to spread. Please consider the source of any information you receive, and please think carefully before forwarding it to others. Please direct any general questions or comments about items not covered below to COVID-19@cui.edu; our leadership team will respond as quickly as possible.

Academics

All students will receive a separate email today with detailed instructions about our transition to online instruction, which officially begins on Wednesday, March 18. Please use the time between now and then to use some of the tutorial materials provided so that you can increase your knowledge and skills in the use of online learning tools.

Athletics

All CUI Athletics games, competitions, and practices are cancelled for the remainder of the Spring semester. The NCAA has cancelled all events, and the PacWest Conference has suspended a