om instruction, Thanksgiving travel plans, and residence life.

Classroom Instruction

Beginning Monday, November 23, classes that had transitioned to dual mode will go back to online instruction. Labs and studio arts activities that were previously approved for in-person instruction will continue to be offered in person until further notice.

Athletic Practices

Athletic practices will continue through the remainder of this week. Coaches will be in contact with their teams for specific instructions. Student-athletes are reminded to continue daily screenings, wear masks during practice, maintain physical distance and stay safe!

Residence Life

The residence halls will remain open. Students are not required or advised to move out early due to the more restrictive guidance.

All services open! - Food service, student health services, the library, study spaces, and all student services will remain open for the duration of the fall semester.
No room-to-room visitation - Resident students may gather only as “households” in all residential suites and apartments.
Restrictions on indoor social gatherings - Aside from approved labs and studio arts activities, indoor group gatherings are prohibited. All student events will take place outside. Please remember to keep your masks on, including outdoors where physical distancing cannot be maintained. The Tuesday night Source worship service will move outside.
Travel Advisory

The State of California travel advisory issued last Friday encourages those who travel out of state to self-quarantine for two weeks after returning to or entering California. It should be noted that the announcement is an advisory, rather than a requirement. We will not require CUI students returning to campus after Thanksgiving Break to self-quarantine.

Testing recommendation - To safeguard the health of our campus community, CUI will offer testing appointments for all students (both resident and commuter) who traveled during Thanksgiving Break, especially those who traveled outside of the state.The Wellness Center will offer testing appointments for returning students beginning Monday, November 30 through Wednesday, December 2. Information about testing appointments will be available at a later date.

As we watch infection rates climb around the country, we feel very grateful that our campus community has been spared from any serious outbreaks. It is a tribute to our students and employees that our care and concern for one another has helped keep us safe.

Please continue to wear your masks, practice physical distancing, and wash your hands frequently. We will get through this #CUITogether!

-The COVID-19 Response Team

November 3, 2020
‌
Undergraduate Academic Updates

November 3, 2020

Undergraduate Academic Updates

Campus life is holding steady as we move into November. By God’s grace and through the efforts of our entire campus community, we have been able to live, learn, worship, practice, and serve, finding new ways to be #CUItogether both in-person and online.

Dual Mode Courses for Fall 2020

In the summer, CUI stated that it would not move to in-person courses anytime after Monday, November 2 so that students and faculty would know how the rest of the semester would proceed. We have several dozen courses in dual mode now and some that will begin that mode on November 2. Professors have already contacted their students about moving to in-person learning, so if you did not receive such a message for a given course, that course will remain online for the rest of the semester.

Withdrawal Deadline

The deadline to withdraw from a course and receive a "W" on the transcript is Friday, November 13 by 4:30 pm (PST). The Withdrawal Form must be filled out completely and submitted to the Registrar's Office with the proper signatures by that time.

Thanksgiving Break

Thanksgiving Break is from Wednesday, November 25 through Sunday, November 27. Students living on campus are invited to stay during the break and enjoy the Thanksgiving meal and activities offered on campus. Students, please register in advance for the Thanksgiving Day meal and activities.

Reducing travel back and forth during the break will help keep possible spread of illnesses down. Dual mode and online courses will resume on Monday, November 28.

Final Exam Week

The schedule for final exams is unchanged. Check with your professor on how your final exam will be given if you are taking the course in person. Otherwise, online courses will hold final exams online.

Grades

Final grades are due from professors on Monday, December 21. Grade options are normal (that is, A, A-, B+...F). Pass/No Pass is not an option this semester. This unique option was offered to traditional undergraduate students in Spring 2020 in response to the abrupt move from in-person courses to online learning that occurred late in the semester due to the campus shutting down from rise of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. This emergency shift in cou