student tests positive for COVID-19, the student cannot attend classes, campus activities, or on-campus employment in person
Temporary accommodations for courses will be provided through Disability Access Services working with the professors
If You Are Not Fully Vaccinated

If a student who is not fully vaccinated is exposed to a positive case of COVID-19:

Students who live in the residence hall will move to a temporary room for 10 days from the last day of exposure
Commuter students should quarantine in their off-campus residence for 10 days from the last day of exposure
If COVID-19 symptoms develop, report to the Wellness Center immediately for testing
If COVID-19 symptoms are not present, testing is available through the Wellness Center according to current guidance, currently at days 3-5 from date of exposure
May not attend class in person while in quarantine or isolation
Temporary accommodations for courses will be provided through Disability Access Services working with the professors
No in-person co-curricular (athletics, music ensembles, student activities, etc.) participation for 10 days from the last day of exposure
May not report to on-campus employment in person
If symptoms emerge during the 10-day quarantine, report to the Wellness Center for testing.

Please note: Students who choose not to upload proof of vaccination will be treated as unvaccinated students with regard to the policies and procedures for close contact exposure to COVID-19 listed above. Falsifying proof of vaccine records is a breach of student conduct policy, and will be subject to sanctions through our conduct process.

Mask Use for Fall 2021

Currently, there are no plans to implement a new mask mandate in Orange County. At this time, those who are not fully vaccinated must continue wearing a mask indoors in accordance with guidelines from the California Department of Public Health (CDPH). Any updates to CDPH or local mask guidelines will be communicated to the campus community. At the present time, there are no requirements for physical distancing in place on campus, whether inside or outside.

New Mental Health Resources for Students

Concordia is partnering with the online platform called Togetherall to expand mental health resources for all CUI students. Students can access additional mental health support 24/7. Togetherall is a safe and anonymous online community where CUI students can connect with others that have real lived experience for advice and support any time of day or night. They can also complete self-paced courses or explore other helpful wellbeing resources when it suits them. Togetherall is a great supplemental source of support when other services are closed, including evenings, weekends and holidays. This online resource is moderated by trained professionals to keep them safe. Students are encouraged to register with their Eagles email address today!

REGISTER FOR TOGETHERALL
More Information Coming Your Way

In the days ahead, students and families will receive more information about assigned move-in dates and SOAR weekend – our orientation program for new students. Orientation includes programs for freshmen, transfers, commuters and residents, and for parents. To look through the calendar and purchase meals for the weekend, please visit the Student Orientation, Activities, and Registration (SOAR) website. We are so excited to see you all on campus!

For more information about COVID-19 policies, vaccine resources, symptom tracking, and on-campus COVID-19 testing resources, and current COVID-19 case counts on campus, please visit cui.edu/covid-19/covid-dashboard.

We look forward to welcoming our students and families to campus soon!

May 5, 2021
‌
Campus Update on Vaccines and Mask Guidelines

May 5, 2021

Dear CUI Students and Families,

You did it! You made it through an academic year unlike any other!

This final Campus Update of the semester provides information on Concordia University Irvine’s vaccine policy for the Fall 2021 semester and updates to guidance concerning the use of masks and face coverings on campus.

CUI COVID-19 Vaccine Policy

Concordia University Irvine strongly recommends that all students attending in-person classes for the Fall 2021 semester be vaccinated prior to returning to campus. Now that the COVID-19 vaccine is available to anyone 16 and older, we encourage students to take advantage of appointments available locally and near your home.

Why Does CUI Recommend Vaccination?

There have been enormous impacts on college communities, including economic, academic, social, physical, and mental health consequences for students, faculty, and staff. The American College Health Association (ACHA) recognizes that comprehensive COVID-19 vaccination is the most effective way for institutions of higher education to return to a safe, robust on-campus experience for students in the Fall 2021 semester. Vaccination allows the campus community to resume more activities that enhance studen