s. See more information about testing below.

In week three, some science labs and some studio arts activities will move to in-person learning. The list of labs and arts activities that will be in person will soon be posted on the Learning Together web page. When permitted, more courses will move to dual mode in the spring semester with some students in the classrooms and others engaging live online. Students who wish to complete their semester online may do so. Those who wish to attend their courses in person will be welcomed to do that.

Whether courses are online or in dual mode, course schedules will remain the same. For instance, a course that meets MWF from 8:30-9:20 am will keep that schedule the whole semester. Most class sessions will be synchronous (live virtual meetings) with the professors and students in attendance at the same time. Some class sessions might be asynchronous, meaning that the class does not meet at the scheduled time (e.g., Friday from 8:30-9:20 am), but instead students have an assignment to accomplish on their own or in groups by a set time.

Students who live outside the contiguous United States (outside of the 48 adjoining states), may ask their professors about accommodations based on time-zone differences. Accommodations are to be worked out with professors directly as they know what the learning outcomes are for their courses and what modifications can be made to still achieve those outcomes.

FREE COVID-19 Testing for Returning and New Students

Resident students and commuter students coming to campus for the Spring 2021 semester will be required to make an appointment for COVID-19 testing in the Wellness Center. Resident students will be assigned a move-in time and be tested as part of the move-in process. Resident students will receive an email from Residential Education Services regarding move-in dates and procedures. All other traditional undergraduate students are expected to make an appointment prior to the start of any in-person activities, such as student employment, athletic practices, arts activities, science labs, etc. Information about testing dates and appointments for commuter students and Nursing students will be communicated at a later date.

We look forward to a new semester, a new year, and a fresh start. Though many challenges remain, we will face them as a community, heeding our Lord’s command to love one another. We trust in God’s grace to light our way and prepare us for the journey ahead.

Praying for the Lord’s grace and peace for each of you!

December 3, 2020
‌
CUI Response to New CA Regional Stay Home Order

December 3, 2020

On Thursday, December 3, the State of California released a new Regional Stay Home order. This order is based on ICU capacity at hospitals within specific regions, rather than by county. Regions where ICU capacity falls below 15% will face new restrictions.

At this time Orange County, as part of the Southern California region, has not yet fallen below the 15% ICU capacity threshold. However, the region is projected to hit this mark in the days ahead.

Under the new Regional Stay Home order, schools are listed as critical infrastructure and are allowed to remain open with essential services provided. This means that our residence halls will remain open, even once the Southern California region’s metrics trigger the Stay Home order.

Concordia University Irvine’s leadership team will continue to review the new Regional Stay Home order to assess implications for our campus community. Once the order is triggered for our region, Concordia will send a follow-up Campus Update communication that will provide more details about how the order affects our campus community.

We encourage everyone to do their part to keep our community safe as infection rates and hospitalizations continue to surge in the state. Please remember to wear your mask, wash your hands, maintain distance from others, and monitor your symptoms daily.

Stay safe and stay #CUITogether!

The COVID-19 Response Team

November 25, 2020
‌
COVID-19 Testing Results

November 25, 2020

Dear Members of the Concordia Community,

First, please know how truly thankful we are for all of you - our students, parents, faculty, staff, friends and community members. Your prayers and support during this challenging season, and especially the past few days, have truly been a blessing from the Lord!

There are a number of updates concerning our recent testing results, and what that means for our community in the weeks ahead.

Confirmation of Preliminary COVID-19 Tests

After receiving confirmation of recent preliminary COVID-19 tests, the Wellness Center has adjusted the number of positive COVID-19 cases on campus. Confirmed cases are lower than original unconfirmed numbers. This is good news! When preliminary numbers were posted on the university's dashboard on Saturday, November 21, a footnote explained that these initial test results were pending confirmation from an outside lab,