tain courses. If you are seeking a certification or license, contact your program director, chair, or dean before using the P/NP grade option.

Can I change my mind to get a letter grade (A-F) in a course after I decided to take a W or P/NP grade?

No. Once a student has submitted the proper form to take a W or P/NP grade in a given course, that decision is final.

How can I figure out what my GPA would be with different final grade options?

Use this GPA calculator and follow its instructions. Remember that a W, P, or NP grade would not be factored into the GPA calculation since they do not come with grade points.

March 23, 2020
‌
Information about housing and dining credits, storage and shipment of personal belongings

March 23, 2020

As we enter a new week, we wanted to update you on the status of several key university operations. We pray that you are staying healthy and taking care of yourselves spiritually and physically.

For information about housing and dining credits, storage and shipment of personal belongings, and contact information for student-service related departments, please see the March 17 update.

For questions about campus operations, student and employee resources, or other general inquiries, please email COVID-19@cui.edu.

But those who hope in the LORD will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles; they will run and not grow weary, they will walk and not be faint(Isaiah 40:31).

March 17, 2020
‌
CUI to close the campus and limit operations to essential staff and services only

March 17, 2020

At this time, university leadership has made the difficult decision to close the campus and limit operations to essential staff and services only. We believe that a shelter in place order is imminent for our area in the days ahead, as there is now evidence of community transmission in Orange County.

This situation is continually evolving and it is strongly encouraged that you should leave campus as quickly as possible and return to your permanent address. Should the city, county, or state impose further restrictions, this will severely impact, or prevent, your ability to leave. See information below about leaving items behind. We are directing students to leave campus by Thursday, March 19, by 5:00 pm.

If there is a compelling reason why you cannot return home, you may apply to stay. For those who must remain on campus, we are committed to maintaining food and other basic services for you. See information below about how to proceed with checking out of the residence halls, how to apply to remain on campus, and information about other university services.

Please note: Information below regarding Housing and Dining Credit has been updated to include clarifying details from what was previously posted.

Housing and Dining Credit: Updated
Leaving campus on or before March 19, 2020

Your prorated credit of housing and meal plan fees, for the period from March 19, 2020 through the end of the term, will be credited to your student account in May and applied against Fall 2020-2021 housing and meal plan charges. If you are a graduating senior in the Spring 2020 term, credits will be issued in May.

Approved extension beyond March 19, 2020

Your prorated credit of housing and meal plan fees, from your confirmed move out date through the end of the term, will be credited to your student account in May and applied against your Fall 2020-2021 housing and meal plan charges. If you are a graduating senior in the Spring 2020 term, credits will be issued in May.

Approved exception to stay through the end of spring semester

Those who receive an approved exception to stay through the end of spring semester will not receive a credit for housing or meal plan fees.

Please contact edgar.lopez@cui.edu if you have questions and/or Spring payment plans inquiries. Additional information will be posted to cui.edu/Bursar as it becomes available.

Personal Property Storage and Shipping

Concordia University Irvine recognizes that certain circumstances warrant the need for individuals to leave behind personal property in an effort to vacate the residence halls before the noted time of 5:00 pm on Thursday, March 19, 2020. In an effort to support those who have to leave property behind, we are working to develop formal processes to manage this personal property. This is not a process of convenience and is only being provided for those who have had to vacate items in an effort to leave in a hurry or who were unable to return to campus to retrieve belongings. After 5:00 pm on March 19, 2020, we will evaluate all rooms where residents have moved out. Rooms approved for extension beyond the checkout date will not be evaluated until the student moves out. Should items be left in a room by a checked out resident, the university will inventory, box, and label personal property.

To provide clarity about what students can expect in this process, the following information is provided:

Retrieval of personal prope