erence safety plans. To begin, only strength and conditioning activities will be allowed.
Fall sports competitions are postponed until spring.
Once competition resumes, there will be mandatory regular testing of athletes and staff, with isolation and quarantine required for positive tests.
Masks will be required for anyone attending a game (e.g. coaches, players, officials, et al.) but not currently playing.
No spectators will be allowed at events.

Concordia University Irvine will work with the Orange County Health Care Agency regarding allowable campus activities and guidelines for in-person courses. At this time, outdoor worship (without singing) and outdoor physical fitness activities are allowable on campus. Most other in-person group activities for students are not permitted at this time, including choral activities, theatre activities, brass and woodwind instrument playing. We understand how disappointing this news is for our many music, theatre students, and residential students. As with any new guidance, much is still being interpreted and resolved. Please know that faculty and staff are endeavoring to provide a full experience for students while living within the state and county guidelines, and we are actively seeking creative ways to continue these activities in ways that would be allowable by county health authorities.

Student Orientation, Activities, and Registration (SOAR) and Move-In Schedule

Due to the delay of the beginning of the fall undergraduate semester to August 31, new dates for move-in and SOAR (new student orientation) have been established.

Thursday, August 27 & Friday, August 28: Move-in days for freshmen and new students
Saturday, August 29 & Sunday, August 30: Move-in days for returning students
Saturday, August 29 & Sunday, August 30: SOAR for new students

Please note: Move-in dates and times have been assigned to all residential students and communicated via Eagles email. These days and times have been assigned to allow for physical distancing during the move-in process. We ask that families arrive during their assigned time so that only one family is moving into the residence hall room at one time.

More information about the SOAR schedule, Move-in, and Clearance will be sent to students' Eagles email, and can be found at cui.edu/SOAR. Zoom links for virtual orientation activities will also be sent to students’ Eagles email.

Plans for Online & Dual Mode Courses

All traditional undergraduate courses will be online for Fall 2020 until CUI is permitted to hold in-person courses. Only Nursing classes, select science labs, and studio art labs will be held in person. CUI is currently preparing a list of in-person lab courses and will communicate this in the days ahead. Once local health guidelines permit us to hold in-person classes, most courses will transition to a dual mode format. It is important to note that students who wish to complete their semester online may do so.

Our commitment to a robust academic experience will not waiver within the online environment. Students and faculty will be present with each other in live virtual settings in order to build relationships and foster interaction. Academic support services will also be available in a virtual format for students to access important information. To learn more visit Learning Together.

Technology Update

Concordia University Irvine has adopted Zoom as our official online meeting platform. All current CUI students can sign up for a Concordia Zoom account using their Eagles email address. There are no meeting time limit restrictions on these accounts, and they are available for as long as you are a student at Concordia.

Helpful training materials can be found in the Zoom section of the Student Guidance for Instructional Continuity Resources webpage:

CUI Zoom Account Setup
Access Zoom On Demand Training Materials for Students
Sign Up for a Live Zoom Training Session for Students

If you have any questions, please contact ITS@cui.edu or call (949) 214-3175.

Health Reminder - Don't Forget Your Flu Vaccine!

We strongly recommend that all students, and particularly our residential students, get the influenza vaccine as soon as possible. The COVID-19 virus is not the only communicable disease to worry about this season! Because the coronavirus that causes COVID-19 has similar symptoms to seasonal flu viruses, being vaccinated against the flu will help students and health care providers determine who needs to be tested for COVID-19. Contact your local health provider for information about the availability of the flu vaccine in your area.

We praise God that the long-awaited, state guidance aligns well with the months of planning and preparation we have undertaken. We eagerly await the return of all our students, faculty, and staff for the beginning of the traditional undergraduate fall semester. We will continue the important work of preparing students for their God-given vocations.

May the Lord richly bless eac