ic Calendar Updates

Last week, CUI’s academic leadership team approved adjustments to the traditional undergraduate academic calendar for the fall semester. Due to concerns expressed by local and national health officials about a possible resurgence of COVID-19 during the next flu season, Concordia has adjusted the academic calendar so that traditional undergraduate students will conclude face-to-face instruction on Tuesday, November 24, just before Thanksgiving Day. Resident students will return home and all students will take final exams in an online format November 30 through December 4. More information will be available soon regarding any modifications to December Commencement activities.

Campus Health and Safety Measures

While we are eager to welcome our employees and students back to campus, we are committed to doing so in a safe and considered manner, in accordance with guidelines from the CDC and the Orange County Health Care Agency. The University is investing resources and putting new guidelines in place throughout the campus to mitigate the possible spread of illness. As we come together as a community once again, we will love our neighbors by putting needs for safety first!

Below are some of the initiatives we are presently putting into place across campus:

Hand-sanitizing stations are being installed across campus.
Disinfecting wipes are being installed at the entrances of each building and in every classroom.
Hospital-grade, washable curtains installed in certain residence hall rooms, as well as augmented cleaning and disinfection in shared residence hall spaces.
Physical distancing markers are being placed in service areas around campus.
Plexiglass shields have been installed in service areas and at podiums in classrooms.
Buildings are equipped with high efficiency, double filter HVAC air systems, which include HEPA filters for both incoming and outgoing airflow.
All employees and students will be offered training on safety guidelines.
The Wellness Center has established capacity with local health providers to offer on-campus testing and contact tracing.
Additional isolation and quarantine rooms have been set aside in the residence halls for students diagnosed with or exposed to infectious illnesses (flu, COVID-19, etc.).
While local regulations are still in place, cloth face coverings will be required in certain areas on campus. More guidance will follow, as local regulations are subject to change.
Technology Enhancements and Dual Mode Courses

Establishing relationships with students is vital for a robust educational environment. We want to preserve face-to-face interaction, and students want this too. We also need to minimize physical proximity and the frequency of those physical interactions in order to minimize the possible spread of COVID-19.

To accomplish these twin goals, most courses will be moving to a dual mode of teaching and learning with a rotation of students in the classroom. To attain physical distance between students in classrooms, the rooms will be revamped so that a limited number of students can be in the room at one time. Other students will have the flexibility to engage with the course virtually in real-time (synchronously). More details on these course accommodations will follow in a future campus announcement.

Classrooms will be equipped with audio/video technology to enable this dual mode of teaching and learning. In order to facilitate access for virtual engagement, each student will need to have access to a computer with a camera, microphone, and speaker. More details on computer requirements will follow in a future campus announcement.

Commencement 2020

After much deliberation and consideration of local and state guidelines, the Graduation Committee has made the decision to move Spring 2020 Commencement ceremonies online. We previously were hopeful that we would be able to hold in-person events on August 8, but with the current gathering size restrictions we cannot be certain that an on-campus event of this magnitude would not be cancelled.

Virtual commencement ceremonies celebrating the Class of 2020 will now be held on Saturday, June 27 at 1pm, PST. Everything will be pre-recorded, but we will offer synchronous chat for messages of joy and celebration. Please join in watching the event and supporting our Class of 2020 graduates. We will have three separate ceremonies playing at the same time: Undergraduate; School of Education Graduate programs; and all other Graduate programs. Links will be sent out in an email closer to the ceremony date. You can also look for updates on the graduation website.

We are sad that we must put this celebration online, but we are also glad that we can help our graduates celebrate their successes sooner.

Campus Visits Now Available

Local government authorities have granted us permission to allow campus visits by appointment. Some of our new incoming students have not yet been able to visit campus in person, so we are 