Fall 2021 semester and updates to guidance concerning the use of masks and face coverings on campus.

CUI COVID-19 Vaccine Policy

Concordia University Irvine strongly recommends that all students attending in-person classes for the Fall 2021 semester be vaccinated prior to returning to campus. Now that the COVID-19 vaccine is available to anyone 16 and older, we encourage students to take advantage of appointments available locally and near your home.

Why Does CUI Recommend Vaccination?

There have been enormous impacts on college communities, including economic, academic, social, physical, and mental health consequences for students, faculty, and staff. The American College Health Association (ACHA) recognizes that comprehensive COVID-19 vaccination is the most effective way for institutions of higher education to return to a safe, robust on-campus experience for students in the Fall 2021 semester. Vaccination allows the campus community to resume more activities that enhance students’ personal, professional, and academic growth.

Vaccination also helps to protect the campus and surrounding community via herd immunity: high-risk individuals on campus and those students, faculty, and staff who have exemptions that preclude COVID-19 vaccination.

VIEW VACCINE FACT SHEET

Per the latest CDC guidance, individuals who are vaccinated do not need to quarantine when exposed to someone with a positive COVID-19 test. Students who are not vaccinated will be required to quarantine for 10 days after a known exposure, missing valuable class time, extracurricular, and social activities. Under current local and state health guidance, individuals who have previously tested positive for COVID-19 will not need to quarantine if they can provide documentation of a positive test result within 90 days of exposure. Policies concerning public health matters are subject to change as local and state guidance is updated.

Providing Proof of Vaccination

Both new and returning students who attend in-person classes will be asked to provide proof of COVID-19 immunization before returning to campus for the Fall 2021 semester. While the COVID-19 vaccination is not required to live in the residence halls or attend classes, those who choose to provide proof of vaccination will not have to quarantine after exposure to the virus. Those who do not provide proof of vaccination will have to follow all quarantine procedures.

For instructions on how to upload proof of vaccination, look for further email communication to your Eagles email account this summer.

New Mask Guidelines

The CDC’s recently updated guidance also covers the use of masks and face coverings for vaccinated individuals. Students who are fully vaccinated no longer need to wear masks outdoors, except in crowded settings. Students who are fully vaccinated may also be in residence hall rooms without masks when with others who are fully vaccinated.

We ask that all students continue to wear masks and maintain physical distance in all other indoor campus locations, such as classrooms, student service offices, the cafeteria, etc., until further guidance is available from state and local officials. We anticipate further relaxing of restrictions as we head into the summer months, and we will continue to update the campus community when new guidance is available.

Wishing you a safe and healthy summer!

February 25, 2021
‌
Preparing for the Fall 2021 Semester

February 25, 2021

As we come to the midpoint of the semester, we see many positive developments on the horizon. The improving COVID-19 numbers and the ongoing rollout of vaccinations bring hope that there is, indeed, light ahead. The expectation of a return to normalcy can begin to guide and shape our plans for the future.

Concordia University Irvine will return to in-person instruction for the Fall 2021 semester. We are optimistic that COVID-19 cases in Orange County will be low enough that our students will be able to safely return to in-person courses and campus life, and a more “normal” college experience. This might still include some safety measures, in accordance with local public health guidance at that time. We are planning for every contingency… and we have gotten very good at planning in the time of COVID!

Planning for the Fall Semester

Academic Advising: The Academic Advising season for the Fall 2021 undergraduate semester is underway. If you have not already done so, make an appointment with your academic advisor to plan out your fall semester courses and receive your pin to register for classes. Priority registration for Fall 2021 classes will open between April 11-14 based on your student classification.

SCHEDULE ADVISING APPOINTMENT

Housing Applications: Housing applications for the Fall 2021 semester open March 1. Residence halls will operate at full capacity. Stay tuned for news about exciting new amenities being planned to augment the student residence life experience! All students under the age of 22 ar