ntly scheduled to continue meeting for the remainder of the semester.

Music ensembles may resume in person, in accordance with guidelines in the Purple tier, once all students in each music ensemble have a negative test result after Thanksgiving Break confirmed by the Wellness Center.

Updated Mask Mandates

Recently updated guidance from the state of California requires that all individuals wear face covering indoors and outdoors when in the presence of others not from their household. This includes wearing a face covering outdoors when within six feet of another person outside your household, and wearing a face covering in any indoor space when another person outside your immediate household is present. Please remember to wear a face covering as you move about campus!

Finally, we want to acknowledge the truly Herculean effort of our Wellness Center, Residential Life, Athletics, Institutional Research, University Services and countless other community members who have pulled together to serve our students and employees in isolation and quarantine. They have helped students move, delivered meals, calmed fears, washed laundry, delivered supplies, done contact tracing, worked with county health officials, and prayed over our students and employees impacted in recent days. We are so thankful and blessed by each and every one of you!

Please continue to stay safe and have a very blessed Thanksgiving!

The COVID-19 Response Team

November 21, 2020
‌
Positive COVID-19 Cases on Campus

November 21, 2020

Dear CUI Community,

In the past few days, surveillance testing of our student population has revealed a number of positive COVID-19 cases among our students and employees. This testing was made available to our students who wished to be tested prior to returning home for Thanksgiving Break.

As of Saturday afternoon, a total of 48 cases among students and 16 new cases among employees have been reported in the past two days. The new active cases were revealed through surveillance Antigen testing. All the students have transitioned into isolation housing, and all are presently awaiting confirmation of the positive results through PCR testing. Contact tracing, quarantine, and subsequent testing of close contacts is ongoing. The university’s COVID-19 Dashboard will be updated daily as more confirmed Antigen and PCR test results become available.

As announced last week, the campus has already modified course instruction and operations in response to Orange County being placed in the most restrictive Purple tier in California’s Blueprint for a Safer Economy. In an abundance of caution, all further athletics practices have been cancelled, and will resume in the Spring 2021 semester. Courses will transition back to online instruction as of Monday, November 23, and remain online through the end of the semester, with the possible exception of a few in-person science labs and studio arts activities that might remain in person. Nursing clinicals will continue as currently offered.

The campus community, both students and employees, are strongly encouraged NOT to travel out of state for the Thanksgiving holiday, per the State of California travel advisory. Residence halls and food services will remain open for the duration of the holiday break. Students who do travel outside the state are strongly encouraged to sign up for COVID testing through the Wellness Center upon their return. Testing appointments will be available on Monday, November 30 through Wednesday, December 2.

-The COVID-19 Response Team

November 17, 2020
‌
OC Moves to the Purple Tier and CA Travel Advisory

November 17, 2020

Dear CUI Students,

On Monday, November 16, the State of California announced that most counties, including Orange County, would immediately be placed in the most restrictive Purple Tier, due to escalating case numbers in the state and in our county. This, in addition to the state-wide travel advisory that came out on Friday, November 13, impacts classroom instruction, Thanksgiving travel plans, and residence life.

Classroom Instruction

Beginning Monday, November 23, classes that had transitioned to dual mode will go back to online instruction. Labs and studio arts activities that were previously approved for in-person instruction will continue to be offered in person until further notice.

Athletic Practices

Athletic practices will continue through the remainder of this week. Coaches will be in contact with their teams for specific instructions. Student-athletes are reminded to continue daily screenings, wear masks during practice, maintain physical distance and stay safe!

Residence Life

The residence halls will remain open. Students are not required or advised to move out early due to the more restrictive guidance.

All services open! - Food service, student health services, the library, study spaces, and all student services will remain open for the duration of the fall semester.
No room-to-room visitation - Resident students 