esident students are not required to wear a mask within their residence hall room. Students will not be required to wear a mask for athletics practices, or co-curricular activities such as instrumental and vocal ensemble rehearsals, forensics rehearsals, theatre rehearsals, etc. Faculty who are fully vaccinated will not be required to wear a mask while teaching in the front of the classroom. Students who are fully vaccinated may remove their masks while presenting in front of the class. Masks may be removed when eating in the cafeteria and Eagles’ Landing, but should be on while going through line or returning to the serving areas.

New Orange Country Health Orders

The Orange County Health Care Association (OCHCA) recently issued an updated health order for quarantine and isolation requirements. This order reduces isolation requirements to five days after the onset of symptoms or from the date of the positive test, if asymptomatic. Individuals must then obtain a negative test result to return to normal activities, and should continue to wear a face mask around others for another five days. Those who do not “test out” should isolate themselves for 10 days before returning to normal activities.

Individuals who are identified as close contacts who are not-up-to-date with their COVID-19 vaccine status (as defined by the OCHCA health order) are to be quarantined for five days from the last contact and obtain a test on Day 5 or after. Those who are considered up-to-date do not need to quarantine. For definitions of who is considered up-to-date and not-up-to-date and other quarantine exemptions, please consult the OCHCA public health order.

While we pray that the rapid increase in COVID-19 cases soon peaks, we encourage all community members to exercise caution and concern for your neighbors in the days and weeks ahead. If you feel sick, contact the Wellness Center and seek out testing, and do not attend classes or activities. Wear an appropriate mask in all indoor settings, avoid indoor gatherings, wash your hands, and practice physical distancing.

Information about our campus COVID-19 cases is available on our COVID-19 dashboard. For questions about testing, class accommodations, or county and campus COVID-19 guidelines, please contact covid-19@cui.edu.

December 9, 2021
‌
Campus Update: Reminder for the Return from Christmas Break

December 9, 2021

Greetings, CUI Community Members!

As the Christmas holiday and semester break quickly approaches, we want to alert you to updated mask guidelines and new COVID-19 testing procedures in place for the beginning of the semester. In addition, there are new international travel requirements issued by the CDC.

Updated Mask Guidelines for the Beginning of the Semester

For the beginning of the new semester, all members of the CUI community who come to campus–students, faculty, staff and campus guests–will be required to wear a face mask in indoor settings, regardless of vaccination status. Please remember to bring appropriate face coverings with you when you return to campus.

There are limited exceptions to the mask guidelines. Resident students are not required to wear a mask within their residence hall room. No student will be required to wear a mask for athletics practices, or co-curricular activities such as instrumental and vocal ensemble rehearsals, forensics rehearsals, theatre rehearsals, etc. Faculty who are fully vaccinated will not be required to wear a mask while teaching in the front of the classroom. Students who are fully vaccinated may remove their masks while presenting in front of the class. Masks may be removed when eating in the cafeteria and Eagles’ Landing, but should be on while going through line or returning to the serving areas.

While COVID-19 cases are presently stable in Orange County, concerns about new variants and a predicted surge in infections after holiday travel are cause for extra safety precautions as we return to campus. The new mask guidance will be in place through January 28, 2021 and will be reevaluated prior to that date.

COVID-19 Testing for Spring 2022

There is no COVID-19 testing requirement in place for students returning to campus after Christmas Break. However, certain groups of students will be required to take a COVID-19 test in order to be cleared to participate in campus co-curricular activities. All student athletes, music, theatre, and forensics students will receive a communication about scheduling a test after their return to campus in January. All other students may request a COVID-19 test, but are not required to be tested to return to residence halls, in-person classes, or other campus activities.

New COVID-19 Testing Options

Concordia University Irvine has partnered with a new provider, Color, to provide free COVID-19 testing for faculty, staff, and students. There will also be expanded testing opportunities for individuals who must test regularly. Students and employees can set up an account with Col