ntact tracing and determining quarantine requirements. You can also view a tutorial video with instructions on how to upload your vaccination record. 

UPLOAD VACCINE INFO
TUTORIAL VIDEO
January 4, 2022
‌
Campus Update: Course Mode Shifts Online for Week 1 of the Semester

January 4, 2022

Dear CUI Community Members

In light of the recent surge in COVID-19 transmission rates in Orange County, Concordia has modified plans for your return to campus. Please continue reading for information on COVID-19 testing recommendations, details about the shift to online instruction in Week One, new quarantine and isolation guidelines from the State of California, and reminders about masking.

Residential students may return to campus as scheduled, including any students who need to arrive early. Food services and meal plans will resume as scheduled on Sunday, January 9 for dinner, and all student services and campus offices are open.

Online Instructions for Week One

We look forward to welcoming everyone back to campus for the start of the new semester. The Spring 2022 semester will begin as scheduled on January 10, with all classes and labs, both undergraduate and graduate, on the main campus being offered in an online format for the first week of the semester, January 10 - 14. Classes and labs on the main campus are slated to return to in-person teaching and learning in the second week on Tuesday, January 18. There are no classes on MLK Day on January 17. Nursing courses at CUI’s Park Place campus will, however, be in person starting the first week of the semester.

With the recent spike of cases due to the highly contagious nature of the Omicron variant, the shift to online instruction for Week One will give community members more opportunity for COVID-19 testing and screening as we come together once again on campus. The delay also provides faculty members time to prepare for any necessary accommodations affected students need, should they test positive upon their initial return to campus or soon thereafter.

COVID-19 Testing for Spring 2022

We strongly recommend that all students, both residential and commuter students, be tested for COVID-19 in the 48 hours prior to their return to campus. If you test positive, you should delay your return to campus, notify the Wellness Center and isolate at home until cleared by the Wellness Center. The Wellness Center will alert the Office of Disability Access Services (DAS) to begin the process for temporary course accommodations.

If you are unable to obtain a screening test prior to your return, or if you simply wish to test yourself again, the following testing options are in place:

Each residential student will have a free rapid test kit available from the California Department of Public Health (CDPH). These test kits are scheduled to arrive on campus January 5 and will be placed in each residence hall room, along with printed instructions and a link to video instructions on YouTube. Residential students should test the day they return and report any positive results to the Wellness Center at wellness@cui.edu or call 949.214.3102.
PCR testing through Color will be available Mon/Tue/Wed, January 10-12, in the CU Arena from 9:30 am - 1:30 pm. Students can set up an account with Color through MyCUI to expedite testing. Test results will be texted directly to the individual within 24-48 hours. Button Link: Student Test Registration
Reminder Regarding Mask Guidelines

For the beginning of the new semester, all members of the CUI community who come to campus–students, faculty, staff and campus guests–will be required to wear a face mask in indoor settings, regardless of vaccination status. Please remember to bring appropriate face coverings—such as a medical/surgical mask or a fitted N95 or KN95 mask—with you when you return to campus. The new mask guidance will be in place through January 28, 2022 and will be reevaluated prior to that date.

There are limited exceptions to the mask guidelines. Resident students are not required to wear a mask within their residence hall room. Students will not be required to wear a mask for athletics practices, or co-curricular activities such as instrumental and vocal ensemble rehearsals, forensics rehearsals, theatre rehearsals, etc. Faculty who are fully vaccinated will not be required to wear a mask while teaching in the front of the classroom. Students who are fully vaccinated may remove their masks while presenting in front of the class. Masks may be removed when eating in the cafeteria and Eagles’ Landing, but should be on while going through line or returning to the serving areas.

New Orange Country Health Orders

The Orange County Health Care Association (OCHCA) recently issued an updated health order for quarantine and isolation requirements. This order reduces isolation requirements to five days after the onset of symptoms or from the date of the positive test, if asymptomatic. Individuals must then obtain a negative test result t