r mission to be guided by the Great Commission of Christ Jesus and the Lutheran Confessions, empowering students through the liberal arts and professional studies for lives of learning, service and leadership will continue. We will work together, trusting in God’s grace, confident that we will emerge from this time stronger and unwavering in our commitment to fulfill our vocations to serve God’s people.

Concordia University Irvine has continually provided a holistic Lutheran Christian education to enable students to serve a world that is in desperate need of hope. Today, more than ever, this hope is needed!

May God bless you and your families during this most unprecedented time!

For His Students,

Michael A. Thomas, Ph.D.
President, Concordia University Irvine

April 21, 2020
‌
Updates on Financial Aid, SAT/ACT waiver, and extended Enrollment deposit deadline

April 21, 2020

It is hard to believe that the semester is almost at an end. Members of our community have been busy on multiple fronts - finishing up coursework, completing final projects, planning virtual events, finding ways to connect with and support one another, and planning for the weeks and months ahead. We specifically wanted to share some campus news and update you on the status of several key university operations.

If you have any questions, please email COVID-19@cui.edu.

April 6, 2020
‌
Concordia University Irvine received reports of three positive cases of COVID-19

April 6, 2020

Concordia University Irvine received reports of three positive cases of COVID-19 from a student, a faculty member, and a staff member. All of them are recovering and self-isolating at home. The student has not been on campus since the end of February. The deployed faculty member last visited the campus four weeks ago. Close contacts of the staff member within the CUI community have been notified and are on self-quarantine.

In accordance with health privacy laws, we cannot disclose the identities or personal information of the cases above. We are doing everything we can to support the individuals through what is undoubtedly a difficult time.

Please continue to stay at home. If you have to go out in public for essential activities such as shopping for groceries, caring for a loved one, seeking medical attention, or working in essential roles, please observe social distancing, wash your hands, and use a face covering in public settings.

Please also continue to hold up our community in prayer, especially those affected by the virus, during this critical time. We know that God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Psalm 46:1.

If you have any questions, please email COVID-19@cui.edu.

Financial Aid

Concordia University Irvine understands that families’ financial circumstances may have changed due to COVID-19. The Financial Aid Office is committed to partnering with you during this unprecedented time by reviewing your eligibility for financial aid and, where allowable, to adjust financial aid packages. If your eligibility allows for federal and/or state aid, additional documentation will be required. The Financial Aid Office will work hard to make this process as smooth as possible.

Families may submit the Loss of Income Due to COVID-19 through Google Doc or complete the fillable PDF and submit to finaid@cui.edu. Please note, changes or anticipated changes to income may not always result in a change to the financial aid offer, or may result in a one-semester revision that will be re-evaluated. Our staff is committed to working with each student who has concerns about their individual circumstances.  Specific questions can be directed to the Financial Aid Office.  Our office will notify you within 10 business days upon review of this information and what next steps are to follow.

Dependent Student Google Doc
Dependent Student PDF
Independent Student Google Doc
Independent Student PDF
Continuity of Instruction for Students

As of Monday, March 23, all student coursework has transitioned online, with the exception of some internships, practicums, and other external practical experience courses.

For questions and assistance regarding online coursework, visit the Student Guidance for Continuity of Instruction resource page, which is updated frequently.
For questions regarding internships, practicums, and related external experience courses, contact your faculty advisor.
Remote Work for Employees

Concordia University Irvine employees were previously instructed to work remotely through March 31, with a return to work date set for Wednesday, April 1. Due to the present shelter-in-place guideline instituted within the state of California, remote work has been extended indefinitely. Once the shelter-in-place guideline has been lifted, university leadership will communicate a new date of return to work.

Mail Services

The Mail Room is still receiving and sending mail. Hours of operation are from 10 am - 2 pm, Monday through Friday. Mail will n