, an NP grade does neither. Turning a low passing grade (e.g., D) into a NP could cause a problem with fulfilling graduation requirements. If you have questions, contact Sarah Anderson, the Senior Records Coordinator for Graduation and Degree Audits (sarah.anderson2@cui.edu).

Can international students use P/NP grades?

Yes. If you have questions, contact Faith McKinney, the Senior Director of the Moon International Center (faith.mckinney@cui.edu).

Can student-athletes use P/NP grades?

Yes, so long as a student-athlete earns a passing grade for satisfactory progress toward the degree (as defined by the NCAA). If you have questions, contact Sarah Anderson, the Athletic Eligibility Coordinator (kelly.flynn@cui.edu).

Can students on the GI Bill use P/NP grades?

Possibly. Students on the GI Bill must earn grades of A-F or P for at least 12 units to avoid repaying some of their GI Bill funds. Any student on the GI Bill who wishes to use a P/NP grade should contact Steve Leader, the Director of the Veterans Resource Center (steve.leader@cui.edu).

Can I use P/NP grades for EDUC and EDSP courses?

No. Because these are credential courses in an approved California Commission on Teaching Credentialing (CTC) program, students must earn a letter grade of B- or higher to pass these courses. A grade of P does not count. For more information on EDUC and EDSP courses, contact Professor Heather Vezner (heather.vezner@cui.edu).

Can I use the P/NP option for a course in which I have an incomplete grade?

No. Incomplete grades (IC or IF) permit students additional time to complete their coursework for a letter grade.

Can I use the P/NP option for a repeat course?

Yes. If you select a P/NP grade for a repeat course, the repeat will be honored in place of the previous course grade, but the P/NP will not factor into your GPA.

Can I use the P/NP option if I am on academic probation?

Yes, but any course with a P or NP grade would not help you raise your semester GPA.

Can I use the W or NP option in a course I failed due to academic dishonesty?

No.

Will my institutional scholarship be affected by P/NP grades?

No. P and NP grades do not factor into the GPA. As long as you meet the GPA standard for the institutional scholarship, you will retain the scholarship. Federal and state aid have their own requirements tied to satisfactory academic progress. Courses with an NP grade receive no units and could impact your ability to maintain satisfactory academic progress. If you have questions, contact finaid@cui.edu.

Can I be harmed academically or financially if, by withdrawing from one or more courses, I move to part-time status?

Possibly. To ensure this does not happen, you need to fill out the Drop to Part-Time Request form and speak with relevant offices listed on the form (e.g., Financial Aid, Veterans Resource Center, Athletic Eligibility Coordinator) before finalizing your plans to withdraw from one or more classes. The deadline for filing and submitting this form is the same as the new W deadline: Friday, April 24.

Can I be on the Dean’s List and receive an Academic Commendation if I use the P/NP option?

Yes, if you take at least 12 units for letter grades (A-F) in Spring 2020 and satisfy the GPA standards for the Dean’s List and Academic Commendation.

How will P/NP grades affect my plans to go to graduate school?

There is no clear answer at this point in time. Many universities are offering students the option of P/NP grades in Spring 2020, so the expectation is that graduate schools would understand this scenario and accordingly contextualize the grades of potential graduate students. What a particular university or graduate department will do, however, is unknown. If you have questions, contact the graduate schools you intend to apply to and ask them directly.

Will P/NP grades affect professional qualifications?

Possibly. Some professional certifications or licenses might require you to earn a letter grade of C or higher on certain courses. If you are seeking a certification or license, contact your program director, chair, or dean before using the P/NP grade option.

Can I change my mind to get a letter grade (A-F) in a course after I decided to take a W or P/NP grade?

No. Once a student has submitted the proper form to take a W or P/NP grade in a given course, that decision is final.

How can I figure out what my GPA would be with different final grade options?

Use this GPA calculator and follow its instructions. Remember that a W, P, or NP grade would not be factored into the GPA calculation since they do not come with grade points.

March 23, 2020
‌
Information about housing and dining credits, storage and shipment of personal belongings

March 23, 2020

As we enter a new week, we wanted to update you on the status of several key university operations. We pray that you are staying healthy and taking care of yourselves spiritually and physically.

For information about housing and dining credits, storag