ains low.

There is no confirmed COVID-19 case at CUI at this time and no interruption of classes and events. CUI has a pandemic plan in place and is being revisited to make modifications in response to COVID-19. The Moon International Center is monitoring the situation abroad and responding accordingly. The Wellness Center continues to work with local public health department and with American College Health Association in response to the rapidly evolving situation.

February 3, 2020
‌
Orange County Health Care Agency Coronavirus Guidelines for Schools, Colleges & Universities

February 3, 2020

Orange County Health Care Agency Coronavirus Guidelines for Schools, Colleges & Universities

January 27, 2020
‌
Coronavirus Health Advisory

January 27, 2020

Dear Concordia community--
As of today, there is a confirmed case of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in Orange County. We have been informed that the individual is not a Concordia University Irvine student, faculty or staff member. We have learned that the individual acquired the infection directly from Wuhan, China, where this virus was first identified. The individual traveled to the US right before China closed their airport and banned travel from that city. While the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is closely monitoring events, the Orange County Health Care Agency (OCHCA) assures the public that the risk of local transmission remains low.

However, we take the health and safety of our students, faculty and staff seriously. Since the virus is new, there is still more to learn about how it spreads and how it can be prevented. For now, it seems like the incubation period is 14 days, although this number may change in the next few days as we learn more about it. If you have recently traveled or have been in close contact with someone who recently traveled to Wuhan, China, please contact the Wellness Center at (949) 214-3102 or wellness@cui.edu and we will assist you in monitoring your symptoms. According to the OCHCA, the coronavirus is spread, similarly to other illnesses like the flu and common cold, through coughing or sneezing by those who already have it. Symptoms can include fever, coughing and difficulty breathing. Concordia’s Wellness Center receives regular updates from OCHCA regarding the novel coronavirus along with recommendations for our Nurse Practitioners on surveillance, treatment, and reporting.

If you develop a fever, cough, body aches, sore throat or other flu-like symptoms without a recent travel to Wuhan, China, it is highly unlikely that it is due to the novel coronavirus and more likely that it is from the seasonal cold and flu virus.

CUI guidelines recommend observing these common precautionary measures to protect yourself and others from viral illnesses:

wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds
use hand sanitizers if water is not available
avoid touching your eyes, nose, mouth
cover your cough or sneeze
avoid close contact with people who are sick
stay home if you develop flu-like illness (fever, sore throat, cough, body aches) and seek medical help if needed
disinfect surfaces (door handles, desk) and shared equipment (phone, keyboard, mouse, etc.)

Next Steps
Concordia University Irvine staff will continue to closely monitor this situation and work with appropriate agencies. We will provide additional updates as needed. We’re here to answer your questions and concerns. Please don’t hesitate to contact CUI’s Wellness Center at (949) 214-3102 or at wellness@cui.edu.

Sincerely,
Michelle Laabs, MSN, FNP-C
Director, Student Health Services
Concordia University Irvine

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

