campus to begin working remotely again, while our essential employees remain on campus to maintain our core physical operations and serve the students who have remained on campus for the summer months.

At this time, we are still preparing to welcome students back for face-to-face classes on August 17, and we continue to plan for dual mode courses, as well as online course options. CUI has prepared diligently over the last few months to welcome students, staff, and faculty to campus. For a review of the protocols for the return to campus, please peruse the CUI Together website.

CUI’s leadership team continues to closely monitor guidelines and rulings from the Orange County and California health agencies. Simultaneously, we continue to work on plans for a safe return for our employees and students. In the days ahead, we will determine how these new local restrictions affect the early arrival plans of some of our student groups. We will continue to communicate to the campus community as new developments occur that affect our campus operations and plans for the fall semester.

The world at this time is in desperate need of hope. The Lord will use each of us to shine His love into the lives of those around us. As we pray for each of you, we ask for your prayers and patience as we continue on this journey together! We trust ever more confidently in the Lord’s grace and mercy and rejoice in the salvation He brings through His Son, Jesus Christ.

–The Return-to-Campus Task Force

June 19, 2020
‌
CUI Together – Our Return to Campus Plan

June 19, 2020

Concordia Students and Families,

We are now officially less than two months away from the official start of the fall academic semester on August 17, and our Return to Campus task forces are readying the campus for your arrival. CUI employees previously working from home will begin returning to campus in phases beginning June 22, and (pending state and local approval) our Nursing students will begin taking summer classes on the main campus at the end of June!

We know our students and families have lots of questions about how things will be different on campus, what safety measures will be in place, and what everyone needs to know as students prepare to return. We are excited to announce the launch of CUI together, a new collection of resources for CUI students, families, and employees on the cui.edu/COVID-19 website. The website is designed to answer frequently asked questions, provide links to important forms and information, and archive communications related to COVID-19. We will continue to add resources to the site in the weeks ahead, so check back frequently!

Please continue to check the COVID-19 website for more updates and new resources, or email COVID-19@cui.edu and we will forward your question to the appropriate department or resource.

As all of us in the CUI community prepare to learn together, live together, and work together once again, we will continue to care for one another, keep each other safe, and connect in new ways so that we can truly be CUI together!

–The COVID-19 Response Team

June 3, 2020
‌
Planning for Your Return to Campus

June 3, 2020

Greetings CUI Students and Families!

Planning for Your Return to Campus - #CUItogether

We are very excited to announce that we have been given the go-ahead by state and local health authorities to begin welcoming back employees and student workers in small numbers during the month of June. Our Return-to-Campus task forces are very busy planning for your arrival back on campus. Those joining us this summer will be the first to experience the new safety measures coming into place on campus. While we await additional clearance from local authorities to begin offering in-person classes, summer graduate program courses are being taught online, and Nursing summer cohorts are planning for both online and face-to-face instruction. For our traditional undergraduate students, classes will begin as scheduled on August 17.

Academic Calendar Updates

Last week, CUI’s academic leadership team approved adjustments to the traditional undergraduate academic calendar for the fall semester. Due to concerns expressed by local and national health officials about a possible resurgence of COVID-19 during the next flu season, Concordia has adjusted the academic calendar so that traditional undergraduate students will conclude face-to-face instruction on Tuesday, November 24, just before Thanksgiving Day. Resident students will return home and all students will take final exams in an online format November 30 through December 4. More information will be available soon regarding any modifications to December Commencement activities.

Campus Health and Safety Measures

While we are eager to welcome our employees and students back to campus, we are committed to doing so in a safe and considered manner, in accordance with guidelines from the CDC and the Orange County Health Care Agency. The University is investing resources an