mpusClear app and answer questions daily. It takes less than 10 seconds to answer the self-screening questions. Learn more about how to monitor and report your symptoms.
Classroom Safety Protocols - Watch the video!
Stay 6 feet apart in buildings and classrooms.
Wear a mask - in class, indoors, and while walking around campus.
Clean your desk - Use the sanitizing wipes provided in each classroom to wipe down your desk/table area and chair before class starts.
If you are sick or quarantined, do not come to class in person. Contact your professors and attend your courses online.
Scan the QR Code
QR codes have been placed at the entrance to each classroom and many offices. Please scan the code before entering your classroom. This information will be used for contact tracing in case someone in the class is diagnosed with an infectious illness.
Commuter Student Study Spaces

Several areas on campus are available as student study spaces.

Library - Open study areas and private study rooms are available.
Commons Tent - Tables on the west side of the tent are equipped with charging stations.
Outdoor seating across campus - WiFi is available in most outdoor seating areas across campus.
Moving from Red to Orange

When Orange County moves from the “Red” category to “Orange” in California’s reopening criteria, this will allow Concordia to offer many more courses in dual mode. This could happen by mid-October. Your professors will contact you again to alert you before more dual mode courses begin.

Please note, we still have reduced capacity in the CUI residence halls this school year. Our ability to move more students into the halls during the semester is significantly limited, but please feel free to request your name be added to a housing waitlist by emailing res@cui.edu.

We look forward to having more students and professors together in the classroom.

Peace be with you.

Rev. Scott A. Ashmon, Ph.D.
Provost, Concordia University Irvine

September 21, 2020
‌
In-Person Course Update

September 21, 2020

Dear CUI Undergraduate Students,

By now you should have received a survey from each of your professors asking if you (a) will attend the course in person when allowed to do so or (b) will complete the course online. Submit your response to each survey by Wednesday, September 23. You will be marked as staying online for each course survey that you do not respond to by the deadline.

If you select to complete the course online, you will be expected to do just that. A student cannot attend a course in person if the student has chosen to complete the course online or is marked as such by failing to answer the survey on time. Why not? Because we are (a) creating fixed in-person student groups for each course that fit the permitted COVID-19 seating capacity for the assigned classroom, and (b) we are keeping the number of new student contacts down to prevent the possible introduction and spread of illness.

In addition to determining which students will be attending classes on campus, the survey results will determine (a) which courses will begin in-person, dual mode instruction on Monday, September 28 and (b) which courses will move to in-person instruction later, perhaps by mid-October.

Right now, universities in Orange County have permission to hold in-person courses at 25% seating capacity. Courses where all students who want to attend in person can all fit into the 25% capacity of the assigned classroom will be allowed to begin in-person, dual mode instruction on Monday, September 28. Those students who choose to attend in person will go to their classrooms starting September 28. Those who choose to complete their courses online, or those who do not respond to the survey, will continue to attend the courses using Zoom.

If the number of students who want to attend a course in person exceed the 25% seating capacity for the assigned classroom, that course will wait to move to in-person instruction when universities in Orange County can hold in-person courses at 50% seating capacity. This could happen by mid-October. At that point, the professor would break the class up into one or more student groups for in-person attendance based on the survey responses you are submitting now.

Each professor will tell you this week if the course will start in-person instruction on September 28 or if it will remain fully online for now.

Finally, just to be clear, courses that are already marked as OL ("online"), such as WRT 102-OL 1, will remain online the whole semester. Also, the science labs, studio arts activities, and nursing courses that are currently meeting in person will continue to do so in the same fashion.

Look for another email this week to remind you about the safety protocols in place for in-person courses.

Peace be with you.

Rev. Scott A. Ashmon, Ph.D.
Provost

September 14, 2020
‌
Campus Update: In-Person Classes

September 14, 2020

NOTE: This community update contains out-of-date information. Please see more rece