ess of vaccination status, will be required to wear masks or face coverings in indoor settings. This applies to all employees, students, and guests. 

This new campus guidance will go into effect on Friday, August 20, at the start of S.O.A.R (new student Orientation) and will be in place through Labor Day on Monday, September 6. The requirement will be reevaluated every two weeks thereafter during the Fall 2021 semester. 

Why? We do this to care for one another and protect the health of our student and employee population. The CDC currently rates Orange County as a “high transmission” area. By asking everyone to wear masks, regardless of vaccination status, we give our community more time to be fully vaccinated as we come together from all over the nation and internationally. Many of our students, including nursing students (per CA State guidance) and student-athletes (per NCAA guidance), will be required to wear masks in many indoor settings. Criteria for amending the masking guidelines include local transmission rates, local and state guidelines, rates of infection on campus, and vaccination rates of students and employees on campus. 

Resident students will not be required to wear a mask within the student’s residence hall room. No student will be required to wear a mask for athletics practices, or co-curricular activities such as wind instrument and vocal ensemble rehearsals, forensics rehearsals, theatre rehearsals, etc. Faculty who are fully vaccinated will not be required to wear a mask while teaching in the classroom. Students who are fully vaccinated may remove their masks while presenting in front of the class. Presently, there are no plans for restrictions on the size of activities or group gatherings, including no physical distancing. 

Guidelines for Vaccinated and Unvaccinated Students, Including New Pre-arrival Testing Requirements for Resident Students

CUI highly recommends that ALL students (resident and commuter) receive the COVID-19 vaccine prior to their return to campus. All traditional undergraduate students are asked to upload proof of COVID-19 vaccination. This information will be used for contact tracing purposes. Students who opt not to upload proof of vaccination will be treated as unvaccinated students with regard to the policies and procedures for close contact exposure and quarantine protocols.

Additionally, resident students are asked to submit vaccine information or a negative COVID-19 test according to the timing outlined below. Commuter students who are not fully vaccinated are also encouraged, but not required, to obtain a COVID-19 test prior to arriving on campus for any classes or activities. 

Fully Vaccinated Resident Students

Resident students must upload proof of COVID-19 vaccination prior to arriving on campus at their designated check-in time. 

UPLOAD VACCINE INFORMATION

Resident Students Who Are NOT Fully Vaccinated

CUI resident students who are not fully vaccinated must show proof of a negative COVID-19 viral test, such as a PCR or antigen test, taken within 72 hours prior to arriving on campus at check-in. Resident students who are not fully vaccinated must upload proof of a negative COVID-19 test prior to coming to campus. Please note that the pre-arrival testing requirement pertains only to resident students.

UPLOAD COVID-19 TEST INFORMATION

Additional COVID-19 Information and Resources for Students

Student-athletes, international students, Nursing students, and other student groups will or have received further communication this week regarding particular COVID-related testing requirements and guidelines for their programs. 

Resources:

Vaccine Finder
SOAR New Student Orientation
COVID-19 Dashboard: Campus case counts, symptom checking, and testing info
COVID-19@cui.edu for questions regarding COVID-19 testing, vaccinations, and policies 

More information concerning campus guidelines for fully vaccinated and unvaccinated students can be found in the July 21 Campus Update, including what happens in case of campus exposure, quarantine and temporary housing guidelines, and restrictions on class attendance and activities.

As we eagerly kick off a new academic year, we are so thankful for the Lord’s continued blessings on our campus. We ask for the prayers and support of the entire campus community as we once again strive to show our love and concern for one another doing what we can to keep each other safe and healthy in the face of the ongoing pandemic.

July 21, 2021
‌
Campus Update: Preparing for Fall 2021

July 21, 2021

…Do not dwell on times past. Look! I am about to do something new! It is springing up even now…

Isaiah 43:18-19

Greetings Concordia Students and Families,

We are eagerly preparing for the return of our students in August. With improvements in the residence halls and student lounges, the expansion of the CU Active student fitness center, and a full slate of in-person student activities, our Student Affairs staff is ready to wel