n what restrictions will be lifted or modified for counties coming off the watch list. It is worth noting, CUI is not changing or lifting any restrictions at this time.

In these crucial weeks at the beginning of the semester, it is our expectation that our students, faculty, and staff will be guided by a shared responsibility to exercise caution and show concern for one another as we return to campus.

Important Notes About The Academic Calendar

As noted in past campus updates, the beginning of the semester will be conducted online, with the exception of a few in-person science labs and studio arts activities. For a list of labs and activities that will be conducted in person starting August 31, visit cui.edu/learningtogether or click on the link below.

In-person labs and activities

Course instructors will be reaching out to students in the days ahead with instructions on how to access online classes on the first day of instruction. If students have not already done so, visit the CUI Bookstore to order books online.

Classes will not immediately revert to a dual mode format now that we are officially off the state watch list. Students will be notified well in advance before the transition to dual mode classes begins. The soonest that a dual mode format could begin would be Monday, September 14. This will allow our students to become more acquainted with the online technology being employed for classes, allow for beginning of the year schedule changes, and give faculty an opportunity to divide their classes into groups for in-person and online instructional rotations. It also provides our campus community necessary leeway to determine an appropriate course of action in case infection rates in our area begin to increase once again.

The delay in the start of the traditional undergraduate semester to August 31 also necessitated a few adjustments to the Fall 2020 Academic Calendar.

Labor Day: September 7 - classes will be held
Reading Days: October 12 & 13 - no classes; students prepare for midterms
Thanksgiving Holiday - Wednesday, November 25 - Friday, November 27
Final Exam Week: December 14 - 18 (residence halls close December 19)

We strongly recommend and encourage residential students to remain on campus for the Thanksgiving Holiday. Meal services will be provided throughout the break, and the President’s Office is planning a special Thanksgiving holiday community meal for students. By encouraging resident students to remain on campus, we hope to mitigate the spread of seasonal illness that often accompanies the holiday travel season.

Orientation Follow-up For Parents: Coffee With The President, Provost, Dean Of Students, And Director Of Alumni & Family Relations

In these unprecedented times, we know that parents may be even more anxious to leave their student in a new environment. Whether moving into the residence halls or embarking in online classes from home, students are faced with new expectations and navigating unfamiliar processes, while also trying to make connections and exploring their place in a new community. Parents of new incoming students will have the opportunity to ask questions at the Online Parent Orientation scheduled for Saturday, August 29 at 12:00 pm. We would also like to give all our parents extra time to continue to ask questions they have about CUI, their student's transition to dorm life, and the protocols we have in place regarding COVID-19. To do this, we will host the following coffee conversations where parents can ask what is on their hearts and minds.

Friday, September 4, 12:00-1:00pm
Zoom Link
Friday, September 11, 6:00-7:00pm (Spanish speaking interpreter will be online)
Zoom Link
Friday, September 18, 9:00-10:00am
Zoom Link
CUI Together - A Challenge And An Expectation For Life On Campus

Over the past months, our campus community has exhaustively prepared and prayed over plans to bring the community back together safely. Our plans include ample opportunities to experience community, while also respecting the health and safety concerns of our students, employees, and neighbors.

As many of you have no doubt seen in the news these past weeks, many colleges and universities have begun the semester in person, only to cancel those plans and revert to online instruction. Often, student conduct in off-campus settings and on-campus residential housing has led to outbreaks of COVID-19 infections, causing institutions to clamp down on student activities and, in some cases, send students home.

We challenge our students - be better than what you have seen in the news. Care for one another. Hold each other accountable. Let your neighbor’s welfare be the compass for your behavior.

In so many ways, returning to campus this fall will not be tantamount to “returning to normal.” It will look and feel different on campus as we learn new ways to interact with friends, classmates, and professors. We will navigate online classes together, worship together, and eat meals outside 