g scared and fearful: God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Therefore, we will not fear. (Psalm 46:1-2a). May God provide you and your families a measure of comfort and strength in the coming days.

For His Students,
Dr. Michael A Thomas
President of Concordia University Irvine

March 11, 2020
‌
No confirmed cases of the COVID-19 coronavirus on the CUI campus

March 11, 2020

We continue to monitor and respond to the COVID-19 outbreak and are planning for a range of scenarios as well as short- and longer-term impacts. At this time there are no confirmed cases of the COVID-19 coronavirus on the CUI campus. All operations and classes continue as normal.

These are challenging times, and we want to assure you that we are in regular contact with Orange County Health Care Agency officials and the California Department of Public Health. In keeping with the most recent guidance from the CDC for institutions of higher education with no identified cases on campus, CUI classes are continuing without interruption. We recognize that such guidelines can change as circumstances evolve in our area, and we will keep the community apprised of any changes.

March 5, 2020
‌
Governor Newsom declares a state of emergency in California

March 5, 2020

Governor Newsom has declared a state of emergency in California to ensure that resources are made available to properly respond to COVID-19. Although there are cases throughout the state, there has not been an identified cluster. The first death in the state due to COVID-19 was in San Francisco, which is over 400 miles north of CUI. It is also projected that nationally, reported cases will go up as testing is expanded and becomes more available.

There have been confirmed cases this week in Orange County that were related to a recent travel to a geographic area of high risk. Orange County Health Care Agency (OCHCA) assures the public that the risk of local transmission remains low in our community.

CUI has no confirmed case at this time and is operating normally. CUI administrators continue to monitor the rapidly evolving situation and are working closely with our health care agency partners.

For those returning from Spring Break, please check the CDC Travel Information as guidelines constantly change in regards to potential restrictions upon your return.

March 3, 2020
‌‌
CUI continues operating normally, closely monitoring the situation regarding (COVID-19)

March 3, 2020

Dear Concordia Community,
Concordia University Irvine (CUI) continues to closely monitor the situation regarding the coronavirus (COVID-19). As our team of administrators continues to work with local, state and federal agencies, we wanted to bring you the latest update.

CUI continues operating normally. There is no confirmed COVID-19 case—student, faculty, or staff member—at Concordia at this time. Classes and events continue as scheduled.

Yesterday, key CUI staff members participated in a conference call with the Orange County Health Care Agency (OCHCA) led by OCHCA’s Medical Director of the Division of Epidemiology and Assessment. He shared the latest information and guidance on novel coronavirus (Covid-19).

OCHCA is working with federal, state, and local partners including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the California Department of Public Health (CDPH), and health care providers to prepare and to care for individuals who may be at risk or have tested positive for COVID-19. According to the OCHCA, there is no recommendation in Orange County to cancel school, business or community events at this time. Should a decision, in the future, need to be made to close a college or university, this decision would come from the Orange County Health Care Agency. While our health care agency partners remind us that one patient case at CUI, for instance, does not equal a campus closure, our key staff members are working together to create a contingency plan. It’s important to note that Orange County has had only one confirmed case of coronavirus. That individual, OC Health Care Agency officials report, has fully recovered. The case has no evidence of person-to-person transmission and risk of infection to the public in Orange County is still considered to be low.

Guidelines Remain the Same

Just like any regular flu season, it’s important that you continue to take precautionary measures to protect yourself and others from viral illnesses:

Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds.
Don’t touch your face, eyes, nose, mouth.
Cover your cough and sneeze with a tissue or your elbow.
Avoid close contact with people who are sick.
Stay home if you develop flu-like symptoms (fever, sore throat, cough, body aches) and seek medical help if needed.
Disinfect surfaces (door handles, desk) and shared equipment (phone, keyboard, mouse, etc.).

Look for hand sanitizer stations located around campus for your convenience. Visit the Centers for Disease Control & Pr