oy the Thanksgiving meal and activities offered on campus. Students, please register in advance for the Thanksgiving Day meal and activities.

Reducing travel back and forth during the break will help keep possible spread of illnesses down. Dual mode and online courses will resume on Monday, November 28.

Final Exam Week

The schedule for final exams is unchanged. Check with your professor on how your final exam will be given if you are taking the course in person. Otherwise, online courses will hold final exams online.

Grades

Final grades are due from professors on Monday, December 21. Grade options are normal (that is, A, A-, B+...F). Pass/No Pass is not an option this semester. This unique option was offered to traditional undergraduate students in Spring 2020 in response to the abrupt move from in-person courses to online learning that occurred late in the semester due to the campus shutting down from rise of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. This emergency shift in course modality does not apply to Fall 2020.

Graduation

We regret to say that since state guidance does not allow us to gather in large numbers, we will not be holding a December graduation ceremony on campus. We heard clearly from graduates and parents last spring that a virtual graduation ceremony is not desirable as the culminating academic rite of passage, so we will not hold a virtual ceremony this December. Instead, as has been done for most of CUI's history, December graduates will walk in the May. The May ceremonies will be held on CUI's campus. Details will follow later. The cancellation of the December ceremony will not affect the timeline in which students can expect to receive their degrees. Graduates, look for updates directly from the Office of the Registrar.

Courses for Spring 2021

At this point, we expect to have courses in dual mode and online in Spring 2021 much like they are now. Should Orange County slide back to the "purple" zone in January, the semester would need to start online. We pray that we will be in the "red" or "orange" zones so that we can have many courses, labs, etc. in person. Either way, all courses will meet on the days and times listed on the Master Course Schedule. As was the case this semester, students may choose to take their instruction online or, if permitted, in person. We expect Nursing didactic courses to continue in the same way they are now. More information will be given later on exactly how the Spring 2021 semester will begin and proceed. There are no changes to the Spring 2021 traditional undergraduate academic calendar.

Thank you to all members of the Concordia family who have prayed over our community these last weeks and months. Fires. Winds. Pandemic. God’s protection has been so evident on our campus. Let’s finish the second half of the semester strong!

Therefore, since we are surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses, let us also lay aside every weight, and sin which clings so closely, and let us run with endurance the race that is set before us, looking to Jesus, the founder and perfecter of our faith.

Hebrews 12:1-2a (ESV)

September 24, 2020
‌
In-Person Class Update – Reminders for Monday, September 28

September 24, 2020

Dear CUI Undergraduate Students,

Thank you for filling out the surveys about your preference for attending your courses online or in person moving forward. Your professors will communicate with you very soon about which courses will meet in dual mode (in person and online) on Monday, September 28, and which courses will remain fully online for the time being. Please keep in mind, only courses where all the students who want to attend in person fit within the classroom’s 25% capacity limit will meet in dual mode on Monday.

Staying Safe to Stay #CUItogether

Here are a few important reminders on how we can help keep each other – and the CUI community – safe as more people join us on campus Monday and in the weeks ahead.

Before You Come to Class
Download the #CampusClear app and answer questions daily. It takes less than 10 seconds to answer the self-screening questions. Learn more about how to monitor and report your symptoms.
Classroom Safety Protocols - Watch the video!
Stay 6 feet apart in buildings and classrooms.
Wear a mask - in class, indoors, and while walking around campus.
Clean your desk - Use the sanitizing wipes provided in each classroom to wipe down your desk/table area and chair before class starts.
If you are sick or quarantined, do not come to class in person. Contact your professors and attend your courses online.
Scan the QR Code
QR codes have been placed at the entrance to each classroom and many offices. Please scan the code before entering your classroom. This information will be used for contact tracing in case someone in the class is diagnosed with an infectious illness.
Commuter Student Study Spaces

Several areas on campus are available as student study spaces.

Library - Open study areas and private study rooms ar