date, including what happens in case of campus exposure, quarantine and temporary housing guidelines, and restrictions on class attendance and activities.

As we eagerly kick off a new academic year, we are so thankful for the Lord’s continued blessings on our campus. We ask for the prayers and support of the entire campus community as we once again strive to show our love and concern for one another doing what we can to keep each other safe and healthy in the face of the ongoing pandemic.

July 21, 2021
‌
Campus Update: Preparing for Fall 2021

July 21, 2021

…Do not dwell on times past. Look! I am about to do something new! It is springing up even now…

Isaiah 43:18-19

Greetings Concordia Students and Families,

We are eagerly preparing for the return of our students in August. With improvements in the residence halls and student lounges, the expansion of the CU Active student fitness center, and a full slate of in-person student activities, our Student Affairs staff is ready to welcome commuter and resident students back to campus. The faculty are excited for a full return to in-person teaching and learning, and our support staff are ready to serve your needs. Whether you are a new or returning student, you will find something new at Concordia this fall.

As always, the safety of our community is at the heart of our plans and preparations for the new semester. In this update, you will find information about Concordia’s vaccine policies for vaccinated and unvaccinated students, local mask guidelines, new mental health resources, and a link to our new student fall orientation program - SOAR weekend.

Vaccines: What You Need to Know for Fall 2021

All CUI students are strongly encouraged to be fully vaccinated with a COVID-19 vaccine before returning to campus for the 2021-2022 academic year. Please note, the choice to vaccinate lies with each individual and receiving the vaccine is not a requirement for attending classes in person or living in the residence halls.

If You Are Vaccinated

All CUI students attending classes or activities on campus are asked to upload proof of COVID-19 vaccination at least one week prior to coming to campus. Please use the link provided below to upload vaccine records.

UPLOAD VACCINE INFO

By when should I upload my vaccine record?

Residential students: a week before your assigned move-in date
Non-residential students: a week before any in-person class or on-campus activity
If You Are Not Vaccinated

Special Note: Unvaccinated (or not fully vaccinated) international students and students living or traveling abroad this summer must fulfill a 7-day quarantine prior to attending any on-campus events or classes.

International students: Contact the Moon International Center for more information at international@cui.edu.
Green card, U.S. citizens, or those living or traveling abroad prior to returning to campus:: Contact the Wellness Center at wellness@cui.edu or (949) 214-3102 to learn more about travel quarantine requirements.
More Considerations for Vaccinated and Unvaccinated Students

While CUI strongly recommends that members of our community be vaccinated, we know that not all members of our community will choose to do so for personal and health reasons. In order to protect all members of the community, the following policies will be in place in the event of a positive COVID-19 diagnosis for the 2021-2022 academic year.

If You Are Fully Vaccinated

If a vaccinated student is exposed to a positive case of COVID-19:

No testing is needed
No need to move rooms for quarantine if you live on campus
Can fully participate in person in co-curricular activities such as athletics, music ensembles, student activities, etc.
Can continue to attend class in person
Can go to on-campus job and supervisors do not need to be notified
If COVID-19 symptoms develop, vaccinated students are to report to the Wellness Center for testing and further instructions regarding quarantine and activities
If a vaccinated student tests positive for COVID-19, the student cannot attend classes, campus activities, or on-campus employment in person
Temporary accommodations for courses will be provided through Disability Access Services working with the professors
If You Are Not Fully Vaccinated

If a student who is not fully vaccinated is exposed to a positive case of COVID-19:

Students who live in the residence hall will move to a temporary room for 10 days from the last day of exposure
Commuter students should quarantine in their off-campus residence for 10 days from the last day of exposure
If COVID-19 symptoms develop, report to the Wellness Center immediately for testing
If COVID-19 symptoms are not present, testing is available through the Wellness Center according to current guidance, currently at days 3-5 from date of exposure
May not attend class in person while in quarantine or isolation
Temporary accommodations for courses will be provided through Disability Access Services working with the prof