 for payment of fall tuition and fees for all new traditional undergraduate students to August 17, 2020. Revised bills will be issued as soon as possible; please wait until you receive your bill before submitting payment.

We Are Here for You

The road we have collectively navigated over the past weeks and months has often left all of us with more questions than answers. While we hope for more clarity soon from our state and local authorities, we understand and respect the urgent need our students and families have to make plans.

As we focus our attention on getting students ready for online instruction and modified housing guidelines, we have put several resources in place for students and families.

Community Open Forum: Join us for one of three scheduled virtual meetings. Look for an invitation sent to your Eagles email account.
Monday, August 3, 1:30pm - 3:00pm PDT
Tuesday, August 4, 10:00am - 11:30am PDT
Tuesday, August 4, 3:30pm - 5:00pm PDT
Call Center: Beginning August 3, call (949) 214-3496 to connect with a friendly voice! Call Center hours are Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 4:30pm PDT.
Online Chat: We promise it’s a real human, not a bot! Look for the “Chat” icon on the cui.edu/CUItogether website. Chat hours are Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 9pm and Saturday-Sunday, 8:30am - 4:30pm PDT.
Email: covid-19@cui.edu
Social Media: Connect with us @concordiairvine on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram.

This spring and summer have brought many challenges and uncertainties. Let me encourage each of you to remain connected. We will continue to adapt and persevere until we can come back to campus together as soon and as safely as possible. In the meantime, we will continue to provide the most up-to-date information on the CUItogether website and through email.

I am so very grateful for your understanding, feedback, and prayers as we have navigated this uncertain and difficult season together. Please continue to lift up the CUI community as we move forward this academic year. We are fully committed to providing every student with an amazing academic experience this year! The faculty and staff are eager to get to know you (or to catch up after so many months) and engage with you through an online, academic experience. Of course, we are hopeful that we’ll be able to welcome you to campus for in-person classes sometime this semester!

Regardless of the uncertainties wrought by the COVID-19 pandemic, your Concordia education will be marked by the very same qualities that have always characterized our unique Lutheran approach to higher education. You’ll be formed intellectually to think in new and profound ways. You’ll be asked to examine your innate gifts and talents to discover the potential vocations that you’re being called to. You’ll be challenged to contemplate how you should use your gifts, skills, and knowledge to help others around you and to bring hope to a world that is in desperate need. Finally, you’ll be asked to explore your deeper purpose as you contemplate the God who has created you and loves you wholeheartedly.

We are excited to get this academic year underway despite the twists and turns that might lie ahead!

Students, welcome to a year that will be unlike any other! May God bless all our journeys ahead. And may our Lord bless and protect you and yours.

Michael A. Thomas, Ph.D.
President, Concordia University Irvine

July 14, 2020
‌
Update on Employee Reintegration; Plans Continue to Welcome Students Back to Campus

July 14, 2020

Dear CUI Students and Families,

On July 13, California Governor Gavin Newsom issued an order that resulted in an immediate impact on the university’s return to work plans. The order closes indoor office operations for non-essential businesses for all counties placed on a watchlist. Unfortunately, due to the recent rise in the number of COVID-19 cases in our area, Orange County is on that watchlist.

To comply with the Governor's order, we are requiring several employees who have returned to campus to begin working remotely again, while our essential employees remain on campus to maintain our core physical operations and serve the students who have remained on campus for the summer months.

At this time, we are still preparing to welcome students back for face-to-face classes on August 17, and we continue to plan for dual mode courses, as well as online course options. CUI has prepared diligently over the last few months to welcome students, staff, and faculty to campus. For a review of the protocols for the return to campus, please peruse the CUI Together website.

CUI’s leadership team continues to closely monitor guidelines and rulings from the Orange County and California health agencies. Simultaneously, we continue to work on plans for a safe return for our employees and students. In the days ahead, we will determine how these new local restrictions affect the early arrival plans of some of our student groups. We will continue to communicate to the campus community as