
In addition to beginning the semester with fully online instruction, we have decided to move forward with a revised housing strategy for the fall semester. To support the health and safety of residential students, faculty, and staff, and to comply with what we now anticipate will be the state guidance for student housing, we will reduce occupancy in the residence halls.

CUI Housing staff will be working directly with students to submit additional information about their need for housing this fall according to these new protocols. Students are asked to read all communication from Housing staff carefully and comply with the listed deadlines. There is a limited timeframe to gather information and notify students about the availability of fall housing. Failure to submit information accurately and in a timely manner may prevent a student from receiving full consideration for housing during the fall semester. Priority for housing accommodations will be communicated early next week.

We firmly believe that residence life is integral to building a sense of community for our undergraduate students; therefore, we want to preserve that possibility for students with demonstrated need, while ensuring the health and safety of each person. As you know, we have prepared diligently to bring the community back together in a safe and considered manner. New guidelines, policies, and resources will be in place throughout the campus to mitigate the possible spread of illness.

We are also blessed to have a large, secluded campus, with lots of outdoor recreation and study spaces. Students will find many opportunities for exercise, social time, and engagement while maintaining physical distancing. Our Student Affairs and Campus Ministry teams are committed to providing an engaging co-curricular experience for all students during the fall semester.

Return to Campus

If we receive guidance from state and local authorities during the Fall semester that authorizes a return to in-person instruction on campus and an increase in residential housing numbers, we will provide detailed instructions to accommodate this transition. However, it is important that students and their families can count on some level of stability as we move toward the middle of the semester. To provide some certainty, CUI has established that November 2 would be the last possible start date on campus, as this would allow seven weeks of in-person, dual mode instruction. In this situation, students who prefer to remain at home and complete their courses remotely would be permitted to do so.

CUI would, however, announce this transition no later than October 26. If we do not have state and local authorization to return to campus by that date, then the semester would be completed remotely.

Eagle Emergency Fund for Traditional Undergraduates

At Concordia, we strive each day to live out our mission to educate and prepare wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens who go into the world and carry out their callings with Christian love toward God and all other humans. We believe that this education is wholly transformative and should be made available to as many students as possible. Certainly we know that the COVID-19 pandemic has taken a severe toll on students and their families, not only emotionally and physically, but in some cases monetarily. For the fall semester, we will be providing a grant equivalent to 10% net tuition to offset tuition and fees for eligible traditional undergraduate students through the Eagle Emergency Fund, generously supported in part by Friends of Concordia University Irvine. The university will issue this grant automatically – students do not need to apply – and we expect that the vast majority of traditional undergraduates will be eligible to receive the grant. (Students receiving 100% of their tuition through scholarships and grants will be ineligible.)

Tuition Bill Due Date Extended for New Students

Because of these changes, we are extending the due date for payment of fall tuition and fees for all new traditional undergraduate students to August 17, 2020. Revised bills will be issued as soon as possible; please wait until you receive your bill before submitting payment.

We Are Here for You

The road we have collectively navigated over the past weeks and months has often left all of us with more questions than answers. While we hope for more clarity soon from our state and local authorities, we understand and respect the urgent need our students and families have to make plans.

As we focus our attention on getting students ready for online instruction and modified housing guidelines, we have put several resources in place for students and families.

Community Open Forum: Join us for one of three scheduled virtual meetings. Look for an invitation sent to your Eagles email account.
Monday, August 3, 1:30pm - 3:00pm PDT
Tuesday, August 4, 10:00am - 11:30am PDT
Tuesday, August 4, 3:30pm - 5:00pm PDT
Call Center: Beginning August 3, call