esday, March 18.

The safety of our students and employees is our top priority. While CUI's campus remains open, and no cases of COVID-19 have been reported on our campus, we have activated this response to limit the spread of the virus. In accordance with the advisory issued recently by the California Department of Public Health and Governor Gavin Newsom, the University has taken the actions that are listed below. However, this situation remains very fluid. Members of the CUI COVID-19 Response Team are in constant, close communication with local and statewide healthcare agencies. We will be issuing regular updates in the coming days.

Continuity of Instruction Plan
Starting Friday, March 13, all face-to-face and hybrid classes are cancelled to allow a smooth and orderly transition to the online format. These classes will resume online on Wednesday, March 18.
Existing online courses will continue without disruption.
All CUI classes will remain online until the end of finals week for the Spring Semester.
Clinicals, internships, selected labs, student placements, and service-learning opportunities will continue unless otherwise specified by the Department Chair and/or Dean. We will monitor these areas subject to public health agency guidance and input from community partners.
Students should regularly check their Eagles email for communication from professors and staff regarding instructions for online coursework.
Continuity of Housing and Food Service
Concordia University Irvine is committed to maintaining continuity of campus operations for students.
The residence halls remain open. We are not asking students in our residence halls to move out, and they are welcome to remain on campus.
Students may choose to return home at their discretion.
Food services will remain open, with the following modifications:
All self-service of food will be suspended.
Food will be plated and served by Bon Appetit staff members.
To-go containers will also be made available at no extra charge.
Individuals will be asked to maintain a 6-foot distance in all seating areas.
Guidance for Events on Campus
Chapel will continue, with the following modifications:
To enforce social distancing, students, faculty, and staff will be asked to sit 6 feet apart.
In accordance with present NCAA guidelines, athletic competitions will continue, with the following modifications:
Games and competitions will continue until further notification.
No off-campus spectators will be allowed.
To enforce social distancing, students, parents, faculty, and staff attending athletic events will be asked to sit 6 feet apart.
On-campus music, theatre, and other special events scheduled between Friday, March 13 and Tuesday, March 17 are cancelled. We will continue to evaluate options and announce the status of future events at a later date.
Guidance for Individuals who are ill or who are in High-Risk Groups
If you are ill, stay home or stay in your dorm room. Do not go to class. Contact the Wellness Center for a same-day appointment (949-214-3102).
Students who have underlying health conditions that put them at risk for complications from COVID-19 are encouraged to reach out to the Wellness Center for guidance.
Students who are at high risk and who wish to pursue alternative education arrangements should contact the Wellness Center. Similar alternative accommodations are being offered to our faculty and staff.

The Concordia University Irvine community is understandably experiencing various emotional responses to the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus. Fear, anxiety, sorrow, worry, uncertainty are all very normal responses. However, Concordia is a community and a family. We care deeply for one another. Please hold one another up in prayer, reach out to friends who are experiencing anxiety and fear, and know that the faculty and staff are here to support all of you. During these times, we also should lean upon our Lord Jesus Christ.

The Psalmist reminds us where to turn when we are feeling scared and fearful: God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Therefore, we will not fear. (Psalm 46:1-2a). May God provide you and your families a measure of comfort and strength in the coming days.

For His Students,
Dr. Michael A Thomas
President of Concordia University Irvine

March 11, 2020
‌
No confirmed cases of the COVID-19 coronavirus on the CUI campus

March 11, 2020

We continue to monitor and respond to the COVID-19 outbreak and are planning for a range of scenarios as well as short- and longer-term impacts. At this time there are no confirmed cases of the COVID-19 coronavirus on the CUI campus. All operations and classes continue as normal.

These are challenging times, and we want to assure you that we are in regular contact with Orange County Health Care Agency officials and the California Department of Public Health. In keeping with the most recent guidance from the CDC for institutions of higher education with no identified cases on campus, CUI 