https://www.cui.edu/covid-19/covid
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
COVID-19 Communication
Community Updates
COVID-19 Guidelines
Admissions Resources
Relief Funds
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine
COVID-19 GUIDELINES
ON THIS PAGE 
Student Illness

If you are too sick to come to class, stay home and notify your professors. Seek medical care, as appropriate. Contact the Wellness Center at (949) 214-3102 or wellness@cui.edu to make an appointment or self-report a communicable disease, like flu or COVID.

Students who miss class due to illness are to inform their professors about their absence and work with them on how to complete the course activities and assignments that they miss. A note from the Wellness Center or their healthcare provider is not necessary to verify these self-reported illnesses.

Regarding isolation, we will align our protocol with the state and county public health guidance to highly recommend (not require) isolation for students with communicable diseases, like COVID and flu, until they are fever-free for 24 hours without the use of fever-reducing medications.

COVID reporting Form for Employees

If you have tested positive for Covid-19, please click on the link below to submit a report to Human Resources. A Human Resources representative will contact you to provide you with instructions regarding quarantine and isolation protocols and to answer any additional questions you may have.

Q: What is the "infectious period"?
A: Effective January 9, 2024, CDPH has adopted the following definition of "infectious period," which now applies to the COVID-19 Prevention regulations:

For COVID-19 cases with symptoms, it is a minimum of 24 hours from the day of symptom onset. COVID-19 cases may return if 24 hours have passed with no fever, without the use of fever-reducing medications, and their symptoms are mild and improving, OR
For COVID-19 cases with no symptoms, there is no infectious period for the purpose of isolation or exclusion. If symptoms develop, the criteria above will apply.
The definition of "infectious period" will change if CDPH updates its definition in a regulation or order.

Q: What must an employer do if an employee claims a COVID-19 workplace exposure?
A: An employer should take any reports of exposure seriously and should investigate any evidence of an exposure. to determine if a close contact occurred. It is the employer's responsibility to determine if a close contact occurred and take appropriate steps in response (see Question 1 above).

Q: What are the criteria for a COVID-19 case to return to work?
A: An employee may return to work at the conclusion of their infectious period, as described above and in the State Public Health Officer Order.

Q: What are the criteria for an employee who had a close contact to return to work?
A: In non-outbreak situations, employers are not required to exclude close contacts, but employers must implement effective policies to prevent transmission after a close contact. Please refer to the section in this FAQ on CDPH's Isolation Guidance.

Q: Is a negative test required for an employee to return to work?
A: Employees can return to work without a negative test if they are no longer in their infectious period and wear a face covering until 10 days have passed since symptoms began or the date of their first positive test.
 

COVID-REPORTING

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

