https://www.cui.edu/covid-19/undergraduate-admissions-response-to-covid-19
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
COVID-19 Communication
Community Updates
COVID-19 Guidelines
Admissions Resources
Relief Funds
Contact Us
UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS RESPONSE TO COVID-19
Prospective Students

The crisis created by the global COVID-19 pandemic has made it even more difficult to access standardized testing and explore your opportunities for attending college. Please know we are here for you and will work with you and your family as together we navigate this uncharted territory together.

Apply Now 
Visit CUI 
Talk to a Counselor 
Request Info 
Virtual Tour 
Deposit
Admissions Requirements
‌
We are waiving SAT and ACT test requirements.

Waived for Spring 2021, Fall 2021 & Spring 2022 applicants. In lieu of test scores, some applicants may be required to submit additional documentation.

‌
We will accept Pass/Fail (P), Satisfactory (S), or Credit (CR) coursework for all undergraduate applicants.

These courses will count for general education requirements, major and minor requirements, and electives at Concordia University Irvine as currently articulated. Grades of P, S, or CR will not count in calculating a student's incoming GPA or cumulative or institutional GPA at Concordia University Irvine. This exception applies to transfer students who enroll at Concordia University Irvine in Spring 2021, Fall 2021, or Spring 2022. For questions on how P, S, or CR grades for courses taken in other semesters would be articulated, contact Jennifer Meyer at jennifer.meyer@cui.edu.

‌
AP Credits will be awarded.

Concordia University Irvine will still award college credit for applicants who achieve certain scores on AP exams. For the scores that need to be achieved in individual subjects to receive credit and the number of non-accredited units Concordia University Irvine accepts, consult this transfer credit information.

Enrollment Updates
‌
We are currently waiving the application fee.
Application steps for First-Year students
Application steps for Transfer students
‌
We intend to honor the official financial aid that was offered to you.

Concordia University Irvine understands that families’ financial circumstances may have changed due to COVID-19. The Financial Aid Office is committed to partnering with you during this unprecedented time by reviewing your eligibility for financial aid and, where allowable, to adjust financial aid packages. If your eligibility allows for federal and/or state aid, additional documentation will be required. The Financial Aid Office will work hard to make this process as smooth as possible.

Families may submit the Loss of Income Due to COVID-19 and submit to finaid@cui.edu. Please note, changes or anticipated changes to income may not always result in a change to the financial aid offer or may result in a one-semester revision that will be re-evaluated. Our staff is committed to working with each student who has concerns about their individual circumstances. Specific questions can be directed to the Financial Aid Office. Our office will notify you within 10 business days upon review of this information and what the next steps are to follow.

Contact Us

Connect with your dedicated Admissions Counselor and get your questions answered.

VIEW ADMISSIONS COUNSELORS
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

