https://www.cui.edu/covid-19/american-rescue-plan
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
COVID-19 Communication
Community Updates
COVID-19 Guidelines
Admissions Resources
Relief Funds
Contact Us
AMERICAN RESCUE PLAN (ARP)
Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund (HEERF III)
EXPLORE
Overview

On March 11, 2021, the President of the United States signed the American Rescue Plan (ARP). The Department of Education received additional funding to distribute to institutions of higher education in order to prevent, prepare for, and respond to coronavirus through the Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund Phase III (HEERF III).

Concordia University Irvine (CUI) is a beneficiary of $4,761,375 in funding through HEERF Phase III. At least $2,396,150 will be used to provide direct aid payments to students. CUI acknowledged the certification and agreement that the instruction has used the application amount of funds designated under CRRSAA and ARP (a)(1) to provide Emergency Financial Aid Grants.

Approximately 4,600 students are eligible to receive emergency grants, which may be used for any component of the student’s cost of attendance or for emergency costs that arise due to coronavirus, such as tuition, food, housing, health care (including mental health care) or child care. These funds may be used to pay tuition.

Eligible students:

All students who are or were enrolled in an institution of higher education during the COVID-19 national emergency are eligible for emergency financial aid grants from the HEERF, regardless of whether they completed a FAFSA or are eligible for Title IV. That includes citizens, permanent residents, refugees, asylum seekers, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival (DACA) recipients, other DREAMers, similar undocumented students, and international students.

However, institutions must ensure that funds go to students who have exceptional need, prioritizing domestic students, especially undergraduates, in allocating this funding. Student with exceptional need includes students who receive Pell Grants or other federal or state need-based aid. Students with exceptional may also include undergraduates with extraordinary financial circumstances, such as loss of employment, reduced income, or food or housing insecurity.

If eligible, students will receive the funds either by direct deposit to the bank account on file or by check. The payment will be sent in the same manner as the student currently receives payments from CUI currently (i.e. payroll, reimbursement or refunds). 

To expedite receipt of funds, we recommend students sign up for direct deposit and/or verify that your mailing address is accurate in MyRecords.

ARP Frequently Asked Questions
‌
What is the ARP?

The American Rescue Plan (ARP) was signed into law on March 11, 2021 by the President, which authorized $39.6 billion in support for education. Emergency funds available to institutions and their students now total $76.2 billion between ARP, CRRSAA, and CARES.

‌
How is ARP different than CRRSAA?

Unlike the CRRSAA definition of “student” which excluded international, DACA, DREAMers, and undocumented students, ARP broadened student eligibility for emergency financial aid grants to all students who were enrolled in an institution of higher education during the COVID-19 national emergency, regardless of completion of a FASFA or eligibility for Title IV. However, institutions must continue to ensure that funds go to students who have exceptional need.

ARP also increased the share of funds that must be used for emergency grants to students compared to CRRSAA requirements. A portion of the institutional grant must be used for implementation of evidence-based practices to monitor and suppress coronavirus in accordance with public health guidelines and conduct direct outreach to financial aid applicants about the opportunity to receive a financial aid adjustment due to the recent unemployment of a family member, independent student, or other circumstances, under ARP as well.

‌
Do I need to apply for the ARP (HEERF III) emergency grants?

A portion of the funds will be automatically distributed to those students identified as those with exceptional need in August based on a block funding distribution.

Once the initial block grant funds are distributed, the university will determine the methodology for distributing the remainder of the HEERF III student grants. More information regarding this process will be available shortly. In the meantime, we recommend student sign up for direct deposit to expedite the receipt of funds.

‌
Are international students eligible for ARP (HEERF III) grants?

Yes, under the ARP definition of “student,” all students enrolled on or after the date of the declaration of the national emergency due to the coronavirus (March 13, 2020) are eligible, including international students. Priority will be given to students with exceptional need.

‌
Are DAC