https://www.cui.edu/covid-19/CARES-act
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
COVID-19 Communication
Community Updates
COVID-19 Guidelines
Admissions Resources
Relief Funds
Contact Us
CARES ACT
Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund (HEERF)
EXPLORE

On March 13, 2020, the President of the United States declared that a national emergency concerning the COVID-19 outbreak began on March 1, 2020. On March 27, 2020, the President signed the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act).

On April 9, 2020, Secretary DeVos announced funding to provide direct emergency cash grants to college students whose lives and educations have been disrupted by the coronavirus outbreak. The Department of Education has released institutional funds from the Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund (HEERF) created in the CARES Act.

As a Concordia University Irvine student, you may be eligible for emergency grants provided to the university from the federal government. The amount provided to the university is limited to $861,799 and will be distributed based on a student's complete CARES Act application.

The CARES Act application for emergency grants is now available to eligible students. Please complete the application and return to CARESAct@cui.edu with any documentation you want our staff to review. The June 1st deadline for applications has been extended until funds are exhausted.

Non-eligible: students who were enrolled exclusively in online programs on March 13, 2020, are not eligible to receive emergency grants. International and DACA students are also excluded from receiving emergency grants.

Eligible students: must meet Title IV eligibility requirements in order to receive HEERF emergency grants. Having an official 2019-20 FAFSA on record determines that a student is eligible to participate in the student aid programs and meets all applicable eligibility requirements.

The university will review all applications as they are received and verify that student eligibility meets federal government guidelines for the disbursement of emergency grants. To expedite receipt of funds, we recommend students sign up for direct deposit and/or verify that your mailing address is accurate in MyRecords.

CARES Act Frequently Asked Questions
‌
What is the CARES Act?

The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act allocates funds to support individuals, businesses and organizations nationwide affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and economic downturn. The act includes several sources of funds for colleges and universities, including the Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund.

‌
What is the CARES Act / Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund provided by the Federal Government?

The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act was passed by Congress and signed into law to provide economic relief from COVID-19. One section of the CARES Act established the Higher Education Emergency Relief fund which sent money to schools to provide direct emergency cash grants to college students whose lives and education have been disrupted by the coronavirus outbreak.

‌
Do I need to apply for emergency grants?

The CARES Act application for emergency grants is now available to eligible students. Please complete the application and return to CARESAct@cui.edu with any documentation you want our staff to review. The June 1st deadline for applications has been extended until funds are exhausted.

‌
Are international students eligible for the Cares Act?

No. The U.S. Department of Education clarified on Tuesday, April 21 that CARES Act funding is not available to international students.

‌
Are DACA or undocumented students eligible for the Cares Act?

No. The U.S. Department of Education clarified on Tuesday, April 21 that CARES Act funding is not available to DACA or undocumented students.

‌
Are students enrolled in an exclusively online programs eligible for the Cares Act?

No. The U.S. Department of Education clarified on Tuesday, April 21 that CARES Act funding is not available to students enrolled in an exclusively online programs.

‌
How much emergency grant can I request?

The emergency cash grant can vary from $200 to $1000. We will review the applications received and allocate funds based on students’ stated expenses. Funds are limited.

‌
How will students receive funds?

To expedite receipt of funds, we recommend students sign up for direct deposit and/or verify that your mailing address is accurate in MyRecords.

‌
Are there enrollment requirements?

Yes. You must have been registered for Spring 2020 and enrolled at least half time (3 units graduate students and 6 units undergraduate students) to be considered for a CARES Act emergency grants.

‌
Will emergency cash grants be applied to my current Spring 2020 bill?

No. The CARES Act Grant funding cannot be paid towards your bill. These funds will be disbursed directly to you by direct depos