https://www.cui.edu/covid-19/crrsaa
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
COVID-19 Communication
Community Updates
COVID-19 Guidelines
Admissions Resources
Relief Funds
Contact Us
CORONAVIRUS RESPONSE AND RELIEF SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS ACT (CRRSAA)
Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund (HEERF II)
EXPLORE
Overview

On December 27, 2020, the President of the United States signed the Coronavirus Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2021 (CRRSAA). The Department of Education received additional funding to distribute to institutions of higher education in order to prevent, prepare for, and respond to coronavirus through the Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund Phase II (HEERF II).

Concordia University Irvine (CUI) is a beneficiary of $2,726,592 in funding through HEERF Phase II. At least $861,799 will be used to provide direct aid payments to students in spring 2021. CUI acknowledged the certification and agreement that the instruction has used the application amount of funds designated under CRRSAA (a)(1) to provide Emergency Financial Aid Grants.

Approximately 3,600 students are eligible to receive emergency grants, which may be used for any component of the student’s cost of attendance or for emergency costs that arise due to coronavirus, such as tuition, food, housing, health care (including mental health care) or child care. These funds may be used to pay tuition.

Eligible students: Students enrolled in a degree-seeking program (one or more credit hour) in either the spring semester (spring 2021 coursework started prior to February 14) or winter term will enter the eligibility pool. Priority will be given to students with exceptional need, both in selection order and in the size of the grant. FAFSA results are the primary way to identify students with exceptional need.

Non-eligible: International and DACA students are excluded from receiving emergency grants. If eligible, CUI students will receive the funds either by direct deposit to the bank account on file or by check. The payment will be sent in the same manner as the student currently receives payments from CUI currently (i.e. payroll, reimbursement or refunds).

Students with exceptional need exceeding their initial grant, international students, and DACA students may apply for a CUI CRRSAA emergency grant, which will be paid from the institutional portion of the funding. Due to the high demand and limited availability of emergency funds, not all students who apply will receive an emergency grant. More information regarding this process will be available shortly. To expedite receipt of funds, we recommend students sign up for direct deposit and/or verify that your mailing address is accurate in MyRecords.

CRRSAA Frequently Asked Questions
‌
What is the CRRSAA?

The Coronavirus Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2021 (CRRSSA) was signed into law on December 27, 2020 by the President, which authorized $81.88 billion in support for education in addition to the $30.75 billion provided last spring through the Coronavirus Aid, Recovery, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act).

‌
How is the CRRSAA different than the CARES Act?

Unlike the CARES Act which required emergency grants be given to student for expenses related to coronavirus-related disruptions, the CRRSAA requires that institutions prioritize students with exceptional need, such as students who receive Pell Grants, in awarding financial aid grants to students. However, students do not need to be only Pell recipients or students who are eligible for Pell grants. In addition, the CRRSAA Act explicitly provides that financial aid grants to students may be provided to students exclusively enrolled in distance education.

‌
Do I need to apply for the HEERF II emergency grants?

If you are an eligible student (non-international, non-DACA), no, you will automatically receive a HEERF II emergency grant based on the block funding distribution determined. 

If you are an ineligible student (international or DACA) or have exceptional need great than your initial grant, you will have the opportunity to apply for a CUI HEERF II emergency grant. More information regarding this process will be available shortly. In the meantime, we recommend student sign up for direct deposit to expedite the receipt of funds.

‌
Are international students eligible for HEERF II grants? 

No, however, CUI will have a separate process to offer emergency grants through the institutional portion of the relief funding. More information regarding this process will be available shortly.

‌
Are DACA or undocumented students eligible for HEERF II grants?

No, however, CUI will have a separate process to offer emergency grants through the institutional portion of the relief funding. More information regarding this process will be available shortly.

‌
Are student enrolled in an exclusively online program eligible for HEERF II gra