https://www.cui.edu/covid-19/crrsaa
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
COVID-19 Communication
Community Updates
COVID-19 Guidelines
Admissions Resources
Relief Funds
Contact Us
CORONAVIRUS RESPONSE AND RELIEF SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS ACT (CRRSAA)
Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund (HEERF II)
EXPLORE
Overview

On December 27, 2020, the President of the United States signed the Coronavirus Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2021 (CRRSAA). The Department of Education received additional funding to distribute to institutions of higher education in order to prevent, prepare for, and respond to coronavirus through the Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund Phase II (HEERF II).

Concordia University Irvine (CUI) is a beneficiary of $2,726,592 in funding through HEERF Phase II. At least $861,799 will be used to provide direct aid payments to students in spring 2021. CUI acknowledged the certification and agreement that the instruction has used the application amount of funds designated under CRRSAA (a)(1) to provide Emergency Financial Aid Grants.

Approximately 3,600 students are eligible to receive emergency grants, which may be used for any component of the student’s cost of attendance or for emergency costs that arise due to coronavirus, such as tuition, food, housing, health care (including mental health care) or child care. These funds may be used to pay tuition.

Eligible students: Students enrolled in a degree-seeking program (one or more credit hour) in either the spring semester (spring 2021 coursework started prior to February 14) or winter term will enter the eligibility pool. Priority will be given to students with exceptional need, both in selection order and in the size of the grant. FAFSA results are the primary way to identify students with exceptional need.

Non-eligible: International and DACA students are excluded from receiving emergency grants. If eligible, CUI students will receive the funds either by direct deposit to the bank account on file or by check. The payment will be sent in the same manner as the student currently receives payments from CUI currently (i.e. payroll, reimbursement or refunds).

Students with exceptional need exceeding their initial grant, international students, and DACA students may apply for a CUI CRRSAA emergency grant, which will be paid from the institutional portion of the funding. Due to the high demand and limited availability of emergency funds, not all students who apply will receive an emergency grant. More information regarding this process will be available shortly. To expedite receipt of funds, we recommend students sign up for direct deposit and/or verify that your mailing address is accurate in MyRecords.

CRRSAA Frequently Asked Questions
‌
What is the CRRSAA?

The Coronavirus Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2021 (CRRSSA) was signed into law on December 27, 2020 by the President, which authorized $81.88 billion in support for education in addition to the $30.75 billion provided last spring through the Coronavirus Aid, Recovery, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act).

‌
How is the CRRSAA different than the CARES Act?

Unlike the CARES Act which required emergency grants be given to student for expenses related to coronavirus-related disruptions, the CRRSAA requires that institutions prioritize students with exceptional need, such as students who receive Pell Grants, in awarding financial aid grants to students. However, students do not need to be only Pell recipients or students who are eligible for Pell grants. In addition, the CRRSAA Act explicitly provides that financial aid grants to students may be provided to students exclusively enrolled in distance education.

‌
Do I need to apply for the HEERF II emergency grants?

If you are an eligible student (non-international, non-DACA), no, you will automatically receive a HEERF II emergency grant based on the block funding distribution determined. 

If you are an ineligible student (international or DACA) or have exceptional need great than your initial grant, you will have the opportunity to apply for a CUI HEERF II emergency grant. More information regarding this process will be available shortly. In the meantime, we recommend student sign up for direct deposit to expedite the receipt of funds.

‌
Are international students eligible for HEERF II grants? 

No, however, CUI will have a separate process to offer emergency grants through the institutional portion of the relief funding. More information regarding this process will be available shortly.

‌
Are DACA or undocumented students eligible for HEERF II grants?

No, however, CUI will have a separate process to offer emergency grants through the institutional portion of the relief funding. More information regarding this process will be available shortly.

‌
Are student enrolled in an exclusively online program eligible for HEERF II grants?

Yes, the CRRSAA Act explicitly provides that financial aid grants may be provided to students exclusively enrolled in distance education.

‌
How much emergency grant can I request?

Block funding will be used for students receiving HEERF II grants ranging from $100 to $1,500.

‌
How will students receive funds?

CUI students will receive the funds either by direct deposit to the bank account on file or by check. The payment will be sent in the same manner as the student currently receives payments from CUI currently (i.e. payroll, reimbursement or refunds). 

Please be aware that the USPS is experiencing many challenges at this time and mail delivery can be slower than usual.

‌
Are there enrollment requirements?

Yes. You must have been registered for spring 2021 or the MCAA winter term to be considered eligible for a CRRSAA emergency grant.

‌
Will emergency cash grants be applied to my current Spring 2021 bill?

While CUI is not allowed to automatically apply the emergency grant to the student account, the student can use the funds to pay tuition in this semester if they have an outstanding balance. If the student does not currently have an outstanding tuition balance, the grant can also be used to pay tuition in future semesters.

‌
Do students have to repay HEERF II emergency grants?

No. Emergency grants are a grant from the federal government. It is not a student loan and does not have to be repaid.

‌
Will CRSAA funds be taxable income for students?

No. Similarly to the CARES Act emergency grants, these emergency funds provided to students will not be considered as taxable income. As stated by the IRS pertaining to the CARES Act: "Emergency financial aid grants under the CARES Act for unexpected expenses, unmet financial need, or expenses related to the disruption of campus operations on account of the COVID-19 pandemic … are qualified disaster relief payments under section 139 of the Internal Revenue Code. This grant is not includible in your gross income". 

‌
Where can I find additional information regarding the HEERF II funds provided by CRRSAA?

Please visit the Department of Education’s website, which lists frequently asked questions regarding HEERF II.

Funding & Expenditure Reporting

Under the Coronavirus Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2021 (CRRSAA), Concordia University Irvine received (or anticipates receiving) $2,726,592 in funding through the Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund Phase II (HEERF II), and has signed and returned the required acknowledgement committing to provide no less than $861,799  of the funding in emergency grants directly to students whose lives and education have been disrupted by the coronavirus outbreak.

To determine which students receive emergency grants and how much they would receive under Section 314(a)(1) of CRRSAA, Concordia University Irvine created a distribution formula for Title IV eligible (federal aid) students that incorporates Department of Education guidelines, Pell Grant eligibility, and enrollment in the spring 2020 semester. Priority will be given to student with exceptional need, both in selection order and in the size of the grant. Exceptional need will be determined using the following Formula: Cost of Attendance minus Expected Family Contribution (EFC) minus Total Gift Aid from all sources = remaining need. Groupings of students will be created based on remaining need. 

FAFSA results are the primary way to identify needy students as outlined in the formula above. 

Block funding will be used for the distribution of HEERF II grants ranging from $100 to $1,500.  Approximately 3,600 students are eligible to receive emergency grants, which may be used for any component of the student’s cost of attendance or for emergency costs that arise due to coronavirus, such as tuition, food, housing, health care (including mental health

Emergency Grants to Students under Section 314(a)(1) of CRRSAA
Total Amount of Funds Received	$861,799
Total Amount of Funds Distributed	$861,799
Estimated Total Number of Eligible Students	3,600
Total Number of Students Who Have Received an Emergency Grant	

3,580

Quarterly Budget and Expenditure Reporting

Quarter Ending 03/31/2021
Quarter Ending 06/30/2021

Originally posted on April 16, 2021
Updated on August 18, 2021

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

