ns to use as conversation partners.
The event will be led from a confessional Lutheran perspective, though we expect a wide variety of denominations represented.
Travel scholarships are available for out-of-state participants. Contact us at crosswise@cui.edu for more information.

Early Rate: $385 until February 1
Regular registration: $489 until June 1

Essentials

Details about our Summer Experience and what to expect during your five-day stay at Concordia University Irvine.

Facilities

Crosswise is strategically located at the Concordia University Campus in Irvine, California.

Concordia’s hilltop setting is located fifty miles south of Los Angeles, eighty miles north of San Diego, and six miles inland from the Pacific Ocean. The beautiful campus is sits atop a spectacular plateau overlooking Orange County.

And because it’s a university campus, all 70 acres of it is designed for students. Modern dorms, gated grounds, convenient food services, athletic fields, a student union, and fabulous meeting spaces. Easy to find, and quick to get to, the private college campus is an ideal setting for engaging the minds of high-schoolers as they come together from diverse locations and backgrounds to give voice to their ideas.

VIEW OUR VIRTUAL TOUR

Chaperones

At Crosswise, local church workers and Concordia students will serve as facilitators, supervisors, and guides during our time together.

Mentoring

Each Crosswise student participates in small group discussions led by a Concordia professor. In addition, the students can experience the academic and communal life of Concordia by attending breakout sessions that advance the theme of the event in the multiple disciplines of the liberal arts. These sessions promote an atmosphere of question-asking, critical thinking, and personal interaction with our professors and staff. Finally, every Crosswise main speaker is made available for individual questions and conversation after his/her presentation to encourage ongoing relationship building.

Activities

Each day we will have a variety of Community Life Activities.  Some of these will happen off campus to nearby places of interest.  Excursions in the past have included a beach trip, a Major League Baseball game and more.  Excursions for this year's Summer Experience will be revealed in the registration confirmation sent a few weeks prior to the event date.

Worship

The themes we explore at Crosswise are always considered through the lens of Scripture. Here, we will cultivate an attitude of worship each day as we exalt our Creator God and refocus our minds on Him.

Getting Ready
Getting Ready for Your Trip
LIABILITY WAIVER and MEDICAL RELEASE FORM

You need to fill it out and have them signed by your parents. You absolutely need to print and bring this with you, and when you arrive we will collect them. If you don’t bring yours, your participation in the week will be seriously limited. If you want to scan and return it by email, that’s great too!

DON’T FORGET A PHOTO ID

You’ll need it to get through airport security. You should allow extra time to get through security at most airports. Allow yourself plenty of time.

DIETARY RESTRICTIONS/SPECIAL NEEDS

We will do our best to accommodate them by knowing this by June 10.

Arriving in Irvine
PLEASE ARRIVE FOR CHECK IN

Arrive for check in at the residence halls (see map buildings #23 & #26). This will also be your pick up spot for Thursday at Noon.

FLYING

If you are flying, you will be arriving at the Orange County Airport (SNA). Please email your arrival information to crosswise@cui.edu. If you do not send us your arrival information, we won’t know when to pick you up! We will make every effort to meet you when you come through the security exit. If we miss you, find the baggage return downstairs, retrieve your bag(s) and look for our Concordia University Irvine students who are in charge of pick up and will be wearing Crosswise shirts and making themselves noticeable.

DRIVING

If you are driving, you will need to check in with the gate attendant when you arrive on campus. You will receive a parking permit (even if you are being dropped off) and will also note where you are allowed to park. Tell them you are here for “Crosswise” and they can show you on the map how to get to the Rho/Sigma dorms for check in.

STUDENTS DRIVING THEMSELVES

Cars left on campus for the week must have a valid parking pass from the attendant and it will be parked through Thursday.

AT CONCORDIA IRVINE
FOR THE FOLKS BACK HOME

This is where you’re staying:

Concordia University Irvine
1530 Concordia West, Irvine, CA 92612

Campus Security: (949) 214-3000

We know most people at Crosswise will come equipped with their own cell phones which is fine. We just need them off during sessions. Please, no texting during sessions.

Concordia Irvine is a great place! Students will be housed with three other students in one of our dorm suites - sharing a bathroom. Rooms are equipped with mini fridg