ou are driving, you will need to check in with the gate attendant when you arrive on campus. You will receive a parking permit (even if you are being dropped off) and will also note where you are allowed to park. Tell them you are here for “Crosswise” and they can show you on the map how to get to the Rho/Sigma dorms for check in.

STUDENTS DRIVING THEMSELVES

Cars left on campus for the week must have a valid parking pass from the attendant and it will be parked through Thursday.

AT CONCORDIA IRVINE
FOR THE FOLKS BACK HOME

This is where you’re staying:

Concordia University Irvine
1530 Concordia West, Irvine, CA 92612

Campus Security: (949) 214-3000

We know most people at Crosswise will come equipped with their own cell phones which is fine. We just need them off during sessions. Please, no texting during sessions.

Concordia Irvine is a great place! Students will be housed with three other students in one of our dorm suites - sharing a bathroom. Rooms are equipped with mini fridges and microwaves. Laundry facilities are available for a small fee, bring your own detergent.

WHAT TO BRING
Dress is school clothes casual. Please keep in mind that you are attending an event for Crosswise Institute and we expect your dress to reflect the quality of participants that have registered to attend. Please don’t be sloppy. Bring your toothbrush and whatever it takes to make yourself presentable. Remember to cover the Five B’s when packing --- we don’t wanna see your butt, belly, bra, boobs, boxers!
Beach stuff (sunscreen, hat, sandals. Girls: modest suit. Guys: speedon'ts)
1 outfit per day, socks, underwear (+ 1 extra of each)
Pajamas
Shoes
Sweatshirt (for cooler evenings at ball game and the beach)
Toiletries: shampoo/conditioner, soap, bath towel/washcloth, toothbrush/toothpaste, comb/brush, deodorant, any medications needed
Bedding (twin sheets/blanket, pillow or sleeping bag)
Bible & something to write with
MEDICATION

If you require medication don’t forget to bring it. Make sure the Crosswise staff is aware of any medical concerns and if you will have prescription med with you. If you take a prescription medicine, be sure to bring it in its original container.

WHAT YOU DON’T NEED

What you don’t need is anything in your bag that will jeopardize your attendance with us! You shouldn’t really need personal entertainment devices. If you plan to listen to music to fall asleep, use earbuds to be respectful to your sleeping roommate.

MONEY???

You shouldn’t need much if any. All meals and activities listed on the schedule are provided. Anything additional that you would like while on our off-campus excursions will be at your own expense. Basically, your needs will be met by Crosswise.

What to Expect
OFF SITE EXCURSIONS

We’ll take you to two local “hot spots” that our Concordia University Irvine students enjoy as well as some others to enhance your Southern California experience. All transportation is by charter bus.

SOCIAL MEDIA

Begin meeting fellow participants as you prepare for Crosswise…
Twitter: @CUICrosswise
Facebook: www.facebook.com/CUICrosswise/
Instagram: www.instagram.com/cuicrosswise/

TEAM TABLE TALK

You will be in groups of 8-12 throughout the week to unpack the content shared by the plenary speakers in a smaller group led by one of our Concordia University Irvine Christ College professors of Theology.

Crosswise is going to be a great experience! You are going to gather with other youth and adults for an amazing week of fellowship, discussion, fun, worship, spiritual growth and a great time. You will be leading devotions, shooting hoops, swimming, expressing your creativity, and enjoying some great food...AND you are going to meet some of the coolest teenagers from across the country! Be prepared for busy days, late nights and lots of fun.

The Crosswise Team and I are looking forward to welcoming you to Irvine. Take time to check out the website again in the coming days to know our faces before you arrive. We pray for your safe travel and for a great week in Southern California.

Sample Schedule
Sunday

Airport shuttle from SNA as needed

1:00 - 4:00 pm
Check-in | get settled

4:00 - 4:45 pm
Team Building Activities

5:00 pm
Welcome to Crosswise!

6:00 pm Dinner
In n Out Truck

7:00 pm
Opening Worship Service

8:00 pm
Dessert Fellowship

8:30 pm
Team Devotions

9:00 pm
Free Time

10:00 pm
In Rooms

11:00 pm
Lights Out

Monday

8:00 am
Breakfast

9:00 am
Prayer & Praise
Team Devotions

9:30 am
Team Building Activities

10:00 am
Speaker:

12:00 pm Lunch
Teams Debrief over lunch

1:30 pm
Breakout Session 1

2:15 pm
Breakout Session 2

3:00 pm
Campus Tour

4:00 pm
Free Time

6:00 pm Dinner
Fiesta Dinner

7:00 pm Evening Program
Open mic / Talent Show
Coffee House / Churros

8:30 pm
Evening Prayer & Praise
Team Devotions

9:00 pm
Free Time

10:00 pm
In Rooms

11:00 pm
Lights Out

Tuesday

8:00 am
Breakfast

9:00 am
Prayer & Praise
Team Devotions

9:30 am
Team Building Activities

10:00 am
Load bus 