https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege/crosswise/crosswise-experience-2020
Skip to Main Content

Search
UNDERGRADUATE
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
CROSSWISE INSTITUTE
Summer Experience 
Podcast
Meet the Team
Contact
Register Now
Crosswise Summer Experience
2020 THEME: PLAYING WITH POLITICS: THE VOCATION OF THE VOTER
 
 

Due to the COVID-19 outbreak, the 2020 Crosswise summer experience is cancelled. Much thought has gone into this difficult decision, but we feel that an overabundance of caution is warranted in these uncertain times. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families that are affected, as well as those who will be making difficult policy decisions at the national and local levels of government. Crosswise will pour its efforts into making the 2021 event as special as possible! Thank you for understanding during this unprecedented time. We’ll see you next summer!

Playing with Politics: The Vocation of the Voter

There are two topics you're not supposed to talk about in polite conversation: politics and religion. Avoiding these crucial features of human interaction, however, has hurt our ability to understand those with whom we disagree. This year's topic is a bold step toward understanding the nature of American politics, from the ads that shape us to the candidates we hope will improve our lives. Do we put too much hope in our government? Or too little?

2020 Crosswise summer experience will provide a multi-leveled approach to our voting responsibilities, examining the science behind elections as well as the consequences of a disengaged citizen. For the Christian, the stakes are high and yet there is a tremendous opportunity for the Gospel in the midst of our civic discussions.

Come be a part of the conversation!

Speakers
Jason Baehr

Jason Baehr is Professor of Philosophy at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles. He works in theoretical and applied virtue epistemology. Baehr is author of The Inquiring Mind: On Intellectual Virtues and Virtue Epistemology (Oxford, 2011) and editor of Intellectual Virtue and Education: Essays in Applied Virtue Epistemology (Routledge, 2016). He is currently writing a book for teachers titled Deep in Thought: A Philosophical and Practical Guide to Teaching for Intellectual Virtues (under contract with Harvard Education Press).

Adam Francisco

Adam Francisco is the Executive Editor at 1517 and Professor of History and Political Thought at Concordia University. He earned his DPhil at the University of Oxford for his work in the history of Christian and Muslim relations. He is author of Martin Luther and Islam and a variety of other articles, chapters, and books on topics including Christian apologetics, worldview, and history.

Why should my son or daughter attend the Summer Experience at Crosswise?

The short answer is simple. Crosswise is a place where your son or daughter can practice wisdom. Crosswise will model what it means to be in dialogue: we explore how to think deeply, how to engage topics biblically, and how to serve God with our mind. It is our job to provide a rich variety of opportunities to have these important conversations over a five-day span. The topics we talk about aren’t going to have easy answers. In fact, we expect that many of the participants will come to differing conclusions on the presented material.

Why Crosswise? Why your son or daughter?

In case that’s not enough, there’s more:

For $385, your son or daughter receives room, board, program and special activities for 5 days (Sunday evening through Thursday morning).
Participants will have a wide range of learning experiences: Big sessions, small groups, breakout sessions, planned activities, and special events.
Each student will live on campus, getting a taste of collegiate life in a relaxed, but controlled, environment.
Crosswise has sought nationally known presenters who are leaders in their respected fields, as well as established Lutheran theologians to use as conversation partners.
The event will be led from a confessional Lutheran perspective, though we expect a wide variety of denominations represented.
Travel scholarships are available for out-of-state participants. Contact us at crosswise@cui.edu for more information.

Early Rate: $385 until February 1
Regular registration: $489 until June 1

Essentials

Details about our Summer Experience and what to expect during your five-day stay at Concordia University Irvine.

Facilities

Crosswise is strategically located at the Concordia University Campus in Irvine, California.

Concordia’s hilltop setting is located fifty miles south of Los Angeles, eighty miles north of San Diego, and six miles inland from the Pacific Ocean. The beautiful campus is sits atop a spectacular plateau overlooking Orange County.

And because it’s a university campus, all 70 acres of it is designed for students. Modern dorms, gated grounds, convenient food services, athletic fields, a student union, and 