https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege/crosswise/crosswise-experience-2019
Skip to Main Content

Search
UNDERGRADUATE
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
CROSSWISE INSTITUTE
Summer Experience 
Podcast
Meet the Team
Contact
Register Now
Crosswise Summer Experience
2019 THEME: FRIENDS AND ENEMIES
 
 
The Quest for Authentic Relationships
2019 Crosswise Summer Experience Highlights

Crosswise Institute is an intensive six-day summer experience for high school students who are willing to grapple with the most remarkable issues confronting our communities both now and into the future. The 2019 theme will explore what it means to have meaningful relationships in an uncertain world. What kind of risks are you willing to take to get to know someone? Are you willing to be known?

Speakers
Nathan H. Lents, Ph.D.

Nathan H. Lents, Ph.D. is Professor of Biology at John Jay College of the City University of New York, where he explores the structure, function, and evolution of the human genome in search of hidden secrets, both for forensic and non-forensic purposes. He’s published 40-some research articles and book chapters and his work has been funded by the National Institutes of Health, The National Science Foundation, and the US Department of Education. He’s also a very busy science writer. He blogs for Psychology Today and maintains The Human Evolution Blog, and his musings on human origins have appeared in Science, The Wall Street Journal, The Huffington Post, The Guardian, Skeptic Magazine, and others. He is also the author of two popular science books: Not So Different: Finding Human Nature in Animals and Human Errors: A Panorama of our Glitches, from Pointless Bones to Broken Genes.

Miroslav Volf

Miroslav Volf is the Henry B. Wright Professor of Theology at Yale Divinity School and the Founder and Director of the Yale Center for Faith and Culture. He was educated in his native Croatia, the United States, and Germany, earning doctoral and post-doctoral degrees (with highest honors) from the University of Tübingen, Germany. He has written or edited more than 20 books and over 100 scholarly articles. His most significant books include Exclusion and Embrace (1996), winner of the Grawemeyer Award in Religion, and one of Christianity Today’s 100 most important religious books of the 20th century; Allah: A Christian Response (2011), on whether Muslims and Christians have a common God; A Public Faith: How Followers of Christ Should Serve the Common Good (2011); and Flourishing: Why We Need Religion in a Globalized World (2016). His latest book, For the Life of the World: Theology that Makes a Difference, co-authored with Matthew Croasmun, was released in January (2019).

LT Charles S. Mallie, Chaplain, USN

Charlie Mallie, an alum of Concordia University, Irvine, is an ordained pastor in the Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod, currently serving as a chaplain in the US Navy. Prior to his role with the military Rev. Mallie served as a parish pastor both in Laguna Beach, California and Tomball, Texas. Rev. Mallie’s first chaplaincy assignment for the Navy was to serve with Naval Support during Operation Enduring Freedom and Odyssey Dawn. He has also served as a team chaplain for SEAL Team 4 and SEAL Team 8. Today he serves as a base chaplain and division officer in Virginia Beach where he lives with his wife and three children.

Featuring the artistic talents of:
Micah Bournes

Micah Bournes is a poet and musician from Long Beach, California. He's most known for his dynamic performance of spoken word poetry. He writes often on themes of culture, justice, and faith.

Lucee

My name is Lucee, I am a singer-songwriter from LA. I started singing and writing 3 years ago after running from music my entire life. My inspiration to begin started with a group of young girls who, I could see, had received seeds of self-doubt and insecurity from the world. Seeing this broke my heart and made me realize those same seeds were also planted in me at a young age and I allowed them to grow into fear. I decided, if there was anything I could do to plant seeds of hope and life instead, I would. Music was my answer.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

