e speaker throughout the country for over 20 years in the areas of music and worship arts and comes to Concordia Irvine with more than 25 years of professional experience as a studio and touring musician, composer, arranger, producer, creative consultant and church leader. His book, All About Music Technology in Worship (Hal Leonard) was published in 2004.
Vermont College of Fine Arts, Montpelier, VT, MFA, Music Composition
Concordia University, Irvine, CA, BA, Liberal Studies: Music
Grove School of Music, Los Angeles, CA, Music Composition
Grove School of Music, Los Angeles, CA, Keyboard Performance

Featuring the artistic talents of:
Micah Bournes

Micah Bournes is a poet, rapper, and blues singer from Long Beach, California. His work often touches on themes of culture, justice, and faith. Over the last 5 years, he’s grateful for the opportunities he’s had to share his work all over the world.

Blake Flattley

Blake Flattley is a singer, songwriter, liturgist and multi-instrumentalist. After 12 years serving churches as a Director of Parish Music (Southern California, New York City, Houston and Phoenix), Blake founded CommunionArts in 2017, an organization committed to providing training and creative resources to churches and empowering artists to create fulfilling works that enrich their communities. You can learn more about Blake and his music at BlakeFlattley.com.
Concordia University, Irvine, California, M.A. 2017 (Theology)
Concordia University, Irvine, California, B.A. 2007 (Humanities: Music)

Cognitive Science of Religion

Can cognitive science find the areas of the brain that make us religious?

READ BLOG
Music and Religion

A sociologist argues that music has kept the sound of organized religion from fading.

READ BLOG
Psychedelics and Religious Experience

Johns Hopkins University enlists priests, rabbis, and a Buddhist to test the effects of psychedelic drugs on religious experience.

READ BLOG
Religious People are Happier than Secular

A self-described “secular liberal” examines moral psychology and the misunderstanding of religion.

READ BLOG
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

