https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege/crosswise/crosswise-experience-2017
Skip to Main Content

Search
UNDERGRADUATE
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
CROSSWISE INSTITUTE
Summer Experience 
Podcast
Meet the Team
Contact
Register Now
Crosswise Summer Experience
2017 THEME: TECHNOLOGY AND TRANSHUMANISM
June 18-23, 2017
 
 
What is Transhumanism?
Crosswise 2017 Highlights

Humanism is “our most sympathetic understanding and treatment of human nature.”

TRANShumanism is “the drive to fundamentally revolutionise what it means to be human by way of technological advancements.”

For those of you who are new to the term, Dr. Joel Oesch, on his blog Fishing for Leviathan, defines it this way, “Transhumanism has nothing to do with your race or gender identity, at least not directly. Rather, the term reflects the human desire to transcend its current condition both individually and socially, most notably to rise above the limitations of our physical selves. Transhumanism is a movement of people committed to using technology to further the human race in profound ways. In most iterations, Transhumanism is viewed as the next great step of human evolution. Homo sapiens has evolved into a wholly new species, Homo technicus.”

Travis Hartjen, Speaker

Pastor Travis is a church planter in Allen TX where he helped launch Tangible Grace in the fall of 2010. Prior to that, Travis was a DCE and focused on the discipleship of families and students. He is speaks around the country weaving the truth of Jesus with humor and anecdotes from his own life. He has been married to Tara for over 18 years and together they have 4 kids.

Zoltan Istvan, Speaker

Zoltan Istvan is often considered one of the world’s leading transhumanists after his popular run in the 2016 US Presidential race as a science and technology candidate. Zoltan is the bestselling author of The Transhumanist Wager, a leading technology journalist, creator of the Immortality Bus, a successful entrepreneur, and a former filmmaker for the National Geographic Channel. His futurist work has reached over 100 million people. He is a graduate of Columbia University, and lives in San Francisco with his physician wife and two young daughters.

Korey Maas, Speaker

Korey D. Maas is Associate Professor of History at Hillsdale College. Educated at Concordia University (Chicago), Concordia Seminary (St. Louis), and the University of Oxford, he has also taught theology and church history at Concordia Irvine, Oxford University, and Westfield House (Cambridge). In addition to publications in the fields of Reformation history and theology, he has also published on Christian apologetics, natural theology, and natural law. He lives with his wife Kate and their five children in Hillsdale, Michigan.

Jesse Rice, Speaker

Jesse Rice is a writer and speaker, and the author of The Church of Facebook: How The Hyperconnected Are Redefining Community. He is a former Worship Arts director who designed and led more than 2000 worship gatherings for young adults and families in Silicon Valley. He has a Master's degree in Counseling Psychology and has a passion for helping people find their best-fit career. Jesse and his songwriter wife, Katie, have two little boys, and live in the Seattle area.

Eternal Life

Why am I so concerned with a group of people who want to use technology in such a way that prolongs my life?

READ BLOG
A Transhumanism Primer

Investigate three dominant areas of transhumanism: super longevity, super intelligence and super wellbeing.

WATCH VIDEO
Superintelligence:
The Trivial Pursuit

It’s coming people, and it’s coming in your lifetime.

READ BLOG
Happiness and its Malcontents

If you’re happy and you know it…you’re a Transhumanist (clap, clap)

READ BLOG
Turn on the Dialogue

Investigate three dominant areas of transhumanism: super longevity, super intelligence and super wellbeing.

WATCH VIDEO

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

