https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/campus/spectrum-campus-faq
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

About Concordia

Our Heritage
Our Community
Our Campus
Related Links
Connect with Us
Concordia University Irvine - Spectrum Campus™ FAQ
OUR CAMPUS
‌
What is the name of the new campus?

The new campus site will be known as Concordia - Spectrum Campus™, as it is a property located in Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ Planning Area. Concordia University Irvine's original site will be referred to as the Concordia - Turtle Rock Campus in order to distinguish between the two Irvine-based campuses.

‌
Where is Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ located?

The new Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ is located at 16355 Laguna Canyon Road in Irvine, CA 92618.

The building is located at the corner of Alton Parkway and Laguna Canyon Road, between CA-133 and Sand Canyon Ave., located near to the Kaiser Permanente Irvine Medical Center, Hoag Hospital, and Blizzard Entertainment.

‌
What is the size of the new site?

The three-story 114,000 sq. ft. building includes 20,000 sq. ft. of furnished nursing teaching space, more than 90,000 sq. ft. of additional classrooms, offices, workstations, and unique educational spaces. The site also includes a 690-space parking lot and parking structure.

‌
What university offices and programs will move to the new campus initially?

Concordia's Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN) program, which is currently housed in leased space in the Park Place office building in Irvine, will move to Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ in summer of 2023.

‌
What other academic programs and university offices are being considered for a potential move to the new campus?

Graduate programs within the School of Health and Human Sciences, as well as other healthcare related programs, are being considered for relocation to Concordia - Spectrum Campus™. The site's proximity to the Kaiser and Hoag medical facilities provides potential connections for student internships and clinical assignments and allows Concordia to consider plans for expansion with other healthcare programs.

Other graduate programs, non-student-facing offices, and support departments could also potentially be housed in the new location, but that will be determined at a later date.

‌
What support services and amenities will be available at Concordia - Spectrum Campus™?

In addition to Nursing faculty and staff, the building staffing will include on-site IT personnel, cleaning and maintenance staff, a Campus Safety representative, an administrative staff head, and property management staff.

Beginning in fall 2023, student support services and amenities will include regular on-site and streamed chapel services, free parking, and food services.

‌
How will the new site affect Concordia graduate students?

Beginning fall 2023, students in Concordia's ABSN program will attend classes at Concordia - Spectrum Campus™.

Some of Concordia's other graduate programs may transition to the new campus in the future. The impact on programs taught in an online format will be low and online students' access to services will remain unchanged.

For graduate programs taught in a hybrid format or in person, courses could potentially transition to Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ at an undetermined future date.

‌
How will the new site affect Concordia undergraduate students?

There will be no effect on Concordia's undergraduate student population. No undergraduate programs are slated to be housed or offer classes at Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ for the foreseeable future.

‌
Why is it the right time for Concordia to purchase this building?

Concordia's lease at the Park Place facility, where the ABSN program is currently housed, is up for renewal in August 2023. Facing a substantial increase in the lease price, Concordia began considering other options to house the ABSN program. The Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ property was listed in October 2022, and Concordia's offer was accepted.

Concordia secured financing with very favorable terms for the building purchase through the Lutheran Church Extension Fund (LCEF).

Per the terms of the purchase agreement, the current building tenant, UMass Global, will continue to lease one floor of the building for approximately 18 months while they transition to a new facility.

Concordia is committed to educating the workforce in Irvine and beyond for the 21st century. This investment is a testimony to Concordia's continued commitment to serve the community of Irvine, even as we get ready to celebrate our 50th anniversary in 2026.

‌
Will the purchase of the new campus impact current tuition rates?

No. There will be no financial impact for Concordia students, as the new campus was purchased using external funds provided by LCEF. This purchase is not being financed through tuition increases, adjustments to financial aid distributions, or changes in student services and/or amenities.

IRVINE SPECTRUM® and SPECTRUM™ are trademarks of Irvine Management Company used with permission.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

