https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/president/tours/spain-portugal/registration
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Office of the President
About Michael A. Thomas
State of the University
Inauguration
Speeches, Writings, & Media
Podcast
Tours
REGISTRATION
Spain & Portugal Tour
Registration is now open for the Concordia Choir and Companions 2023 Spain and Portugal tour.

2023 TOUR REGISTRATION

To begin the process, all participants will click on the green button “Register” and create an account with a username (email address) and private password.

Participants will then be prompted to Logon to their dashboard and complete their registration by filling in the required information (marked with red asterisks) and upload an electronic file of their passport’s main page.

It is no problem if a participant does not have a passport at time of registration and they just need to acknowledge that a copy must be submitted by 120 days before departure. Once they have their passport, then they can upload the copy by returning to their dashboard and clicking on “Edit Registration Settings.”

Participants will have the option to provide their Frequent flyer account numbers, KTN (TSA PreCheck), Special dietary needs and Roommate request.

Air Deviations, Upgrades and Land Only

For those that wish to request a deviation from the group air booking (extend their stay), upgrade their seat to Business or Premium Economy, or join as Land only and arrange their own flights, they can download the Deviation Request Form via the registration portal and submit the form with their specific deviation needs or Land only selected. There is more information about the Air Deviation option provided in the KI Terms and Conditions.

Note: Changing from Full tour to Land only after time of registration will be subject to a change fee – see terms and conditions.
Registration Confirmation

Upon successful completion of an online registration, tour participants will receive a confirmation letter via email. We recommend saving this confirmation email as it provides a link to return to their dashboard to Edit Registration Settings and to upload their passports.

Optional Travel Insurance

Participants will have the opportunity to purchase a travel insurance product directly from Travel Insured International. The links with more information and to purchase an insurance product are provided in the confirmation letter sent upon completion of a tour registration. CFAR (Cancel For Any Reason) insurance must be purchased before final payment for the tour package is remitted. Participants can purchase travel insurance from any insurance company of their choice.

For any questions or assistance with registering, please email: KIParticipants@KIConcerts.com

Once registered, companions will be directed to a payment page. Questions regarding payments can be directed to michael.bergler@cui.edu.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

