https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/wellness-center/counseling-and-psychological-services/utilizing-your-health-insurance-in-finding-a-therapist
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Wellness Center

Meet the Staff
Student Health Services 
Counseling and Psychological Services 
Graduate Students
Helping Hands
In an Emergency
Related Links 
Contact 
Utilizing Your Health Insurance in Finding a Therapist
WELLNESS CENTER
How to Utilize Your Health Insurance in Finding a Therapist
Using the phone number on the back of your health insurance card, call your insurance and ask them for a list of Behavioral Health providers in your network. They will most likely give you a website to visit. On their website you can enter your zip code and you will be given a list of several providers who are near you.
Ask your insurance provider what your deductible is and how much of it you have met. (A deductible is the amount you have to pay before your insurance will pay). For example, if you have a $500.00 deductible you are responsible for paying the first $500.00 yourself. After you have met your deductible your insurance will then take over. Typically deductibles reset each year on the anniversary of your policy.
Ask your insurance provider what your co-pay amount is. A Co-pay is what you are responsible for paying the provider each visit after your deducible has been met. Co-pay amounts, like deducible amounts, vary from one insurance policy to the next. They can be as little as $0.00 to as much as $100.00.
It is generally less expensive to see a provider who is “in-network”. Out of network” providers usually have a higher co-pay cost and may not be covered by your insurance at all.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

