https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/wellness-center/helping-hands/safety-resources
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Helping Hands

Housing Resouces
Food Resources
Safety Resources
Clothing Resources
Transportation Resources
Technology Resources
Personal Hygiene Resources
Parenting Students Resources
Safety Resources
WELLNESS CENTER
HELPING HANDS PROJECT
For Life Threatening Emergencies:
Please call 911 or go to your nearest emergency room.
Campus Safety

If the situation is serious but does not warrant a 911 call, Campus safety officers are on duty 24/7. Go to the Administration Building, Suite 103, or call Campus Safety Dispatch at 949-214-3000 or ext. 3000 if calling from an on-campus phone.

Wellness Center

Monday-Friday 9am-4pm.

CAPS staff is available during normal hours of operation to assist in the management of crises occurring on campus, including students who need same day, walk-in appointments to address critical situations. Go to the Wellness Center during open hours or call the main office line at 949-214-3102 or ext. 3102 if calling from an on-campus phone.

Safety Resources

988 Suicide and Crisis Hotline 	

CALL 988 if you are in crisis or feeling suicidal and need to talk to someone. 

988 Lifeline Website

	For anyone feeling unsafe, suicidal, and needing crisis assistance.
WayMakers OC	

WayMakers OC Support for Victims

	This link provides information and immediate assistance for victims of domestic violence and abuse. 


Assistance League Irvine 

	

Family Emergency Care

	For victims of domestic abuse and in need of immediate shelter. 


OC Warmline

	CALL 714-991-6412	Free and confidential telephone service providing emotional support & resources for mental health concerns, substance use, and loneliness. Available 24 hours, 7 days per week.


Love is Respect Hotline

	

CALL 866-331-9474, Text “LOVEIS” to 22522

	Confidential support for teens, young adults, and their loves ones seeking help, resources, or information related to healthy relationships and dating abuse in the U.S. Available 24 hours, 7 days per week. 
National Sexual Assault Hotline	CALL 800-656-4673	

Your call will be routed to a local sexual assault service provider based off your area code. Services are confidential and connect those in need to local resources.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

