https://www.cui.edu/parents-and-families
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Parents & Families

Connection Association 
Resources 
What to Expect
Gifts & Treats 
Fall Family Festival
Discounts & Benefits
Contact 
PARENTS & FAMILIES
Concordia University Irvine
GET STARTED 
The Support of Family
The Casteel Family
Welcome to the Concordia Family

The Concordia Experience has begun for you and your student, and we are so glad you’re here! We know you've worked hard to support your student becoming an Eagle. We believe that parent and family involvement and support are critical factors that lead to student success and degree completion at Concordia University Irvine.

There are many ways for you to stay connected, be involved, and help your student navigate college life. We're here to walk alongside you, all in support of your student. Whatever your needs or interests are, we hope you find what you're looking for, but if you don't please reach out and ask!

2023 - 2024 Virtual Coffee Talks
with Dr. Thomas

Live, virtual open forum with President Michael Thomas, Scott Ashmon - Provost, Tim Odle - Assoc. VP, Megan Bouslaugh - VP Student Affairs, and Tamara Sauer - Sr. Dir. Alumni and Family Relations.

September Coffee Talk
Friday, September 8
9:00 am - 10:00 am PST

VIEW SESSION

October Coffee Talk
Friday, October 20
9:00 am - 10:00 am PST

VIEW SESSION

January Coffee Talk
Friday, January 19
9:00 am - 10:00 am PST

VIEW SESSION

March Coffee Talk
Friday, March 15
9:00 am - 10:00 am PST

VIEW SESSION

*all virtual coffee talks will be recorded and posted here.

Stay Connected
CUI Parent and Family Facebook Group
JOIN NOW
Parent & Family Connection Association

The CUI Parent & Family Connection Association (CUI PFCA) is a free organization that encourages parents and family members of current CUI students to share their talents, experiences, and resources to stay connected throughout their students' journey. Whether you live near or far, each parent or guardian can be an integral part of the CUI Parent & Family Connection Association.

JOIN CUI PFCA TODAY
Parent & Family Eagle Newsletter
Stay up-to-date on the latest news and happenings at CUI

View our current Eagle Newsletter »

SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Parent's Name 
Student's Name 
Email Address 
SUBMIT
Parent Resources
Parent & Family Guide
Guía Para Padres de Familia
First-Generation Student Families
First Semester Questions for Parents
CUI Connect

CUI Connect is the gateway to the Eagle Network for alumni, students, parents, faculty, and staff. Sign up to be "willing to help" offer advice, answer industry-specific questions, be a mentor, and more. Students can "seek help" from our worldwide network, too.

CONNECT TODAY
Send Your Concordia Eagle Some Love
CU Celebrate
CUI Parent Spirit Items
Make an Impact

Are you interested in making an impact? Consider serving on the CUI Parent & Family Connection Association Council. Members of the CUI PFCA Council serve as ambassadors of Concordia University Irvine and support various administrative and financial needs of the University while encouraging other parents to do the same.

LEARN MORE

Important Dates & Events
Academic Calendar
Athletic Calendar
Fall Orientation (new students)
Parents and Family Week
Graduation
Discounts & Benefits

This is a free membership with the purpose of encouraging prosperous relationships, participation in events, and engagement with CUI. As a member of the CUIAA, you get benefits!

START SAVING
The Parents Fund

The Parents Fund enhances the student experience at CUI through annual gifts from parents of current and former students. These gifts become your contribution to the Concordia Fund, the University’s comprehensive Annual Giving Fund.

Gifts to the Parents Fund are a reflection of the value you and your family have in the “Concordia Experience." They immediately contribute to exceptional teaching, classroom technology, and research resources. From the sports field to the arts stage, the science lab to the residential facilities, the Parents Fund keeps undergraduate life thriving.

MAKE A GIFT TODAY

Contact
Office of Alumni & Family Relations

Phone/Fax: (949) 214-3178
family@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

