t MTA-California by Hal Leonard and was praised as an innovative, fun, and effective way for students to study essential repertoire. A review in American Music Teacher (Feb./Mar. 2014) described the book as providing first-rate musical concepts for younger students with a method utilizing fun, computer-style icons. Her book, 9 Gifts for Pianists, a textbook on piano performance, has been an asset for teaching all ages of piano students for more than twenty years. The review in AMT (May/June 2016) described 9 Gifts for Pianists as a systematic resource for understanding and presenting a healthy approach to sound production. Dr. Song started her study of piano at age five and went on to receive a BM, MFA, and DMA (ABD) in Piano Performance as well as a DMA in Piano Pedagogy. She has also received various certifications in the fields of early childhood development, music education, psychology, and life coaching.

Dr. Esther S. Lee

Esther S. Lee, born into a musical family, embarked on her musical journey at the age of six. She received a distinguished education from prestigious institutions in Korea, Germany, and the United States. Her professional studies began in Korea at Yewon Art School, Seoul Arts High School, and Seoul National University. In 2005, she continued her education at Hochschule für Musik, Theater und Medien Hannover in Germany, completing both her undergraduate and graduate studies. Subsequently, she furthered her musical expertise at Hochschule für Musik Detmold, completing her postgraduate program Konzertexamen. After moving to California, she successfully earned her Doctor of Musical Arts degree at the University of Southern California's Thornton School of Music, with guidance from Professor Bernadene Blaha. Lee now resides in Orange County and pursues her career as a teacher, recording engineer at CS Music Entertainment, and a performer, both as a soloist and as a chamber musician.

Dr. Hyunjoo Choi

Dr. Hyunjoo Choi received her M.M and D.M.A degree in piano performance from Michigan State University under Yong hi Moon. While completing her D.M.A. degree in Michigan State University, Dr. Choi has been recipient of scholarship with working as staff accompanist in the same school. Since she moved to California, she has served as a staff accompanist at Hope International University and Saddleback College. She was also teaching piano lesson in Flint School of Performing Arts and pianoforte. She has performed and studied in worldwide music festival such as the Millennium Keyboard Festival in Spain, The Banff Keyboard Festival and The Orford Music Festival in Canada, and The Chautauqua institute Summer Festival in New York. As a soloist and chamber musician, Dr. Choi performed Rachmaninoff 2nd concerto as keyboardist in Contemporary Music night with Flint Orchestra, The Real New Music 2009, and many solo recitals in Auditorium of Michigan State University.

Values of Certification
Eligible to purchase Dr.Joy Song’s Icon Gifts piano method books
Participate in Dr.Song’s Special Seminars
Eligible to take the next level of the certification courses
Global members of JoySong Piano Icon International Group
Reviews
Dr. Joy Song’s Icon Gifts has provided the piano teacher with an imaginative tool for conveying difficult concepts. When using these playful and creative icons, children can easily learn to comfortably move their bodies while producing beautiful tone. In addition, the icons help piano students listen and play with creativity and musical understanding.

Dr. Lorri Turcios, Division of Music, Bob Jones University, South Carolina U.S.A

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Contact Us

For more information about the Concordia Summer Academy, please feel free to contact us Dr. Hyunjoo Choi.

Dr. Hyunjoo Choi
(949) 214-3423
hyunjoo.choi@cui.edu

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

