https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/events/piano-icon-study
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Piano Icon Study
Teachers' Certification Program II
Dr. Song's Piano Icon Method has all the Answers
How can we teach to make “reverberant sound” from the very beginning?
How can we teach “self-Motivated” piano practice?
Generate more income for your piano studio?
What is the Icon study?

The Piano Icon method deals with and educates both students and teachers about the most fundamental and difficult questions in piano playing through the usage of piano icons. The most complicated musical and technical ideas are represented through the usage of scientifically developed piano icons. Dr.Song’s sensational Piano Icon Method Pedagogy is designed to awaken the hidden musical talents of children, arousing their sense of hearing and reading. This method also helps children with eyes to hands muscle coordination through the scientifically developed piano icons leading to self-driven, self-discipline, being able to internalize the most difficult technique of piano playing. Students who study with Piano Icon Study books certified teachers learn to discover their hidden talents in piano playing, build the ability to love and appreciate music, able to creatively interpret and express emotions through music, and absorb the most difficult technical concepts.

Dr. Joy Song's Piano Icon Pedagogy
What are you learning from the Piano Icon Study Certification program?

As a comprehensive guide to basic technique and musical expression, The Piano Icon Study method quickly and effectively establishes important principles for high quality piano performance by also drawing on physiological research and applying lesson plans in an energetic, creative, and fun way. This Certification program provides piano teachers creative textbooks full of innovative ideas, tools, and applications that have been successfully and consistently proven to work. Piano teachers in this system teach exclusively with these materials and have full access to a community of teachers, teacher training, and mentorship directly from the global professors and mentors with Dr. Joy Song.

REGISTER HERE

Schedule:
Jan. 12, 19, 22, 26, 29, & Feb. 1
8:30 AM - 10:30 PM

Eligibility:
Who already passed Piano Icon Study Course I

Location:
Borland-Manske Center in Concordia University Irvine, Room 063 (Keyboard Lab)

Tuition and fees:
1. Regular Course
Tuition and Fees: $550

Participants who registered for the regular courses will not have private lessons during the program; they will only attend the classes. However, if you wish to have private lessons, you can do so by paying a separate fee of $100.00 per hour.  Upon completion of the first session of the teacher's certification program, you will be eligible to purchase the piano icon series books that were studied during the course for a period of 6 months. This eligibility will be extended if you decide to enroll in the next course.

2. Premium Course
Tuition and Fees: $950

Participants who registered for the premium course will receive private lessons during the program in addition to the regular classes, at no extra cost. Please plan to allocate time for the private lessons after the scheduled classes. Upon completion of the first session of the program, you will be eligible to purchase the piano icon series books until you enroll in the next course. We believe this is our best offer for providing this course and hope it will contribute to your career development.

REGISTER HERE

Faculty
Dr. Joy Song

Dr. Joy J. Song is regarded as an innovator in the field of piano pedagogy. Her educational piano materials and practical psychology books on personality types are widely acclaimed in her home country of South Korea. Dr. Song entered the American market with Sonatine Secrets which was introduced at MTA-California by Hal Leonard and was praised as an innovative, fun, and effective way for students to study essential repertoire. A review in American Music Teacher (Feb./Mar. 2014) described the book as providing first-rate musical concepts for younger students with a method utilizing fun, computer-style icons. Her book, 9 Gifts for Pianists, a textbook on piano performance, has been an asset for teaching all ages of piano students for more than twenty years. The review in AMT (May/June 2016) described 9 Gifts for Pianists as a systematic resource for understanding and presenting a healthy approach to sound production. Dr. Song started her study of piano at age five and went on to receive a BM, MFA, and DMA (ABD) in Piano Performance as well as a DMA in Piano Pedagogy. She has also received various certifications in the fields of early childhood development, music education, psychology, and life coaching.

Dr. Esther S. Lee

Esther S. Lee, born into a musical family, embarked on he