https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/events/summer-piano-music-festival
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Concordia Summer Piano Music Festival
JULY 15-JULY 26, 2024
Music Events

 

Experience CUI's 2023 Piano Festival!
Summer Piano Music Festival

The Concordia Summer Piano Music Fest is like a cool summer jam for piano-loving kids aged 11 and up. It's all about diving deep into piano music, going beyond the usual practice routine. We're talking about exploring musical vibes and elements that make piano playing a blast. This program isn't just about nailing down those technical piano moves. It's a full-on musical journey that covers all aspects of becoming a pro pianist. We want our young maestros to not only crush it on the keys but also get the bigger picture of what it means to be a musician. And hey, it's not your typical summer camp – it's a two-week adventure where these talented pianists get to soak in the joy of playing music. We're all about boosting that love for music and making performances.

You’ll Learn
Piano Performance
Two masterclass performance with distinguished artist-teachers
Two private lessons with a member of distinguished artist-teachers
Two Piano ensemble lessons
One Piano Ensemble Masterclass
Concerto Masterclass
Concerto Concert – Selected pianists performing with the Chamber Orchestra
Faculty and Guest Artist Recitals
Final Recital
How to prepare the Recital Performance
Individual and Ensemble Practice Time
Featured classes
Ancestors of Piano – Harpsichord and Organ:
Understanding the ancestors of the piano is like unlocking a musical time capsule. It gives you insight into the roots of the instrument, which is key to interpreting compositions from different eras.  Start with the harpsichord and clavichord – the piano's cool great-grandparents. These keyboards had their own unique sounds and playing styles. Understanding how musicians approached these instruments can shed light on early keyboard music.
Keyboard Improvisation (Jazz):
Let's dive into the world of jazz harmony! We love to spice things up with some sweet chords and progressions.  Let's cook up some tasty jazz harmony!
Dancing to Baroque Music Types:
This movement class will introduce students to ways that people across Europe danced to “Baroque” music types in the late 1600s and early 1700s.  Following a bodily warm-up each day, students will learn the basics of dancing to bourées, gavottes, menuets, and sarabandes, working sometimes with partners and sometimes in small groups. Dress in comfortable clothing that shows your feet, lower legs, and knees, and wear bare feet or socks (but no ballet slippers or street shoes.)  
Piano Technique:
How to use your body to play piano
Let’s play rhythms (Dalcroze Eurythmics):
You're not just sitting and playing notes; you're moving, grooving, and feeling the rhythm in your entire body. Dalcroze Eurhythmics, as it's called, is all about syncing your body movements with the music.
Handbell Ensemble:
Let's break that piano-playing solitude and bring in some ensemble vibes with handbells! Playing handbells with friends is like creating a magical symphony together. It's teamwork, and it's a ton of fun.
Seminar for the Featured composer:
Frederic Chopin
The Musician's Body – Maintenance for Peak Performance:
These informative, interactive workshops are designed to help musicians use our body and mind most effectively as we engage in musical activities, be they warming up, practicing, rehearsing, or performing.
Registration and Audition

Video Recordings required to apply. Use YouTube or a similar video-sharing platform to share one or two recordings that demonstrate your highest level of musical achievement. Participants will be selected to participate based on their video audition submission.

The submitted selections must represent one of the following style periods :
Baroque, Classical, Romantic, Impressionism, 20th and 21st Century.

Program Schedule	July 15th - July 26th, 2024	Cost
Early application	April 1st, 2024	$30.00
Announcement of acceptance by	April 5th, 2024	Tuition must be paid by April 10th, 2024
Regular application	May 1st, 2024	$60.00
Announcement of acceptance by	May 5th, 2024	Tuition must be paid by May 10th, 2024
Age	11 yrs. and up	 
Tuition	Domestic Students	$1,590.00
 	International Students	$1,930.00
Room and Board	No meals provided on Weekends	$920.00
Optional Lunch Package	 	$130.00
Concerto performance application	Optional	$60.00
Concerto Performance fee	Selected performers for the concerto concert	$500.00

REGISTRATION/TICKETS

Concerto Performance Audition, 2023

Six performers who are selected from the Concerto Audition, will perform with the Chamber Orchestra led by the Conductor & Pianist, Sung Chang at the Concerto Concert During the Festival.
Audition Date : July 19th, 2024
Repertoires : One movement of following repertoires.

W. A. Mozart
Piano Concerto No.5 in D major, K.175
Piano Concerto No.6 in B-flat major, K.238
Piano Concerto No.8 in C major, K.246
Piano Concerto No.9 in E-flat major, K.271
Piano Concerto No.11 in F major, K.413
Piano Concerto No.12 in A major, K.414
Piano Concerto No.13 in C major, K.415
Piano Concerto No.14 in E-flat major, K.449
Piano Concerto No.16 in D major, K.451
Piano Concerto No.17 in G major, K.453
Piano Concerto No.18 in B-flat major, K.456
Piano Concerto No.19 in F major, K.459
Piano Concerto No.20 in D minor, K.466
Piano Concerto No.21 in C major, K.467
Piano Concerto No.22 in E-flat major, K.482
Piano Concerto No.23 in A major, K.488
Piano Concerto No.24 in C minor, K.491
Piano Concerto No.25 in C major, K.503
Piano Concerto No.26 in D major, K.537
L. v. Beethoven
No. 1-5 All Concerti
E. Grieg
Piano Concerto, Op.16 (1st movement)
F.Chopin
Piano Concerto, Op.11, No.1 1st movement
Faculty

Program Director: Dr. Hyunjoo Choi

Lessons and Masterclass
Dr. Ick-Choo Moon
Dr. Hae-Young Moon
Dr. Lorna Griffitt
Claire Trevor School of the Arts in University of California, Irvine
Dr. Judy Huang
MTNA Senior Competitions Coordinator
MTAC Concerto/Solo Competitions State Chair-South
Dr. Nadia Shpachenko
California State Polytechnic University, Pomona
Piano Duo Art, Dr. KookHee Hong and Dr. Minji Noh
Featured Class:
Dr. Tom Mueller
Dr. Christian Hauser
Associate Professor, Director of Music Education in Concordia University
Professor Mina Choi
Concordia University Irvine
Erik Der
Dr. Robert Watson
Professor of Music in California State University, Fullerton
Dr. Linda Tomko

Contact Us

For more information about the Summer Chamber Music Camp, please feel free to contact us directly.

Dr. Hyunjoo Choi
(949) 214 - 4823
hyunjoo.choi@cui.edu

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

