https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/index/id/20336
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Visit Concordia University Irvine
Admissions Events
Meet Your Counselor
Talk to a Professor
Contact 
Schedule a Visit
Fine Arts Day
UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

What is it?

Future students, families and guests: Join us for a fun and exciting day of fine arts activities! Meet with faculty, admissions counselors & current students. Experience amazing performances by our dynamic music and theatre groups. Attend chapel and hear our talented worship bands. Show your talent and audition for a music or theatre scholarship. Enjoy a complimentary lunch. Take a tour and see what Concordia University Irvine has to offer you as a future student!

There is no charge to attend this event and parking is complimentary. This event is open to all prospective students, however auditions are open to incoming transfers and high school seniors only (of any major) and considering enrollment in Fall 2019.

Auditions & Scholarship Information

Music and Theatre auditions are available throughout the day (8:00-3:00) for students considering enrollment in Fall 2019. Audition times will be assigned approximately one week in advance of the event. When you register for the event, indicate the area(s) in which you would like to audition please email auditions@cui.edu.

Music Audition Requirements
Students who are auditioning for music scholarships must fill out a Music Scholarship Interest Form in addition to their Fine Arts Day registration.

Theatre Audition Requirements
Students who are auditioning for theatre scholarships must fill out a Theatre Scholarship Interest Form in addition to their Fine Arts Day registration.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

