https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/auditions/voice
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Voice Auditions
Music Department

Concordia provides choral (voice) scholarships for singers of varying experience levels. Both Music Majors and Non-Music Majors are eligible and encouraged to apply. Arrange your audition by contacting: auditions@cui.edu.

Auditions in Person

In-person auditions are the preferred method. Voice auditions are available most M/W/F at 4:45 pm by arrangement. Make arrangements through auditions@cui.edu.

Prepare 2 solo selections that demonstrate your vocal ability. Solos may be of any style (classical, musical theatre, pop, contemporary Christian), but if you have studied classical art song literature please include at least one of these.
Voice faculty will assess the candidate's current level of technique, musicianship, and ability, as well as potential for growth using:
Sight reading exercises
Rhythm exercises
A brief interview
A professional accompanist is provided for in-person auditions. Prepare music by placing a copy in a double-sided binder, so the accompanist can turn pages easily. Accompaniments must be printed fully written out and printed in the desired key. The pianists does not transpose or read from chord charts.  If you would like to use your own accompanist, please communicate with auditions@cui.edu. Recorded accompaniments will not be allowed.
Other offerings are available during your visit to Concordia University Irvine. The Music Department is happy to help arrange campus tours, financial aid sessions, admission counselor meetings, and meetings with professors. Contact auditions@cui.edu with requests.
Video Audition & Online Meeting

If you are unable to visit in-person, video auditions are available by video submission.

Upload video to a video hosting site (like YouTube) and email link(s) to auditions@cui.edu (Please do not attach videos to emails).
Experienced Singers
Record 2 solo selections that demonstrate your vocal ability. These solos may be of any style (classical, musical theatre, pop, contemporary Christian), but if you have studied classical art song literature please include at least one of these.
Singers Without Solo Repertoire
Record a couple verses of your favorite hymn or song, and/or record yourself singing a voice part of your favorite choral piece.
Please make a few comments - introduce yourself, share your goals, why you are applying to Concordia, etc.
Meet the music faculty via webchat to learn more about the program. Contact auditions@cui.edu to arrange.
Voice Scholarship Requirements

The musical commitment for scholarships at Concordia is to sing in one of Concordia University Irvine's choirs and to take private lessons for at least 4 semesters (which cost an additional $100 per semester for lessons and a $40 ensemble fee per semester, often overshadowed by the amount of your scholarship).

Deadlines

Auditions are submitted on an on-going basis. It is recommended that applicants complete their scholarship audition before March 31 for Fall Enrollment and to maximize scholarship award potential. If submitted after that date, auditions are still accepted, but funds may be limited.

Contact Us

Erik Der
Community Engagement Manager for the Arts
Music Department Recruitment
auditions@cui.edu
(949) 214-3652

Michael Busch
Director of Choral and Vocal Activities
Professor of Music
michael.busch@cui.edu
(949) 214-3414

Learn more about Concordia University Irvine Choirs
Concordia Choir
Concordia Donne di Canto
Concordia Men's Chorus
Concordia Master Chorale
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

