https://www.cui.edu/onlinepayments
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Bursar

Tuition, Fees & Payments 
Refunds/Title IV
Bursar Holds
Study Abroad/Exchange
Credit Card Policy
1098-T
Related Links
Pay Online
Online Payment System
OFFICE OF THE BURSAR
Online Payment System

Online Payments are processed through My Records. Please proceed by clicking the "Pay Online" button below and logging in, then click on "My Student Bill" to view and pay your bill.

Credit and Debit card payments are not accepted. Please review the new credit card policy.

Online ACH: An ACH payment is a payment via electronic check or electronic withdrawal from a savings account. Routing number and account number are required to pay by ACH. US Bank accounts only. No Venmo, CASHApp or other applications accepted.

PAY ONLINE

Student Payments

All students may pay tuition and fees (i.e. housing and meal cost, housing deposit, flex dollars, class fee, graduation fee, student service fee, fines) using the online eCheck payment system. Credit/Debit Cards are not accepted. Wire payments are acceptable. Please e-mail bursar@cui.edu for more information.

Online Payer Access

Do you know someone who would like to help pay for your tuition?

Students may give access to family/friends by following the instructions below:

Login to MyRecords at cui.edu/mycui
Select MyStudent Bill
Select MyStudent Bill from the Menu (redirected to Transact-online billing system)
Scroll down until you see "Send a payer invitation"
Complete the Payer Invitation information to send

Graduate CUI Alumni and Smart Alliance Discounts are applied to your bill a week before the start of class. 

Privately funded scholarships (i.e. CNH District, LCMS) are applied to your bill after the university receives the check from the agency/donor. You may want to contact your donor and inform them you have received your CUI Bill and ask if they need additional information before submitting the scholarship check. Allow 7-10 days after the donor mails the check for the funds to appear on your bill. You may remit payment minus the scholarship, but you must email bursar@cui.edu so your account is noted. This is important to avoid bursar holds and late fees.

Departmental scholarships (i.e., Music, Athletic Scholarships) are posted when the Financial Aid Office receives the information from the department. Please check with your department to see when they will be submitting the information to the Financial Aid Office.

Bursar (financial) Holds

Bursar holds may take up to five days to be removed from your account. If you need your hold removed sooner, please email the receipt to edgar.lopez@cui.edu

This payment system is for enrollment deposits and tuition only. If you were looking for a place to make a donation, please visit our online donations website.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

