https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/auditions/handbells
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Handbell Auditions at Concordia University Irvine

Handbells are a unique musical medium and prospective Concordia ringers come with a wide range of abilities and types of experience and training. Most come with large-ensemble experience, and some come with solo experience. We realize that the ensemble experience ringing handbells or handchimes may be recent or in the somewhat less-recent past! We also accept auditions from candidates with no experience, however some musical experience is helpful.

The audition process helps assess a candidate’s current level of technique, musicianship, and ability, as well as potential for growth and learning whatever the level of experience.

To arrange an audition please contact by email— auditions@cui.edu

The Music Department, Concordia University, 1530 Concordia West, Irvine, CA 92612

In Person

Tour ensembles rehearse Mondays and Wednesdays 4:45–6:15; we would be pleased to have you observe a rehearsal.

Your private audition may include the following:

Clap or play a variety of rhythms at sight in various meters from simple to complex.
From a short musical excerpt provided, figure out and play a part (such as F5-G5 with accidentals), with a few minutes of preparation.
By video (if the candidate cannot come to campus):

Record your playing as follows and send us a link to a Youtube, DropBox or other commonly used internet file. This should be clearly labeled with your name, address, contact information (phone and/or email address) and list of contents.

Your recorded audition should include the following:

Rehearsal or performance of two well-prepared selections of full ensemble, small ensemble, and/or solo with the candidate clearly visible at all times. Some zooming to show both individual and group is helpful.

Questions about scheduling your audition? auditions@cui.edu | (949)214-3419
For more information: Erik.der@cui.edu | (949)214-3652

Download these Handbell Auditions Procedures (PDF).

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

