https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/auditions/composition
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Composition Auditions

Concordia provides scholarships for talented composers who wish to further their knowledge of arranging, orchestrating, and composition. Composition applicants and their families are invited to visit campus for an audition and sample lesson at any time of year.

In person (preferred):
Complete the music scholarship interest form
Submit scores for two or three of your own compositions or arrangements. These may be classical, jazz, or contemporary, composed for any performing medium or instrumentation. You may bring paper copies of your scores to your audition, or you may email .pdf files in advance.
If possible, include audio or video recordings of your compositions.
A brief interview.
By email, video, and phone (if the candidate is distant):

Upload your video to a video hosting site (like YouTube) and email the link(s) to auditions@cui.edu (do not attach videos to emails).

Complete the music scholarship interest form
Email scores for two or three of your own compositions or arrangements. These may be classical, jazz, or contemporary, composed for any performing medium or instrumentation. Please use .pdf format for all score submissions.
If possible, attach audio or video recordings of these compositions. MP3 or ACC format is preferred; please do not send uncompressed .WAV files. Do not attach video files to emails.
Contact auditions@cui.edu to arrange a time for a phone or videoconference conversation and interview.

Questions about scheduling your audition? auditions@cui.edu (949)214-3419
For information regarding keyboard studies at CUI: tom.mueller@cui.edu (949)214-3651

Casavant Specs

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

