https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/auditions/jazz
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Jazz Auditions
Music Department
Jazz Auditions

Concordia has several graded jazz ensembles, as well as an all-acoustic string ensemble devoted to bluegrass, swing, country, and other traditional genres. Scholarships are available for talented student musicians who wish to hone their skills as improvisers and ensemble musicians.

In person (preferred):

Prepare at least one of the following items for your audition.

Two contrasting jazz standards (chordal instruments should prepare both melody and chords.) The use of a play-along track is permitted.
Two contrasting parts from a large ensemble or big band arrangement
Optional: improvise for at least one chorus of a standard tune or blues form
Americana: a traditional country, swing, or bluegrass tune.

Auditioning students will be asked to sightread from a lead sheet.

By video (if the candidate is distant):

Upload your video to a video hosting site (like YouTube) and email the link(s) to auditions@cui.edu (do not attach videos to emails). At the beginning of your video, take a moment to introduce yourself, share a few of your musical goals, and tell us why you are applying to Concordia.

Prepare at least one of the following items for your audition.

Two contrasting jazz standards (chordal instruments should prepare both melody and chords.) The use of a play-along track or supporting musicians is permitted.
Two contrasting parts from a large ensemble or big band arrangement
Optional: improvise for at least one chorus of a standard tune or blues form
Americana: a traditional country, swing, or bluegrass tune.

Mail to: The Music Department, Concordia University, 1530 Concordia West, Irvine, CA 92612
Questions about scheduling your audition? auditions@cui.edu (949)214-3419
For more information about the jazz program: tom.mueller@cui.edu (949)214-3651

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

