https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/auditions/piano-organ
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Keyboard Auditions

Students who are capable of assisting the department with accompanimental and service playing needs are eligible for generous music scholarships. The highest consideration for keyboard awards is given to candidates with significant mastery of technique and musicianship.

Keyboard applicants and their families are invited to visit campus for an audition and sample lesson at any time of year. Music scholarship offers are usually determined within one week of your audition date.

Piano
In person (preferred):
Complete the music scholarship interest form
Play one or two pieces that demonstrate your highest level of musical achievement.
Be prepared to sightread a hymn or simple piece of keyboard literature. All sightreading materials will be provided.
When possible, the audition will conclude with a brief interview and sample lesson.
By video (if the candidate is distant):

Upload your video to a video hosting site (like YouTube) and email the link(s) to auditions@cui.edu. Please do not attach videos to emails.

Complete the music scholarship interest form
Play one or two pieces that demonstrate your highest level of musical accomplishment.
If desired, you may include a recording of yourself serving in accompanimental role in a rehearsal, performance, or worship service.
Please introduce yourself and let us know why you are interested in Concordia. What are your goals? What do you most enjoy about studying music? What has led you to consider Concordia?

Questions about scheduling your audition? auditions@cui.edu (949) 214-3613

For keyboard study information: tom.mueller@cui.edu (949) 214-3651

Organ
In person (preferred):
Complete the music scholarship interest form
Play one or two pieces that demonstrate your highest level of musical achievement.
Pianists who wish to study organ may audition with two contrasting piano pieces.
Be prepared to sightread brief excerpts from hymns or literature of comparable difficulty.
When possible, the audition will conclude with a brief interview and sample lesson.

The specification for Concordia’s Casavant organ (III/59)can be viewed here. To schedule practice time, contact Dr. Tom Mueller at tom.mueller@cui.edu. A faculty member will help you with registrations and page turns if you need assistance.

By video (if the candidate is distant):

Upload your video to a video hosting site (like YouTube) and email the link(s) to auditions@cui.edu. Please do not attach videos to emails.

Complete the music scholarship interest form
Play one or two pieces that demonstrate your highest level of musical accomplishment.
If desired, you may include a recording of yourself serving in accompanimental role in a rehearsal, performance, or worship service.
Please introduce yourself and let us know why you are interested in Concordia. What are your goals? What do you most enjoy about studying music? What has led you to consider Concordia?

Questions about scheduling your audition? auditions@cui.edu (949) 214-3613

For keyboard study information: tom.mueller@cui.edu (949) 214-3651

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

