https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/career-services/4-year-roadmap/first-year
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Career & Vocation
About
College Corps
Students 
Employers/Recruiters
Faculty/Staff
Job Search 
Contact 
Access Handshake
FIRST YEAR
4-YEAR ROADMAP
Center for Career & Vocation
First Year | Exploration & Awareness

As a first-year student, the goal is to start identifying your interests, skills, passions, and strengths. Now is the perfect time to gain self-awareness, explore opportunities, and discover God’s calling for you. Below is a checklist of steps to take towards launching your 4 Year Career Roadmap.

Complete a self-assessment tool and explore results with a career coach.
Explore Focus 2 results in INT 100 or with a career coach.
Connect your interests to a major, and consider your desired lifestyle.
Begin career exploration with “What Can I do with this Major?”
Talk with professors and personal contacts in your interested career field.
Log in to Handshake and create a profile to search for future jobs and internships.
Follow us on social media.
Attend workshops such as Student Success Workshops

Romans 12:2 — Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God's will is—his good, pleasing and perfect will.

Career Readiness Competencies to Work On:
Career Management | Oral + Written Communication | Critical Thinking
LEARN MORE ABOUT CAREER READINESS
Awareness

Self-Awareness is about doing a realistic appraisal of yourself and is the starting point for career planning. During this step, you will:

Identify your interests, skills, values, strengths, and personality types.
Determine how these important factors influence your career decision(s) and satisfaction.
Learn the areas in which you need to improve, gain knowledge, or experience.

Best selling author and psychologist, Daniel Goleman, states in his research on Emotional Intelligence that Self-Awareness concerns knowing one’s internal states, preferences, resources, and intuitions. The Self-Awareness contains three competencies:

Emotional Awareness: Recognizing one’s emotions and their effects.
Accurate Self-Assessment: Knowing one’s strengths and limits.
Self-Confidence: A strong sense of one’s self-worth and capabilities.

Understanding who you are can better help you discover your vocation in where and how you want to serve in your work. Below you will find self-assessment tools to help you identify your interests, skills, strengths, values, and to connect them to careers.

Assessment Tools
Strengths Finder
Keirsey Temperament
16 Personalities
Focus 2
Disc
Explore

Explore areas of interest and study to research majors, courses you would like to take, and professional paths. Visit the Career Center website and explore "What can I do with this major?", research career options, declare your major, meet with your Academic Advisor, login to Handshake to start getting familiar with how you will upload your resume, search for a job or internship, and view upcoming events.

‌
Major Exploration

Most students change their major at least once before graduation. During the first two years, many students are still learning about their interests and strengths.

Studies have shown that students who declare a major by their second year in college have an increased probability of graduation.

Explore Undergraduate majors that are offered at Concordia University Irvine. Look at:

Student testimonials
Curriculum
Alumni success
Opportunities
Faculty

WHAT CAN I DO WITH THIS MAJOR?

Use “What can I do with this major?” to explore different majors that interest you and look at the following:

Common career areas
Typical employers
Career strategies
Links to additions information on Professional Associations, Occupational Outlook Handbook, Related Resources, and Employment Opportunities
Connect

Set up a meeting with a Career Coach to explore options.

Inform an Academic Advisor if you wish to change your major, minor, and/or program, and complete the “Change of Major” form.

‌
Career Exploration

Gather accurate information about careers to become an “information expert” in the fields you are considering.

Research tools

There are thousands of resources available out on the web, so it can be challenging to know which sites are legitimate. The following links are resources that set the standard for providing comprehensive information about occupations:

Learn How to Become
Provides details into 45 of today’s most popular career fields (including accounting, engineering, nursing, firefighting, financial advising, and teaching).
O*NET Online
Provides detailed insight into job outlook, skills, tasks, education, work context, wages and job zone.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics - Occupational Outlook Handbook
Describes and lists hundreds of different occupations.
CareerOneStop
Sponsored by the U.S. Department of Labor, this website provides videos and reports on careers.
Cost of Living Calculator
Compare job salaries in up to 4 cities alongside the national median.
Questions to consider:
How much training or education is required to enter and advance in this career?
Do jobs in this career area exist where I live? If not, where do they exist, and do I want to move there?
What are the skills, values, and personal traits of the people who are successful in this career?
What are the daily responsibilities and tasks involved in this work?
Will the salary and benefits meet my needs?
What is the job market outlook?
Second Year
Involvement & Experience

VIEW SECOND YEAR

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

