eeting with a Career Coach to explore options.

Inform an Academic Advisor if you wish to change your major, minor, and/or program, and complete the “Change of Major” form.

‌
Career Exploration

Gather accurate information about careers to become an “information expert” in the fields you are considering.

Research tools

There are thousands of resources available out on the web, so it can be challenging to know which sites are legitimate. The following links are resources that set the standard for providing comprehensive information about occupations:

Learn How to Become
Provides details into 45 of today’s most popular career fields (including accounting, engineering, nursing, firefighting, financial advising, and teaching).
O*NET Online
Provides detailed insight into job outlook, skills, tasks, education, work context, wages and job zone.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics - Occupational Outlook Handbook
Describes and lists hundreds of different occupations.
CareerOneStop
Sponsored by the U.S. Department of Labor, this website provides videos and reports on careers.
Cost of Living Calculator
Compare job salaries in up to 4 cities alongside the national median.
Questions to consider:
How much training or education is required to enter and advance in this career?
Do jobs in this career area exist where I live? If not, where do they exist, and do I want to move there?
What are the skills, values, and personal traits of the people who are successful in this career?
What are the daily responsibilities and tasks involved in this work?
Will the salary and benefits meet my needs?
What is the job market outlook?
Second Year
Involvement & Experience

VIEW SECOND YEAR

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

