https://www.cui.edu/it/admin-acceptable-use-policy
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Information Technology Services
About ITS
Resources
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Submit a Help Request
Concordia Admin Network Acceptable Use Policy
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES
All Faculty and Staff are expected to abide by the policy at all times.

Although the University may entrust you with the use of voice-mail, e-mail, computer files, software, or similar University property, you should keep in mind that these items have been installed and maintained at great expense to the University and are only intended for business purposes. At all times, they remain University property. Likewise, all record files, software, and electronic communications contained in these systems are also property of the University.

You are advised that the following are not private: electronic files, records and communications on the University computer systems, electronic communication systems, or University telecommunications equipment. Although they are a confidential part of the University’s property, you should not use this equipment or these systems for confidential messages. The use of passwords to limit access to these systems is only intended to prevent unauthorized access to voice mail, e-mail, computer systems, files, and records. Additionally, these systems are subject to inspection, search, and/or monitoring by University personnel for any number of business reasons. Accordingly, these systems and equipment should not be used to transmit personal messages, except in necessary situations or when exceptions are specifically sanctioned by management. Voice-mail messages and e-mail messages should be routinely deleted when no longer needed.

You should be advised to use voice mail and e-mail as cautiously as you would use any more permanent communication medium such as a memorandum or letter. You should realize that e-mail messages:

May be saved and read by third parties
May be retrieved in litigation even after deletion
May be accessed by authorized service personnel, or
May be examined by management for business purposes, without notice

To protect the University and to maintain network resources:

Offensive, defamatory, obscene, or racist messages may not be sent or forwarded to anyone
If you receive such a message you are to report it to Human Resources immediately
Do not send viruses through e-mail
Do not open attachments from unknown sources
Unsolicited e-mail or chain mail should not be sent or forwarded
Personal use of Concordia's e-mail system is to be kept at a minimum. Problems should be addressed by your supervisor and Human Resources notified.
Do not install any software without the express written permission of the IT department
Downloading or viewing of offensive, defamatory, obscene, or racist material is prohibited and may be cause for termination
Do not alter electronic data without proper authorization

There will be times when you are unavailable, but the University, in order to conduct business, will utilize its ability to access your e-mail, voice-mail, computer files or software, or other University property. The University also may inspect the contents of your voice-mail, e-mail, computers, computer files, or software to monitor job performance, for training or quality control purposes, or when the University suspects that University property is being used in an unauthorized manner. You will be notified when this has occurred.

You are responsible for what happens at your workstation, under your password. The University recommends that you refrain from giving your password to colleagues or student workers.

It is reasonable to assume that some Faculty/Staff may use campus technology in ways that are illegal or that violate provisions of the Faculty Handbook. Such behaviors are prohibited and should be reported immediately. Whereas an exhaustive list of such behaviors would be impossible to generate, the following are specific examples of prohibited behavior:

Connecting any device (e.g. a wireless router) other than a personal computer to a University data network port
Unauthorized entry into a file to use, read, or change its contents
Unauthorized transfer, copy, and/or downloading of files (including use of peer-to-peer file-sharing programs to download copyrighted materials)
Unauthorized use on another individual’s identification and/or passwords
Use of technology to send or receive obscene, abusive, or pornographic content
Use of technology to harass any person or persons
Use of computer facilities to interfere with normal operation of the University computer system
Manipulation of the University telephone system that results in telephone bills being assigned to another individual or the University
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
