https://www.cui.edu/it/user-account-and-policies
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Information Technology Services
About ITS
Resources
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Submit a Help Request
User Account Policies and Assistance
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES

The following is an overview of the user account and password policy for the domain user accounts granted to faculty, staff, and students on Concordia University's network.
If you use any resources on the network including file shares, printers, or email, then the following policies apply to your user account and password.

User Account Policy:
User accounts are only granted for current staff, faculty, or student employees of the University.
User accounts are granted on a per-person basis. Accounts are NEVER to be shared with other users.
User accounts can only be created by IT Services after approval from the HR department.
All users must agree to abide by the Concordia Information Network Acceptable Use Policy.
If someone else needs access to resources used by another user they MUST contact the IT Department in order to get access. User account or password sharing is NEVER acceptable.
Password Policy:
Passwords are required for all user accounts on the network for security purposes.
Passwords expire every 120 days. A new password must be chosen when an old password expires.
Old passwords CAN NOT be re-used.
Passwords must be AT LEAST 10 characters long.
Passwords must meet contain AT LEAST 3 of the 4 following items:
Uppercase characters
Lowercase characters
Numbers
Special characters
	
(such as ABC)
(such as abc) 
(such as 123)
(such as  @*#)
Passwords should NEVER be written down or posted in public locations.
If IT Services finds public password posting, the posting will be removed, and the account may be locked for security purposes.
User Account Management Assistance:

For assistance with your user account, the following options are available:

Self-service password management on the web is available by going to MyAccount
Help Request forms are available on the IT Services website
Email IT Services at ITS@cui.edu
Call IT Services at 949.214.3175 (or just extension 3175 from on-campus)
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

