urday, Apr 8

Romans 1:16 & Romans 8:28–39

It Could Not Hold Him

Romans 1:16 & Romans 8:28–39

Read Devotion

DAY

41

Sunday, Apr 9

He is Risen!
Read Devotion
Daily Devotions from Romans for the Lenten Season

Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewal of your mind.” (Romans 12:1-2)

This verse has been Concordia University Irvine’s theme this school year. As a result, our worship has focused primarily on the book of Romans.

Martin Luther described the book this way: 

This letter is truly the most important piece in the New Testament. It is purest Gospel. It is well worth a Christian's while not only to memorize it word-for-word but also to occupy himself with it daily, as though it were the daily bread of the soul. It is impossible to read or to meditate on this letter too much or too well. The more one deals with it, the more precious it becomes and the better it tastes.

As we continue walking through Romans during this Lenten season, we will hear God’s voice, and experience his transforming renewal. 

Most of the devotions in this series were written by our friends and partners in ministry at Redeemer Lutheran Church, Fort Collins, Colorado. We are thankful for their generosity in sharing these devotions with us this Lent.

Our prayer is that these readings, devotions and prayers will richly bless you and deepen your understanding of God’s love for you, and his gifts of grace, mercy, forgiveness, and faith.

Holy Week Icons

President Dr. Michael Thomas guides us through three important religious images that will enhance your experience of Holy Week.

Introduction to Icons / Religious Imagery

The Lord's Supper / Mystical Dinner

The Crucifixion

The Resurrection

LEARN MORE ABOUT HOLY WEEK ICONS

Walk With Us

Sign up to receive daily devotions from Ash Wednesday through Easter directly to your email.
Your email address will be used for no other purposes than these Lenten devotions.

Email 
SUBSCRIBE
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

