avel with Jesus to the cross, pondering the amazing gifts that he gives to us in his life, suffering, death, burial, and resurrection. We remember and reflect.

For generations, many Christians have chosen to “give something up” for Lent. Beginning with fasting, many people today choose to give up some particular thing, intending that this discipline helps them reflect on all that Christ did for them. If you choose to do this, God bless you in your Lenten walk.

But perhaps we might also take something up for Lent. Find a new area of service, expand a spiritual discipline, spend more time in Scripture and prayer. This, too, can focus our attention.

We invite you to join us this Lent in reading through the Gospel of Mark with us. Each weekday and Saturday will have a portion of Mark’s Gospel to read along with a devotional reflection. We hope this will be a blessing to you this Lent as, together, we return to the Lord our God and walk with Jesus.

A new devotion will be released every day, starting on Ash Wednesday and ending on Easter. (We will not have devotions on Sundays during Lent.)

I pray that you will use this devotional guide to help you reflect and to draw nearer to God during this season when so many distractions vie for our attention. I pray that through these devotions you may find new ways to understand how love can bear, believe, hope, and endure all things.

If you would like to receive email reminders as these daily reflections are posted, you can subscribe to our email list that is dedicated solely to these Lenten devotions.

In Christ,

Steve Mueller
Chief Mission Officer
Dean of Christ College

Quinton Anderson
Lead Pastor
Assistant VP Spiritual Life and Development

Holy Week Icons

President Dr. Michael Thomas guides us through three important religious images that will enhance your experience of Holy Week.

Introduction to Icons / Religious Imagery

The Lord's Supper / Mystical Dinner

The Crucifixion

The Resurrection

LEARN MORE ABOUT HOLY WEEK ICONS

Walk With Us

Sign up to receive daily devotions from Ash Wednesday through Easter directly to your email.
Your email address will be used for no other purposes than these Lenten devotions.

Email 
SUBSCRIBE
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

