https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/advising
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Academic Advising

Meet the Advisors
Students 
Academic Resources 
My Degree Works
ACADEMIC ADVISING
Schedule an Appointment
The Office of Academic Advising

The traditional undergraduate Academic Advising Team assists students with academic planning and guidance throughout their undergraduate tenure at Concordia University Irvine. All students are assigned to a specific advisor who creates an individualized graduation plan and helps navigate the procedural and planning complexities of registration, choice of major/minor, graduation timeline, My Degree Works, articulation agreements and much more.

Office Hours

8:30 AM - 12:00 PM: Appointments available through the Advisor’s calendar booking link
1:00 PM - 4:00 PM: Appointments available through the Advisor’s calendar booking link

We are located on the top floor of Schroeder Library and Learning Commons. Please check in at the front desk to see an Academic Advisor.

Popular Links for Class Registration

2023-2024 Important Class Deadlines »
Registration Information
Undergrad Course Schedule
4-Year Course Grid
Time Schedule Worksheet
Academic Catalogs

Advising Season

Advising Season for Spring Class Registration is February 12th - March 15th. You are welcome to meet with your academic advisor in person or virtually through Google Meet. Specific information on how to use Degreeworks, your grad plan, and appointment links are sent to students’ Eagles email accounts.

It is highly recommended to book an appointment with your academic advisor early on before availability becomes limited. Prepare any questions, academic goals, and a draft of the spring course schedule before meeting with your advisor.

March 18th - 22nd will be walk-ins only during the hours of 8:30am - 12pm and 1pm - 4pm, and closed during chapel time. Walk-in times vary depending on student traffic. Please plan accordingly.

Students who meet with their academic advisor will be provided with an alternate pin to register through MyRecords when registration opens. This alternate pin will allow for class changes through the first week of the new semester if there are no holds on the student account.

Fall Class Registration Dates
Seniors	Sunday, March 24 at 10pm
Juniors	Monday, March 25 at 10pm
Sophomores	Tuesday, March 26 at 10pm
Freshmen	Wednesday, March 27 at 10pm

*Holds will prevent registration

Ask Your Advisor

Your Academic Advisor will help you navigate class registration and work with you to create a 4-year pathway to graduation by utilizing our planning tool called My Degree Works.

Don't know who your advisor is? Email academic.advising@cui.edu to find out!

MEET THE ADVISORS

My Degree Works

My Degree Works allows you students to view and track your progress towards degree completion, including the number of units completed, (including those transferred) as well as your current enrollment, GPA, Academic Standing, personalized Graduation Plan, and more. Students are encouraged to utilize each functionality of My Degree Works in partnership with your Academic Advisor.

LEARN MORE

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

