https://www.cui.edu/giving/forward-in-faith/academic-support-and-student-experience
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Academic Support & Student Experience
Borland-Manske Center
Eagle Athletics
Annual Fund
Endowment & Estate Gifts
Contact
$100,000,000 RAISED!

Forward in Faith - The Campaign for Concordia came to an historic close on December 31, 2020. The Concordia Family thanks you – and most importantly, the Lord – for the abundant blessings that have been shared with Concordia's students. Over 10,000 donors participated in the Campaign and propelled us well over the $85M campaign goal. To God be the Glory!

Read Article Featured in CUI Magazine»

$8M Goal - $11M Raised
Academic Support & Student Experience
Learning in the Classroom and Beyond

Concordia University Irvine has gained a national reputation for academic excellence by bringing a distinctively Lutheran perspective on faith and learning to Christian higher education, offering strong liberal arts and professional programs in an environment that prizes rigorous teaching, scholarship, and service.

Learning doesn’t always happen in a classroom. Co-curricular programs support a holistic student experience, enriching their academic life and providing students with hands-on experiences and skills that employers want.

Your donations help us prepare our students for their vocations – their callings in life – by investing in the academic department or program of your choice.

Enduring Questions & Ideas

Nationally Recognized Core Curriculum

The Arts

Music, Theatre, Visual Arts

Speech & Debate

Forensics Dominates National Stage

Clubs & Activities

Engaging in Extracurricular Activities

Academic Showcase

Faculty-Mentored Research Competition

Around-the-World Semester®

Life-Changing Study Abroad Experiences

Mission Trips

Local & International Service

Majors & Programs

140+ Majors, Minors, and Programs

Concordia has meant a world of opportunities ... to grow academically, spiritually, and relationally. It has shown me the task laid before me in the Great Commission and given me practical and creative ways in which to fulfill it.

McKenna Brand

Previous
Next
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

