https://www.cui.edu/giving/forward-in-faith/endowment-and-estate-gifts
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Endowment & Estate Gifts
Borland-Manske Center
Eagle Athletics
Academic Support & Student Experience
Annual Fund
Contact
$100,000,000 RAISED!

Forward in Faith - The Campaign for Concordia came to an historic close on December 31, 2020. The Concordia Family thanks you – and most importantly, the Lord – for the abundant blessings that have been shared with Concordia's students. Over 10,000 donors participated in the Campaign and propelled us well over the $85M campaign goal. To God be the Glory!

Read Article Featured in CUI Magazine»

$29M Goal - $41M Raised
Endowment & Estate Gifts
Endowment Funds Sustain Concordia’s Mission

As a young institution, Concordia University Irvine is making great strides in building a strong endowment that will fortify the quality programs that help carry out its mission. $20 million of donations from Forward In Faith flowed into the endowment. Combined with market performance, the Concordia Endowment has grown from $14M in 2013, at the start of the campaign, to over $40M in 2020. Endowment funds sustain Concordia’s mission, providing much needed scholarship support and programmatic resources to academic departments. 30 new endowments were created during Forward in Faith, reaching across multiple areas of the university. An additional $20 million dollars in estate gifts helped secure Concordia’s future by providing a stream of future funding.

What is an endowment?

An endowment is a permanent investment in the future of Concordia University and its commitment to furthering Christ's Great Commission. Endowed funds are invested, rather than used as cash for immediate needs. The earnings from the endowment are distributed to the University scholarships and academic programs.

An endowment can be designated for a specific purpose, such as faculty development or scholarships. The gift to create the endowment can be made from cash, stock, life insurance, real estate or other assets. The gift is invested and only the earnings from the gift are used each year for the purpose designated by the donor.

Why are endowments important?

Since the capital cannot be used, the income generated from an endowment is an important source of revenue. Endowed funds create a foundation for fiscal growth and stability, while generating a reliable portion of income for scholarships and academic programs.

Endowments are created for many uses and universities with substantial endowments enjoy strong academic reputations and are able to attract the finest professors, maintain the best libraries and facilities. Prospective students will note the improvements that endowed funds provide when assessing an institution. Endowments provide the financial stability to weather the ups and downs of the economy.

Creating a Named Endowment

Donors make a gift of $25,000 or pledge payments over 5 years to create the permanent investment. Many Concordia donors establish endowments and fund them through their estate gifts.

For more information on endowments and estate gifts, please contact Mike Bergler, CFRE, Executive Director of Campaign Operations and Annual Giving, at (949) 214-3187 or email him at mike.bergler@cui.edu for more information.

For more information on the benefits of gift plans, visit our website at cui.edu/plannedgiving.
VISIT PLANNED GIVING WEBSITE
As God blessed us we were able to increase our giving. Concordia is right at the top of our list.

Kelly & Cheryl Keithly

Previous
Next
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

