 account. To arrange for direct deposit to your preferred bank account, complete the online authorization form.

Financial Holds

A student who has past due debt to the University will be assessed a Bursar Hold. They will not be permitted to register in any program at the University. Holds are released when payment is received.

Alternative Payment Options

We provide semester Payment Plans and Alternative and Parent PLUS Loans as alternative payment methods. We will work with you to find the best option for you. If you enroll in a Payment Plan with Transact, you will carry a balance until all payments are made. It is the responsibility of the student to verify that the Plan Amount will pay off their semester balance. Payment Plan accounts are subject to a financial hold at the discretion of the University.

Returned or Nonsufficient (NSF) Payments

If you submit a payment for tuition and fees that is returned by your bank for nonpayment, the payment will be reversed and you will incur an Returned Payment fee. Below is additional information about why a check could have been returned by your bank and impacts your student account. The nonpayment may be caused by a number of reasons such as:

insufficient funds
a closed account
a non-transaction account
using an invalid account or routing number (Bank reports account cannot be locate)

You will receive an email if a payment made to your account does not go through once we are notified by the bank of the rejected payment. Upon notification of the returned item by either Transact Payments SmartPay or your bank, it is your responsibility to pay the outstanding amount and any associated fees immediately.  Your account may also be subject to a Bursar hold and the inability to use our online payment system.

Late Fees

If you fail to meet the payment deadline, you will be assessed a late payment fee in accordance with the payment deadline schedule. If you have extenuating circumstances regarding your late payment please send an email to bursar@cui.edu, after your balance aside from the late fee(s) has been resolved, indicating the following:

Your full name and student identification number
The semester or semesters in which you received the late payment fee
The circumstances that you wish to be reviewed
Financial Aid and Scholarship Recipients

If your financial aid and/or scholarship(s) do not cover your semester charges, it is your responsibility to seek alternative payment options for the amount of tuition remaining. The Credit/Anticipated Credit section of the bill reflects any aid that the University has received on your behalf. If you are aware of aid not reflected on your bill please contact the party responsible for your aid:

It should be noted that students must register Full-Time to receive Financial Aid. It is the student's responsibility to notify the Financial Aid Office if the student registers below 12 units. Please visit Financial Aid or The Bursar's Office for further information.

Please use this website as a resource, as the information provided is intended to help answer questions quickly and effectively regarding your University charges and credits. If, after searching our website you do not find the information you need, please do not hesitate to contact us via phone, email or come visit us on campus. We are here to be a resource to the families and students of Concordia.

We wish you a successful academic year,
Dr. Edgar Lόpez
Bursar

Your full name and student identification number
The semester or semesters in which you received the late payment fee
The circumstances that you wish to be reviewed
CUI Scholarships, Federal & State Financial Aid, and Loans: contact the CUI Financial Aid Office.
Outside resources: contact the source of your scholarship or grant
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

