https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/bursar
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Bursar

Tuition, Fees & Payments 
Refunds/Title IV
Bursar Holds
Study Abroad/Exchange
Credit Card Policy
1098-T
Related Links
Pay Online
OFFICE OF THE BURSAR
Student Life
Welcome from the Office of the Bursar

The Bursar's Office is here to provide you with your direct cost of attendance, payment information, refunds, financial holds and alternative payment options at Concordia University. We interact with students, parents, faculty, staff and administrators along with outside agencies either in person, by phone, or by email. Our goal is to make your experience at Concordia as financially feasible as possible, provide outstanding service while maintaining a high level of integrity, honesty, and professional ethics.

Fines such as housing fines and library fines must be paid in full by the departmental deadline. Fines not paid or appealed within this time period are considered delinquent, and the amount of the fine will be added to the student's account. Should you have questions about fines, please contact the appropriate department.

Location & Hours
Office Hours

Monday-Friday: 8:00 a.m to 4:30 p.m.

North Grimm Hall Bldg., 1st Floor
Concordia University
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612-3203
Phone (949) 214-3075
Fax (949) 214-3073

Mission Statement

Our mission in the Bursar's Office is to provide accurate and timely account information and reliable fiscal guidance to students in a high-quality professional manner.

Payment Information

Your direct cost of attendance includes: tuition, fees, and room and meals (if applicable). These charges are reflected on your student bill along with financial aid (grants and scholarships) and payments. Bills are sent to the e-mail addresses you have entered in MyRecords prior to the beginning of each semester.

Payments must be received by the due date (see above), whether you receive a Student Bill or not. It is the sole responsibility of the student to adhere to payment deadlines of his/her tuition and accommodating fees. If you make changes resulting in increased costs (after the payment deadline), you are required to make full payment of the difference when the changes are made. Tuition charges and fees are assessed when the student registers. Room and board charges are assessed upon assignments issued by our Housing Office. It is the student's responsibility to ensure that all necessary documents are submitted and approved by the correct department to allow housing and meal charges to reflect on the tuition bill. All tuition, fees, housing, and meal costs are due by the payment deadlines to avoid a $100 late fee. Nonpayment of tuition does not constitute an official drop/withdrawal from class.

Payments can be mailed in, made in person, or online. We accept cash, check and e-check, money order, and cashier's check.

Housing | Room and Board Payment Policy

Room and board must be paid along with tuition and fees by the posted payment deadlines for students to be eligible to check-in to the University’s dormitories. If the student chooses to withdraw from housing, they must contact the Office of Residential Life and fill out the necessary forms for the withdrawal to be valid. Refund percentages will be calculated using the same formula/dates as tuition and fees. If a student withdraws from housing or is terminated, the meal plan is turned off, and they will be held responsible for payment of the meal plan.

Refunds

Student refunds generated from excess student aid may be requested after the first day of classes. All financial aid requirements and documentation must be completed and approved before your refund is requested.

To process your refund most efficiently, we require valid bank account information and a current address on file. With this information on file, the refund will be deposited into your checking or savings account. To arrange for direct deposit to your preferred bank account, complete the online authorization form.

Financial Holds

A student who has past due debt to the University will be assessed a Bursar Hold. They will not be permitted to register in any program at the University. Holds are released when payment is received.

Alternative Payment Options

We provide semester Payment Plans and Alternative and Parent PLUS Loans as alternative payment methods. We will work with you to find the best option for you. If you enroll in a Payment Plan with Transact, you will carry a balance until all payments are made. It is the responsibility of the student to verify that the Plan Amount will pay off their semester balance. Payment Plan accounts are subject to a financial hold at the discretion of the University.

Returned or Nonsufficient (NSF) Payments

If you submit a payment for tuition and fees that is returned by your bank for nonpayment, the payment will be reversed and you will incur