https://www.cui.edu/giving/honor-roll/2022
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Giving

|

2022 Honor Roll of Donors

Donor Categories 
Contact Us
Give Now
2022 HONOR ROLL OF DONORS
Concordia University Irvine
EXPLORE 
Thank You, Donors!

On behalf of the students, faculty, and staff, it is an honor to express our sincere appreciation to these individuals, companies, organizations, and churches. As partners in our ministry, they help make Concordia University Irvine one of America's finest regional liberal arts colleges. This Honor Roll of Donors reflects the value of gifts received between July 1, 2021, and June 30, 2022.

Looking for someone specifically?
DONORS BY YEAR ‌
Donor Categories
Alumni
Art Patrons
Congregations & Religious Organizations
Corporations & Organizations
Eagle Athletic Club
Estate Gifts
Faculty & Staff Giving
Friends of Concordia
Gift in Kind
Graduates of the Last Decade (GOLD)
Great Commission Society
Music Patrons
Pacesetters
Theatre Patrons
Volunteers
Concordia Annual Report
Fiscal Year 2022 at a Glance

As we look at the past fiscal year, we are reminded of a good and gracious God and our many generous donors! Despite the challenges of the global pandemic, Concordia has much to celebrate. These pages list just some of the names of the people and institutions that gave so generously to support our University and its mission between July 1, 2021, and June 30, 2022.

FY22 was the first full fiscal year following the conclusion of the historic Forward in Faith campaign. While it is not uncommon to see a dip in philanthropy after a campaign, Concordia bucked the trend and had an historic year.  Thanks be to God!
The total number of donors rose by 10%.  Donor retention from the previous fiscal year rose by 8% and the number of new donors increased 12%.  These are all good metrics that helped shape a strong year as donors invested in our students. By June 30th, over 5,550 gifts were made by 2,402 donors. The median gift size was $100.
Total philanthropic support for the fiscal year reached a record-setting $27.9M!

In any given year, these successes would be an amazing blessing.  Following a campaign, we can only say “God is good!”  Here are a few more highlights of the year.

Concordia produced made-for-tv Christmas specials that aired locally and nationally on PBS and included songs from the 2019 and 2020 Christmas concerts.
Concordia’s softball team, under the leadership of Coach Athletic Director Crystal Rosenthal ’00, MA ’06, set records.  Crystal won her 600th game and won the Game Changer Award from the Greater Irvine Chamber.  The team held the #1 ranking for a while!
The Concordia Endowment distributed over $1M for the first time.  As of June it was valued at $55M.  Several large gifts helped offset the market recent declines.  By comparison, about a decade ago, the endowment value was $8M.

As you look through this year’s Honor Roll, give thanks for the donors who are helping shape the destiny of our students. By sharing God’s blessings with Concordia, you are helping provide the Concordia Experience to our students as they pursue their passions and explore their vocations.

Give Where Your Passion Is

Learn how donors found a way to commit to their passion and share their heart with the Concordia community.

Giving in Harmony

Herb and Kiu Geisler, long-time fixtures of the Concordia community, have chosen to honor Concordia by including it in their living trust, ensuring continued support for the university's mission and future endeavors.

Read Story 

Science Professor John Kenney Retires

Professor John Kenney, who had a strong hand in building the science programs at Concordia while mentoring countless students and fellow faculty members, is retiring after 22 years – and receiving an outpouring of appreciation.

Read Story 

Generation Giving: The Gueberts Donor Feature

Concordia supporters Tim and Sue Guebert raised brilliant musicians — and laid a foundation of generous giving.

Read Story 

Library Renovation Brings Together Campus Resources

The newly remodeled and renamed Paul and Cathy Schroeder Library & Learning Commons promotes student learning through a new welcome center, writing center, unity center, career and vocation center, as well as enhanced tutoring services and academic advising. The modern, contemporary design will enrich the academic experience of students for years to come.

Read Story 

Giving Campaign Tops $200,000 in One Day

The annual CU Give Back campaign raised more than $200,000 in 24 hours from a record number of donors.

Read Story 

In Good Hands

Concordia supporters Kim and John Alsop have a long history with Concordia and the Lutheran church and — like generations of family before them — are passionate about Christian education.

Read Story 

Heart of a Giver

Jerry Ruud ‘93 followed God’s calling and found fellowship and support at Concordia. Since graduating and pursuing a successful career in sales, Jerry has maintained strong ties with Concordia, fellow alumni, and has created endowments in honor of people important to him from his time as an undergraduate.

Read Story 

LaVeda Carter's Leadership, Long Tenure Celebrated at Retirement

LaVeda Carter, who held many positions and was the quiet, driving engine behind events such as the Gala of Stars, served Christ College/Concordia University Irvine for more than 40 years, as one of its first, and longest-serving employees.

Read Story 

Still Making a difference

Doy Henley, an Orange County businessman and philanthropist, has become a generous donor to Concordia University Irvine in his tenth decade of life, knowing that, “You can’t take it with you,” he says. “You’ve got to invest it the best you know how.”

Read Story 

Honoring the Legacy of Others

When the opportunity came to name rooms in the newly-built Borland-Manske Center, retired Los Angeles City firefighter Mark Howell and his wife Lauri chose to honor numerous people who contributed to their faith and love of music.

Read Story 

The Support Of Family

Siblings Avery, Cash, and Adyson Casteel chose to attend Concordia University Irvine together. Both Gary Casteel, the kids’ grandfather-father, and Claudia Casteel, the kids’ grandmother-mother, were thrilled by the student’s choice. Gary and Claudia own and operate The Shops at Heavenly Village at the popular ski resort in Lake Tahoe, close to where they have lived for 50 years. Along with this, the family has enjoyed traveling often over the years. They have been active in the Lutheran church, where the triplets have been in Lutheran education through preschool into college.

Read Story 

Treating Body & Soul

Miseker Abate walks in a legacy of godliness and care for others that was embodied in her father’s life. For him, it meant becoming a theology professor in their home country of Ethiopia, and then at Concordia Irvine. For Miseker, the path is in the field of medicine. She recently earned her medical degree from UC Irvine and a master’s degree in public health from Harvard University. She heads now to Cornell University for her surgical residency.

Read Story 

God Has a Bigger Shovel

Hank and Dixie Aschbrenner lead by example when it comes to generosity. Since 1994, Hank has worked with Concordia Irvine to raise funds for numerous projects. But Hank doesn’t just raise funds — the Aschbrenners give around 30 percent of their annual income to Lutheran universities and churches, and encourage others to do the same.

Read Story 

Next Gen Golf Apparel

When Ryan Ellis ’03 graduated from Concordia Irvine, he decided not to pursue a career in basketball as his father and sister had done, and instead launched into the clothing industry. Today, Ellis is president of Travis Mathew, the hottest brand in men's apparel for work and play, whose fans include actor Mark Wahlberg, TV celebrity Chris Harrison and dozens of PGA players, surfers and pro athletes.

Read Story 

Shared Blessings

Elayne and Paul Lohr experienced great blessing from their family’s egg business, which they helped grow from a small farm to a 60,000-bird ranch. That blessing has flowed down in their own family, and in thirty-five years of impact at CUI where their generosity has helped build the campus and support students through scholarships.

Read Story 

Innovation and Generosity

Bill and Audrey Dahlgren, long-time CUI supporters, built an industry-leading company and family through a combination of innovation, risk-taking and prayer.

Read Story 

The Business of Giving Back

Chris ’04 and Katherine Pond ’05 came to Concordia Irvine intending to pursue pastoral ministry and school teaching, respectively, but both wound up excelling in the field of business. Though still in their mid-thirties, they have become strong supporters of Concordia Irvine in a variety of ways.

Read Story 

Making a Difference

Not many people outlive their life insurance policies. At 100 years old, CUI donor Virginia Hoffman Slusser just did.

Read Story 

Significant Grants Establish Two New Centers

Two grants totaling more than half a million dollars will allow CUI to streamline and broaden students’ preparation for church leadership, and promote a broader understanding of vocation by exploring connections between faith, work, and economics.

Read Story 

Longtime Supporter Helps Upgrade Eagles Nest

On a mezzanine overlooking the gym is a newly re-designed Eagles Nest, an attractive, glass-enclosed room where CUI hosts special receptions, athletics team meetings, and seating during games. The room’s upgrade came thanks to Phyllis Talmage, a generous donor since 1973.

Read Story 

Sowing Into the Future: Seeds of Faithfulness

In the 1970s, Kelly and Cheryl Keithly heard a pioneering educator named Charles Manske, Concordia’s founding president, speak at their church about the vision for a Lutheran university in Southern California. His presentation inspired the young couple.

Read Story 

"Mighty" Music Inspires Scholarship Support

Ryan ’97 and Lyndsay (Kahler ’96) Ermeling met in the choir at Concordia University Irvine. Two years after graduating, they started the Ein Feste Burg Choral Scholarship to support the choral department and students with financial need.

Read Story 



Previous Story


Next Story
Make a Gift Today
Donor Advised Fund (DAF)
Consider making your gift through a Donor Advised Fund (DAF). Learn more here.

Or log in to your account:

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

