https://www.cui.edu/giving/honor-roll/2022
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Giving

|

2022 Honor Roll of Donors

Donor Categories 
Contact Us
Give Now
2022 HONOR ROLL OF DONORS
Concordia University Irvine
EXPLORE 
Thank You, Donors!

On behalf of the students, faculty, and staff, it is an honor to express our sincere appreciation to these individuals, companies, organizations, and churches. As partners in our ministry, they help make Concordia University Irvine one of America's finest regional liberal arts colleges. This Honor Roll of Donors reflects the value of gifts received between July 1, 2021, and June 30, 2022.

Looking for someone specifically?
DONORS BY YEAR ‌
Donor Categories
Alumni
Art Patrons
Congregations & Religious Organizations
Corporations & Organizations
Eagle Athletic Club
Estate Gifts
Faculty & Staff Giving
Friends of Concordia
Gift in Kind
Graduates of the Last Decade (GOLD)
Great Commission Society
Music Patrons
Pacesetters
Theatre Patrons
Volunteers
Concordia Annual Report
Fiscal Year 2022 at a Glance

As we look at the past fiscal year, we are reminded of a good and gracious God and our many generous donors! Despite the challenges of the global pandemic, Concordia has much to celebrate. These pages list just some of the names of the people and institutions that gave so generously to support our University and its mission between July 1, 2021, and June 30, 2022.

FY22 was the first full fiscal year following the conclusion of the historic Forward in Faith campaign. While it is not uncommon to see a dip in philanthropy after a campaign, Concordia bucked the trend and had an historic year.  Thanks be to God!
The total number of donors rose by 10%.  Donor retention from the previous fiscal year rose by 8% and the number of new donors increased 12%.  These are all good metrics that helped shape a strong year as donors invested in our students. By June 30th, over 5,550 gifts were made by 2,402 donors. The median gift size was $100.
Total philanthropic support for the fiscal year reached a record-setting $27.9M!

In any given year, these successes would be an amazing blessing.  Following a campaign, we can only say “God is good!”  Here are a few more highlights of the year.

Concordia produced made-for-tv Christmas specials that aired locally and nationally on PBS and included songs from the 2019 and 2020 Christmas concerts.
Concordia’s softball team, under the leadership of Coach Athletic Director Crystal Rosenthal ’00, MA ’06, set records.  Crystal won her 600th game and won the Game Changer Award from the Greater Irvine Chamber.  The team held the #1 ranking for a while!
The Concordia Endowment distributed over $1M for the first time.  As of June it was valued at $55M.  Several large gifts helped offset the market recent declines.  By comparison, about a decade ago, the endowment value was $8M.

As you look through this year’s Honor Roll, give thanks for the donors who are helping shape the destiny of our students. By sharing God’s blessings with Concordia, you are helping provide the Concordia Experience to our students as they pursue their passions and explore their vocations.

Give Where Your Passion Is

Learn how donors found a way to commit to their passion and share their heart with the Concordia community.

Giving in Harmony

Herb and Kiu Geisler, long-time fixtures of the Concordia community, have chosen to honor Concordia by including it in their living trust, ensuring continued support for the university's mission and future endeavors.

Read Story 

Science Professor John Kenney Retires

Professor John Kenney, who had a strong hand in building the science programs at Concordia while mentoring countless students and fellow faculty members, is retiring after 22 years – and receiving an outpouring of appreciation.

Read Story 

Generation Giving: The Gueberts Donor Feature

Concordia supporters Tim and Sue Guebert raised brilliant musicians — and laid a foundation of generous giving.

Read Story 

Library Renovation Brings Together Campus Resources

The newly remodeled and renamed Paul and Cathy Schroeder Library & Learning Commons promotes student learning through a new welcome center, writing center, unity center, career and vocation center, as well as enhanced tutoring services and academic advising. The modern, contemporary design will enrich the academic experience of students for years to come.

Read Story 

Giving Campaign Tops $200,000 in One Day

The annual CU Give Back campaign raised more than $200,000 in 24 hours from a record number of donors.

Read Story 

In Good Hands

Concordia supporters Kim and John Alsop have a long history with Concordia and the Lutheran church and — like generations of family before them — are passionate about Christian education.

Read Story 

Heart of a Giver

Jerry Ruud ‘93 followed God’s calling and found fellowship and support at Concordia. Since graduating and pur