https://www.cui.edu/giving/honor-roll/2021
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Giving

|

2021 Honor Roll of Donors

Donor Categories 
Contact Us
GIVE NOW
2021 HONOR ROLL OF DONORS
Concordia University Irvine
EXPLORE 
Thank You, Donors!

On behalf of the students, faculty, and staff, it is an honor to express our sincere appreciation to these individuals, companies, organizations, and churches. As partners in our ministry, they help make Concordia University Irvine one of America's finest regional liberal arts colleges. This Honor Roll of Donors reflects the value of gifts received between July 1, 2020, and June 30, 2021.

Looking for someone specifically?
DONORS BY YEAR ‌
Donor Categories
Alumni
Art Patrons
Business Partners
Congregations & Religious Organizations
Corporations & Organizations
Eagle Athletic Club
Estate Gifts
Faculty & Staff Giving
Friends of Concordia
Gift in Kind
Graduates of the Last Decade (GOLD)
Great Commission Society
Matching Gifts
Music Patrons
Pacesetters
Theatre Patrons
Volunteers
CUI Annual Report
Fiscal Year 2021 at a Glance

As we look at the past fiscal year, we are reminded of a good and gracious God and our many generous donors! Despite the challenges of the global pandemic, Concordia has much to celebrate. These pages list just some of the names of the people and institutions that gave so generously to support our University and its mission between July 1, 2020, and June 30, 2021.

FY21 saw the conclusion of the historic Forward in Faith campaign on December 31, 2020. December 2020 was a flurry of last minute gifts propelling the campaign totals to over $100M. Thanks be to God!
Philanthropy did not pause at the end of the campaign as donors continued to invest in our students. By June 30th, over 4,800 gifts were made by 2,180 donors. The median gift size was $100.
Total philanthropic support for the fiscal year reached a record-setting $17.9M!

In any given year, these successes would be an amazing blessing. Given the ongoing pandemic, it is nothing short of a miracle.  God truly has Concordia in His hands and is watching over us. Here are a few more highlights of the year.

Concordia produced its first made-for-tv Christmas special that aired locally on PBS and included songs from the 2018 Christmas concert at Segerstrom as well as socially-distanced songs recorded in the Borland-Manske Center’s recording studio.
Eagle Athletics, under the leadership of new Athletic Director Crystal Rosenthal ’00, MA ’06, led the league in developing and implementing the PacWest COVID-protocols for athletic practices and competition.
By June, the value of the Concordia Endowment climbed to $55M. By comparison, about a decade ago, the endowment value was $8M.

As you look through this year’s Honor Roll, give thanks for the donors who are helping shape the destiny of our students. By sharing God’s blessings with Concordia, you are helping provide the Concordia Experience to our students as they pursue their passions and explore their vocations.

Give Where Your Passion Is

Learn how donors found a way to commit to their passion and share their heart with the Concordia community.

Giving in Harmony

Herb and Kiu Geisler, long-time fixtures of the Concordia community, have chosen to honor Concordia by including it in their living trust, ensuring continued support for the university's mission and future endeavors.

Read Story 

Science Professor John Kenney Retires

Professor John Kenney, who had a strong hand in building the science programs at Concordia while mentoring countless students and fellow faculty members, is retiring after 22 years – and receiving an outpouring of appreciation.

Read Story 

Generation Giving: The Gueberts Donor Feature

Concordia supporters Tim and Sue Guebert raised brilliant musicians — and laid a foundation of generous giving.

Read Story 

Library Renovation Brings Together Campus Resources

The newly remodeled and renamed Paul and Cathy Schroeder Library & Learning Commons promotes student learning through a new welcome center, writing center, unity center, career and vocation center, as well as enhanced tutoring services and academic advising. The modern, contemporary design will enrich the academic experience of students for years to come.

Read Story 

Giving Campaign Tops $200,000 in One Day

The annual CU Give Back campaign raised more than $200,000 in 24 hours from a record number of donors.

Read Story 

In Good Hands

Concordia supporters Kim and John Alsop have a long history with Concordia and the Lutheran church and — like generations of family before them — are passionate about Christian education.

Read Story 

Heart of a Giver

Jerry Ruud ‘93 followed God’s calling and found fellowship and support at Concordia. Since graduating and pursuing a successful career in sales, Jerry has maintained strong ties with Concordia, fellow alumni, and has created endowments in honor of peopl