https://www.cui.edu/giving/honor-roll/2020
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Giving

|

2021 Honor Roll of Donors

Donor Categories 
Contact Us
GIVE NOW
2020 HONOR ROLL OF DONORS
Concordia University Irvine
EXPLORE 
Thank You, Donors!

On behalf of the students, faculty, and staff, it is an honor to express our sincere appreciation to these individuals, companies, organizations, and churches. As partners in our ministry, they help make Concordia University Irvine one of America's finest regional liberal arts colleges. This Honor Roll of Donors reflects the value of gifts received July 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020.

Looking for someone specifically?
DONORS BY YEAR ‌
Donor Categories
Alumni
Art Patrons
Business Partners
Called to Glory
Center for US Missions
Congregations & Religious Organizations
Corporations & Organization
Eagle Club
Endowments
Estate Gifts
Faculty & Staff Giving
Friends of Concordia
Great Commission Society
In Memory/Honor of
Music Patrons
Pacesetters
Theatre Patrons
Volunteers
CUI Annual Report
Fiscal Year 2020 at a Glance

As we look at the past fiscal year, despite the challenges set before us as a result of a global pandemic, we have much to celebrate.  These pages list just some of the names of the people and institutions that gave so generously to support our University and its mission between July 1, 2019, and June 30, 2020.

FY20 started quietly, but in August we celebrated the university’s first-ever $1M+ stock gift.  Additional million dollar gifts or estate pledges followed in October, December, January, and two in June. 
Over 5,700 gifts were made, with a median gift size of $83.34.  (We are grateful to those donors who give $83.34 a month for twelve months for a total gift of $1,000!)
By June 30, 2020, total philanthropic support for the fiscal year reached a record-setting $15M!

In any given year, these successes would be an amazing blessing.  Given that Concordia was able to set records in a year that included its own presidential transition and all of the challenges of COVID-19, it is nothing short of a miracle.  God truly has Concordia in His hands and is watching over us.  Here are a few more highlights of the year. 

Dr. Michael Thomas was elected in October and inaugurated in February as Concordia’s 5th president.
In January, Forward in Faith—The Campaign for Concordia exceeded expectations and surpassed its $85M goal, more than 11 months ahead of schedule. The scope and impact of this campaign speaks not only to our historical roots, but also to the point of strength at which we find ourselves today and the bright hope of our future.  The total raised will be announced after the Campaign concludes on December 31st.  
In March, as COVID restrictions took over, students were asked to move home, although about 70 who had no place to go or no way to get home remained on campus.  In the span of three days, the Concordia Experience became virtual, with online classes and the vast majority of staff working remotely.
Funding for the field lights was secured.  These lights will transform the practice, competition, and academic schedules of our student-athletes, and expand the recreational time available to all students.
By June, the value of the Concordia Endowment climbed to nearly $41M.  By comparison, just over a decade ago, the endowment value was $8M.

As you look through this year’s Honor Roll, rejoice with us over what’s ahead as we move Forward in Faith. The foundation you have helped us to lay has become the launching pad for even greater things to come at Concordia University Irvine.

Give Where Your Passion Is

Learn how donors found a way to commit to their passion and share their heart with the Concordia community.

Giving in Harmony

Herb and Kiu Geisler, long-time fixtures of the Concordia community, have chosen to honor Concordia by including it in their living trust, ensuring continued support for the university's mission and future endeavors.

Read Story 

Science Professor John Kenney Retires

Professor John Kenney, who had a strong hand in building the science programs at Concordia while mentoring countless students and fellow faculty members, is retiring after 22 years – and receiving an outpouring of appreciation.

Read Story 

Generation Giving: The Gueberts Donor Feature

Concordia supporters Tim and Sue Guebert raised brilliant musicians — and laid a foundation of generous giving.

Read Story 

Library Renovation Brings Together Campus Resources

The newly remodeled and renamed Paul and Cathy Schroeder Library & Learning Commons promotes student learning through a new welcome center, writing center, unity center, career and vocation center, as well as enhanced tutoring services and academic advising. The modern, contemporary design will enrich the academic experience of students for years to come.

Read Story 

Giving Campaign Tops $200,000 in One Day

The annual CU Give Back campaign 