https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/music/more/alumni-story/music-from-the-soul
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Music Major
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Minors 
Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
Music From The Soul
Gretchen Sheetz '14

Concordia University Irvine won me over during a campus visit where I met genuinely welcoming students and professors who cared about my future as an individual, not just as a number.

Concordia’s intimate music program allowed me to experience numerous opportunities. I played in orchestra, wind ensemble, and chamber groups; I was asked to accompany choirs, perform for musical theatre shows, and participate in various worship teams, all new experiences for me. I also had the privilege of singing with the Concordia Choir and an a cappella group, furthering my comprehension of what it means to be an ensemble musician.

Because the program was small, I became fast friends with my peers in a variety of musical disciplines. We received private lessons from some of the best musicians in Southern California. My music professors became mentors to whom I could look for advice and who challenged me to always be better than my best.

Studying at a liberal arts school taught me to balance an intense academic schedule with daily rehearsals, practice time, and concerts. I cannot think of a better way to become prepared for a professional music career, in which one must manage freelance gigs, business matters, and often multiple jobs and other commitments.

It is because of my alma mater that I aspire to be an excellent player, and a person of character and kindness whose music emanates from the soul."

I am currently pursuing my master’s degree in harp performance on scholarship at The Boston Conservatory. God truly opened the doors for me to continue my music education at this next level; I have Concordia to thank for preparing me. It is because of my alma mater that I aspire to be an excellent player, and a person of character and kindness whose music emanates from the soul.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

