https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/events/all-is-bright-a-concordia-christmas
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Concordia Christmas
Advent
Past Events
DECEMBER 22-25, 2020
All is Bright: A Concordia Christmas
All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas

The hour-long broadcast premiered on Tuesday, December 22 at 8:00 PM on PBS SoCal.

The made-for-TV Christmas concerts featured music produced in the recording studios of Concordia University Irvine’s newest building, the Borland-Manske Center, as well as footage from a 2018 Concordia concert at Segerstrom Hall. The narrated special includes arrangements of favorite Christmas carols by students, soloists, as well as Americana, jazz, and commercial ensembles. Concordia’s choirs, orchestras, and handbells also performed. Filmed on the campus of Concordia Irvine and throughout Orange County, the special includes a Christmas message, as well as a tribute to essential workers.

We approached PBS SoCal to discuss producing new Christmas content for them...the producer was very supportive to us through this entire process.

Rev. Bil Hood, MA '19

READ MORE

All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas - "Sweet Little Jesus Boy"
All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas - "Infant Holy, Infant Lowly"
All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas - "Shepherd's Song at Christmas"
All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas - "Silent Night"
All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas - "Lux Aurumqe"
All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas - "O, Holy Night"
All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas - "He Is Born"
All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas - "Joy To The World"
Sing-Along Christmas Carols

The Concordia Sinfonietta, under the direction of Jeff Held, offers four simple carol settings for online church and home use. Each video contains several verses of the carol and overlays lyrics so that viewers may sing along or reflect on the words. Churches may freely distribute these as part of an online worship service. All carols and lyrics are in the public domain. The Sinfonietta offers their performance as a gift of music ministry.

The First Noel
Now Sing We, Now Rejoice
Once in Royal David's City
Away in a Manger
VIEW PLAYLIST


Photos from Segerstrom Concert Hall taken prior to COVID-19.

All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas is brought to you by:
Golden State Foods

Feeding 5 Billion People Every Day

And by a generous donation from:

Charlie and Ling Zhang

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

