erts, scholars and authors as well as music from “Convention: The Birth of America.”

Events: 2023 Constitution Week at CUI

For a preliminary preview of Constitution Week at CUI, see below and watch for details to be added during the summer.

Sunday, September 17
5:00 – 7:00 pm | Constitution on the Green
Lively patriotic music, food and fun for the CUI family
Outdoors by the CUI Center
More details to come!

Monday, September 18
7:00 – 8:00 pm | Convocation Speaker
Details to come!

Tuesday, September 19
12:00 – 1:30 pm | Interview with George Washington
During his second visit to CUI, General George Washington will discuss his role as President of the Constitutional Convention, his views about other delegates, why he believed we needed a constitution, and much more!
Location TBD

Wednesday, September 20
5:30 – 6:30 p.m. | Debate
Professor Bryan Santin and former President of Concordia New York John Nunes will debate “Is the Constitution Worth Saving?” Each debater will take both sides of the debate in this probing and thought-provoking exchange
Location TBD

Friday, September 22
5:30 – 6:30 p.m. | Pizza and Constitutional Trivia Night
Enjoy pizza and pie as you test your knowledge about the Constitution, including the Bill of Rights and additional sixteen amendments, the Founding Fathers, and how the Constitution was created
Prizes for the winners!

Tuesday - Wednesday
Engage with the Constitution at the Constitution Week kiosk in front of the cafeteria for quizzes, games, online signing of the Constitution, puzzles, free pocket-sized Constitutions and more. Does your political philosophy align with Alexander Hamilton? Thomas Jefferson? John Adams? Benjamin Franklin? James Madison? Come to the kiosk and find out…and take the Constitution Quiz.

Sunday - Saturday
Visit the CUI library for a display and link to resources about the creation and ratification of the Constitution, the men who drafted it, how it is interpreted and how it has changed over time.

Watch this site for updates and additional events and activities.

CUI Constitutional Essay Contest
CUI Center for Civics Education | CUI Departments of English | CUI History and Political Thought

We are pleased to announce the second Essay Contest on the United States Constitution for the purpose of engaging CUI students with the United States Constitution, its underlying principles and purposes as well as its role as “the supreme law of the land.” The author of the first-place essay will receive $1000 and publication of the essay or excerpts on various websites and publications. The author of the second-place essay will receive $500.

Essay Contest Question

Contestants may choose one of three questions. See below. Choose only one question.

Contest Rules
DEADLINE: All essays must be received by 11:00 p.m. (Pacific Time) on Friday, September 8, 2023. Essays must be submitted to JoEllen.Chatham@cui.edu.
ELIGIBILITY: All currently enrolled CUI undergraduate students are eligible to participate. Submissions must include the author’s:
Name
Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Class (freshman, sophomore, etc.)
Major
Essay Requirements
By submitting an essay, you are declaring that it is an original work. Primary and secondary sources may be included if properly attributed, but the essay must be your own original work.
By submitting an essay, you are giving your consent to have the essay and/or excerpts published either online or in hard copy publications.
Each essay must be double-spaced, between 1000 – 1250 words (4 – 5 pages) and submitted in Times New Roman, 12-pont font.
All essays must be submitted in English.
Essay Adjudication
Upon receipt, each essay will be assigned a number. Judges will not know the identity of authors until final judging has been completed.
Contest judges will include CUI faculty representing the Departments English and History and Political Thought and at least one public member with expertise in subjects relevant to the essay questions.
Prizes

The prize for the best essay is $1000 U.S. The prize for the second-best essay is $500 U.S. The entire essay and/or excerpts of the winning essay will be published online and/or in hard copy publications.

Essay Questions

Submit questions to Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham at JoEllen.Chatham@cui.edu.

CUI Essay Contest on the Constitution: Choose ONE of three essay questions.
Amending the Constitution. Since the Constitution of the United States was put into operation on March 4, 1789, nearly 12,000 amendments have been proposed in Congress. Only thirty-three were sent to the States for ratification. Of those, twenty-seven have been ratified and become part of the Constitution. The first Congress proposed and sent to the states for ratification twelve amendments, ten of which were ratified and became known as the Bill of Rights. One of the two remaining original proposals was ratified in 1992 and is listed as the Twenty-seventh Amendment. If you could propose an amendment to the Constitution, what 