 prize for the best essay is $1000 U.S. The prize for the second-best essay is $500 U.S. The entire essay and/or excerpts of the winning essay will be published online and/or in hard copy publications.

Essay Questions

Submit questions to Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham at JoEllen.Chatham@cui.edu.

CUI Essay Contest on the Constitution: Choose ONE of three essay questions.
Amending the Constitution. Since the Constitution of the United States was put into operation on March 4, 1789, nearly 12,000 amendments have been proposed in Congress. Only thirty-three were sent to the States for ratification. Of those, twenty-seven have been ratified and become part of the Constitution. The first Congress proposed and sent to the states for ratification twelve amendments, ten of which were ratified and became known as the Bill of Rights. One of the two remaining original proposals was ratified in 1992 and is listed as the Twenty-seventh Amendment. If you could propose an amendment to the Constitution, what would it be and why would you propose it? What other parts of the Constitution, if any, would be affected by your amendment? What impact would your proposed amendment have on the power of government and/or the rights of the people?
The First Amendment and Free Speech. The First Amendment prohibits Congress from making laws abridging the freedom of speech. The Supreme Court has interpreted the Fourteenth Amendment to apply First Amendment prohibitions to the states as well. However, freedom of speech is not unlimited. Speech that actively incites violence or creates imminent danger is not protected. In recent years, there have been calls prohibit “hate” speech. Such speech is not defined in United States law, but a United Nations memorandum has defined hate speech as “any kind of communication in speech, writing or behavior, that attacks or uses pejorative or discriminatory language with reference to a person or a group on the basis of who they are, in other words, based on their religion, ethnicity, nationality, race, color, descent, gender or other identity factor.” Should laws against hate speech be supported? If so, how should hate speech be defined and who should decide? If not, why not and what are the ramifications of banning hate speech? In your essay, consider the overall value of free speech and implications of limiting any form of speech.
Executive Authority. The President and some members of Congress advocate forgiving all or a portion of student loans. The estimated cost could be approximately $400 billion. The debate centers on many differences of opinion regarding 1) transfer of wealth from taxpayers to people who borrowed money to go to college; 2) whether the President has the power to make such a decision; and 3) the overall economic and social benefits of student loan forgiveness. The issue has been argued before the United States Supreme Court; its decision is expected in June or July. Do you support or oppose student loan forgiveness? In your answer, address the three issues listed above. If you write your essay after the Supreme Court’s decision is published, you might want to read the decision and consider arguments presented by the majority of judges and those presented by the minority (assuming that the decision will not be unanimous).
Constitution Week Resources

To create your own Constitution Day for your family, friends, clubs or other groups, you can find creative ideas and resources here:

National Today - Constitution Day

Constitution Day

Constitution Day Survey

National Archives - Constitution Day

PBS - Constitution Day, Civic Empowerment, and Active Citizenship Lesson Plan

Daughters of the American Revolution - Constitution Week

Connect with the Center of Civics Education
 
 

For more information, please contact the Director:

Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham
Director, Center for Civics Education
JoEllen.Chatham@cui.edu
949-214-3200

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

