https://www.cui.edu/centers-institutes/center-public-policy/constitution-week
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Center for Civics Education

About
Documents
Resources
Blog
Programs
Constitution Week
Becoming America
Beyond Degrees
Donate
Contact 
CONSTITUTION WEEK
Center for Civics Education
Constitution Week
Those who expect to be both ignorant and free, expect what never was and never will be.

- Thomas Jefferson

Why Constitution Week?

The Preamble to the United States Constitution states that “We the people of the United States…do ordain and establish this Constitution.” That means US…you and me, along with more than 332,000,000 other Americans. The Constitution entrusts the ultimate power of government to the people through the electoral process and a structure of government based on popular sovereignty, republicanism, limited government, federalism, separation of powers, checks and balances and individual liberty.

In four pages containing only 4,400 words, the Constitution is the oldest written constitution as well as the shortest written constitution in the world. It has been amended only twenty-seven times since being ratified in 1788 and has influenced the constitutions of more than 150 other nations.

Article VI of the Constitution declares the “the Constitution, and the laws of the United States which shall be made in pursuance thereof; and all treaties made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the land.”

Sadly, a majority of Americans are woefully ignorant of the Constitution, yet it is the “supreme law of the land” and “we the people” are sovereign. How can a viable government by the people, of the people, and for the people be sustained if the people are ignorant of how that government works?

Using questions from the simple civics test required of all immigrants seeking United States citizenship, the Woodrow Wilson Foundation surveyed nearly 50,000 Americans in all fifty states. In only one state, Vermont, was a majority of those surveyed able to pass that test. Eighty percent of seniors at our most elite institutions of higher education cannot pass a basic high school history test.

On September 17, 1787, a convention of fifty-five delegates representing twelve of the original thirteen states adjourned after drafting a new Constitution for the United States. It became “the supreme law of the land” upon ratification by New Hampshire on June 21, 1788. September 17 is now celebrated as Constitution Day. The week in which September 17 occurs is known as Constitution Week.

While understanding our Constitution, the government it created and the rights and responsibilities of citizens should be a continuing effort, Constitution Week provides a perfect opportunity to focus our local and national attention on these important topics and refresh our knowledge about and commitment to government by "we the people."

Constitution Week at Concordia

Each year the Center for Civics Education at Concordia University Irvine commemorates Constitution Week by collaborating with the ASCUI, the Veterans’ Resource Center, the Department of History and Political Thought and other campus organizations. Our goals are to inform, inspire and involve students, faculty and staff regarding the “supreme law of the land” and our rights and responsibilities as citizens – we the people.

The Center recently co-sponsored with the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum a series of eighteen lectures on the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution and the Bill of Rights and remaining amendments. Featuring professors from Concordia University Irvine and California State University, you can watch the lectures here.

To learn more about the Constitutional Convention of 1787, the men who drafted the Constitution and the times in which they lived, you can watch here for a series of lively conversations with experts, scholars and authors as well as music from “Convention: The Birth of America.”

Events: 2023 Constitution Week at CUI

For a preliminary preview of Constitution Week at CUI, see below and watch for details to be added during the summer.

Sunday, September 17
5:00 – 7:00 pm | Constitution on the Green
Lively patriotic music, food and fun for the CUI family
Outdoors by the CUI Center
More details to come!

Monday, September 18
7:00 – 8:00 pm | Convocation Speaker
Details to come!

Tuesday, September 19
12:00 – 1:30 pm | Interview with George Washington
During his second visit to CUI, General George Washington will discuss his role as President of the Constitutional Convention, his views about other delegates, why he believed we needed a constitution, and much more!
Location TBD

Wednesday, September 20
5:30 – 6:30 p.m. | Debate
Professor Bryan Santin and former President of Concordia New York John Nunes will debate “Is the Constitution Worth Saving?” Each debater will take both sid