h Curry.

 

 

 

 

Keith Curry on the Cox OC Connection


 

Concordia Students and Keith Curry in Sacramento

Concordia students Jachin Anrig, Joseph Deverian, and Shannon Meridith, along with Center for Civics Education Director, Keith Curry, visit the California senate and assembly floors with Senator Mimi Walters and Assemblyman Don Wagner.



 
We Need To Protect Proposition 13

For more than 35 years, Proposition 13 has protected California homeowners and taxpayers. While our sales and income taxes have risen to be the highest in the nation, property taxes remain constrained and more importantly, predictable to each property owner.

Residents can anticipate their base property taxes will be 1% of their assessed valuation and will rise at no more than 2% per year. Prior to Proposition 13 the average tax rate was 2.67%. In addition, homes were revalued frequently and it was not uncommon during times of rapid property inflation to see property taxes nearly double due to reassessment. This was particularly devastating to seniors and those on fixed income. Tens of thousands of residents in our coastal communities are “house rich-cash poor” and risked being literally taxed out of their homes.

Recently, local elected officials were solicited by a San Francisco-based organization called “Evolve,” drumming up support for an effort to change Proposition 13 by reducing or eliminating its protections for commercial properties. This would represent a $6 billion tax increase with money going to local governments throughout the state. Already, more than 20 local governments and school districts have answered this siren song to raise taxes. The proponents make it enticing by telling homeowners that they will not pay, but when we raise taxes on commercial properties, we all pay. This $6 billion tax increase will show itself in higher rents as building owners recoup the taxes from their tenants. It will result in higher prices as shop and business owners get hit with higher occupancy costs and it will further exacerbate the disadvantages of brick and mortar stores that compete with internet retailers resulting in more store vacancies on the main streets of our state.

Perhaps the biggest impact will be in increased unemployment. Pepperdine University estimates that the so-called “split roll” will result in a loss of 390,000 California jobs initially and the continued loss of 100,000 jobs each year thereafter. Make no mistake, if the high tax lobby can split homeowners and commercial property owners now, they will be back soon to raise taxes on residential properties in the future.

Since the passage of Proposition 13, local governments have survived and thrived. The State is prohibited from taking local revenues, so there is no need for a $6 billion tax increase to fund more government. We should all respond with a resounding NO to this San Francisco-based tax grab.
Keith Curry is a council member and former mayor of Newport Beach. He is also Director of the Center for Civics Education at Concordia University.

Remembering JFK

Remembering JFK and the Courage to Compromise in the OC Register and The Daily Pilot.

Governing California

A Symposium on Solutions for the 21st Century.

SUMMARY REPORT[PDF]

Concordia Participates in Global Outsourcing Summit

Read more about the Global Outsourcing Summit by clicking the button below.

OUTSOURCING ARTICLE[PDF]

Concordia's Director of the Center for Civics Education Keith Curry to Lead Association of California Cities for OC

Keith Curry was installed Thursday as the President of the Association of California Cities, Orange County. The association represents Orange County cities and promotes innovation, information sharing, and fiscal stability among cities. Curry also received the Association’s Collaborative Public Policy Award for his leadership as Chairman of the Association’s Local Government Innovation Committee.

READ FULL ARTICLE

Concordia Center for Civics Education hosts Orange County Mayors

L-R Orange County Mayors meet at Concordia: Gary Miller, Seal Beach, Al Murray, Tustin, Prakash Narain, Cypress, Steven Choi, Irvine, Keith Curry, Director of the Center for Civics Education and Newport Beach, Bob Foster, featured speaker and Mayor of Long Beach, Beth Swift, Buena Park, Jim Righeimer, Costa Mesa, Tom Tait, Anaheim, Tri Ta, Westminster, Ron Garcia, Brea.

The Concordia Center for Civics Education hosted a summit of mayors from Orange County cities to discuss the issues and challenges facing mayors in today’s economic climate. Long Beach Mayor Bob Foster was the featured speaker as the mayors tackled issues such as pension reform, labor negotiations, economic development and building consensus among local city council members. “Mayors are the real innovators for government reform and improved public services” said Director of the Center for Civics Education Keith Curry, who also serves as the mayor of Newport Beach. “All of my colleagues appreciated the oppo