unty Mayors

L-R Orange County Mayors meet at Concordia: Gary Miller, Seal Beach, Al Murray, Tustin, Prakash Narain, Cypress, Steven Choi, Irvine, Keith Curry, Director of the Center for Civics Education and Newport Beach, Bob Foster, featured speaker and Mayor of Long Beach, Beth Swift, Buena Park, Jim Righeimer, Costa Mesa, Tom Tait, Anaheim, Tri Ta, Westminster, Ron Garcia, Brea.

The Concordia Center for Civics Education hosted a summit of mayors from Orange County cities to discuss the issues and challenges facing mayors in today’s economic climate. Long Beach Mayor Bob Foster was the featured speaker as the mayors tackled issues such as pension reform, labor negotiations, economic development and building consensus among local city council members. “Mayors are the real innovators for government reform and improved public services” said Director of the Center for Civics Education Keith Curry, who also serves as the mayor of Newport Beach. “All of my colleagues appreciated the opportunity to get together and share the challenges that face each of our cities,” Curry continued.

The Mayors Summit was one of a continuing series of programs offered by the Center in 2013 focused on the theme “Can California Come Back?”

 

Concordia Students visit Sacramento
 

Director of the Center for Civics Education Keith Curry, Jachin Anrig, State Senator Mimi Walters, Keane Anrig and Sean Rhyme on the floor of the California State Senate during the recent Legislative Seminar. Concordia students joined nearly 100 students from other California universities to hear firsthand from legislators, state constitutional officers, lobbyists, journalists, and staff members on the workings of the California state government. For the full story from the Concordia Courier, please click the button below.

READ FULL STORY



 
DUI Summit

READ THE OC REGISTER ARTICLE

The Daily Pilot

COMMENTARY: THE STATE OF OUR CITY IS STRONG

OUTLOOK IS SUNNY FOR NEWPORT

Speak Up Newport Mayor's Dinner 2013

Read Mayor Keith D. Curry's full speech below.

READ FULL SPEECH

Concordia and USC Host Program on California Governance

Read the official press release below.

READ THE OFFICIAL PRESS RELEASE

Concordia Announces Government Technology Forum

Irvine, CA - The Concordia University Center for Civics Education announced the lineup for its "Government Technology Forum," to be held June 22, 2012. Geoffrey Moore, author, business consultant and venture capitalist will serve as the keynote speaker at the Forum with concepts from his recent book Escape Velocity. Moore's book lays out a comprehensive strategy for engaging with next-generation trends while maintaining core franchises.

In addition to Moore, the program will feature Tim Britt, Chief Executive Officer of Synoptek, who will introduce ten trends in public agency technology. A panel of state, county and city technology leaders will round out the forum, sharing their strategies for changing the way technology is used in government. The panel participants include thought leaders from Los Angeles, Riverside, Mountain View and the state of Montana, who have each led the charge in creating a new vision for using technology in government with limited resources.

The half-day program is designed to equip public sector managers and elected officials in responding and adapting to the changing public technology environment to enhance services, reduce cost and improve efficiency. "This is the third installment of our programs designed to improve government performance and efficiency," said Center Director Keith Curry. "I am very proud of the quality of the speakers and the practical and timely content of this program," he continued

"Today's public agency IT management approach is rapidly falling behind in its ability to deliver services to stakeholder departments and constituents," said Britt of Synoptek, sponsor of the program. "This forum will equip public sector managers to address the key decisions necessary to manage the transition to the next generation of technology and will enable elected officials to frame key questions."

The program will take place at the offices of the Irvine Ranch Water District, 15600 Sand Canyon Avenue in Irvine from 8:30 a.m.-12 noon. For reservations call 949 214-3200 or www.cui.edu/cpp.

Concordia Students Visit State Capitol

Quote from State Senator Tom Harman

This week, I was pleased to welcome to the Senate Floor, Keith Curry, the Director of the Concordia University Center for Civics Education, Keene Anrig (age 22) and Jason Lyle (age 21), undergraduates at Concordia University. Concordia University is located in Irvine.

Keene and Jason are active competitors for the University's award-winning forensics program. As such, they were in Sacramento this week participating in the annual Sacramento Legislative Seminar sponsored by Loyola Marymount University.

Keith Curry is a former Mayor of Newport Beach. He currently serves as the Vice Chairman of the Orange C