https://www.cui.edu/centers-institutes/center-public-policy/index/id/22047
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Center for Civics Education

About
Documents
Resources
Blog
Programs
Constitution Week
Becoming America
Beyond Degrees
Donate
Contact 
 
News and Commentary
 
Congressional Representatives Visit Campus

Orange County congressional representatives Rep. Katie Porter and Rep. Michelle Steel were invited to two town hall meetings sponsored by Concordia’s Center for Civics Education. The students were actively engaged in the event and were able to learn more about each candidate and their platforms.

VIEW POST »

 

Constitution Week Comes to Campus

A week-long celebration of the Constitution on the CUI campus. “The U.S. Constitution is so important to our country, but many don’t know anything about it,” says co-organizer Ryan Jones, ASCUI president and a senior going into Lutheran elementary education. “How do we get college-age people to want to learn more about it and say, ‘This matters—this is what we’re founded on’?”

VIEW POST »

 

Jo Ellen Chatham Appointed as Director of the Center for Civics Education

On February 29, 2016, Concordia University Irvine announced the appointment of Jo Ellen Chatham, Ph.D., as director for The Center for Civics Education. As director, Chatham will advance the CPP’s mission, which is dedicated to promoting civil dialogue, encouraging public engagement, and serving as a forum for research and discussion on public policy issues facing Orange County and California. Chatham succeeds Keith Curry, who headed The Center for Civics Education for five years. Curry will remain as professor, teaching public policy and leadership in the university’s School of Business and Economics MBA program and will continue serving as a CPP Board member. The Center for Civics Education was established in 2011 by Curry.

VIEW THE PRESS RELEASE>>

Keith Curry Reflects on His Public Service and the Current State of Politics

Newport Beach City Councilman Keith Curry is no stranger to politics and public service, beginning his foray at the ripe old age of 13! Since then, he has served in a variety of capacities, including in the administration of then-President Ronald Reagan as Special Assistant to the Federal Transit Administrator. Since then, he has served as Mayor and Councilman of Newport Beach since 2006, endeavoring and succeeding in righting the city's fiscal ship on a course of sustainability. A policy expert and seasoned political veteran, Keith has a thing or two to say about California's and the US's current state of affairs.

LISTEN TO KEITH CURRY ON OC TALK RADIO

Concordia Event Honors Legacy of Naturalist John Muir

On March 20, 2015, Concordia's Center for Civics Education hosted an event in remembrance of the 1800's wilderness preservation advocate John Muir, who passed away 100 years ago.

Read the full article from the Concordia Courier by clicking the button below.

READ ARTICLE

Concordia Center for Civics Education hosts Orange County Mayor's Summit

On February 20, 2015, the Center for Civics Education hosted the 2015 Orange County Mayor's Summit featuring Rick Cole, Deputy Mayor of Los Angeles for Budget and Innovation.


 

Concordia Students and Keith Curry in Sacramento

Concordia students were recognized on the floor of the California State Senate during the 59th annual University Sacramento Seminar. From left to right: David Rhoads, Michael Shurance, Sherry Jackson, Center for Civics Education Director Keith Curry, state Senator Janet Nguyen, Sharon Davis, Aludith Mayares, Mackenzie Kreinheder and Tina Thompson.


 

Keith Curry Discusses June California Primary Election with California Politicians

Orange County Republican Party Chairman Scott Baugh (R) joins Democratic Party Chairman Henry Vandermeir (L) to discuss the results of the June California primary election with Center for Civics Education Director Keith Curry.

 

 

 

 

Keith Curry on the Cox OC Connection


 

Concordia Students and Keith Curry in Sacramento

Concordia students Jachin Anrig, Joseph Deverian, and Shannon Meridith, along with Center for Civics Education Director, Keith Curry, visit the California senate and assembly floors with Senator Mimi Walters and Assemblyman Don Wagner.



 
We Need To Protect Proposition 13

For more than 35 years, Proposition 13 has protected California homeowners and taxpayers. While our sales and income taxes have risen to be the highest in the nation, property taxes remain constrained and more importantly, predictable to each property owner.

Residents can anticipate their base property taxes will be 1% of their assessed valuation and will rise at no more than 2% per year. Prior to Proposition 13 the average tax rate was 2.67%. In addition, homes were revalued frequently and it was not uncommon during times of rapid property inflation to see property taxes nearly double due to reassessm