nage the transition to the next generation of technology and will enable elected officials to frame key questions."

The program will take place at the offices of the Irvine Ranch Water District, 15600 Sand Canyon Avenue in Irvine from 8:30 a.m.-12 noon. For reservations call 949 214-3200 or www.cui.edu/cpp.

Concordia Students Visit State Capitol

Quote from State Senator Tom Harman

This week, I was pleased to welcome to the Senate Floor, Keith Curry, the Director of the Concordia University Center for Civics Education, Keene Anrig (age 22) and Jason Lyle (age 21), undergraduates at Concordia University. Concordia University is located in Irvine.

Keene and Jason are active competitors for the University's award-winning forensics program. As such, they were in Sacramento this week participating in the annual Sacramento Legislative Seminar sponsored by Loyola Marymount University.

Keith Curry is a former Mayor of Newport Beach. He currently serves as the Vice Chairman of the Orange County Parks Commission and Vice President of the Association of California Cities Orange County. It was a pleasure introducing these acclaimed members of our community on the Senate Floor.

Article excerpt from the "Concordia Courier"

 
Coming to Grips with Pension Costs

Read about rapidly escalating pension costs and what you can do about it in the March Commentary below.

VIEW MARCH COMMENTARY[PDF]

Concordia to host Harvard Professor

When: March 1, 2012
Contact: Ann Ashmon
949-214-3152
ann.ashmon@cui.edu
Read the official press release below.

VIEW PRESS RELEASE

Shell Games with Tax Dollars

Read about the current controversy in Orange County in the December 17th Concordia Commentary below.

VIEW DECEMBER 17TH CONCORDIA COMMENTARY[PDF]

Student Newspaper Reports on The Center for Civics Education

Read about Curry's vision and the beginnings of the CPP in the December 6th issue of The Concordia Courier below.

VIEW DECEMBER 6TH CONCORDIA COMMENTARY[PDF]

Concordia University Announces New Center for Civics Education

For Immediate Release: Tuesday, October 11, 2011
Contact: Keith Curry, Director of the Center for Civics Education
Phone: (949) 214-3200 (Curry)
Email: keith.curry@cui.edu

Contact: Ann Ashmon, Director of Communications
Phone: (949) 214-3178 (Ashmon)
Email: ann.ashmon@cui.edu

Irvine-Concordia University President Kurt Krueger announced today the formation of the Concordia University Center for Civics Education. The Center will serve as a forum for events, research and strategic partnerships to involve the University in the discussion of contemporary issues facing Orange County public sector leaders. "There is no question that state and local governments are experiencing profound change. I believe our university can play an important role in facilitating the discussion of how that change will impact Orange County and in the preparation of leaders equipped to manage that change in the next decades," said Krueger.

The Center will host forums, symposia, debates and will undertake research to help Orange County officials better understand and address the critical issues facing local decision makers. "We look forward to strategic partnerships with local governments, business, labor, media and both political parties to elevate the level of discussion and to focus on practical answers to the emerging issues of the 21st Century," continued Krueger.

In addition to serving as a forum for public policy discussion, the University is embarking on a strategic initiative to strengthen its course offerings in public administration with a particular emphasis on public finance. The first event for the Center will be an "Annual Report" on the state of Orange County by Board of Supervisors Chairman Bill Campbell to be held on Thursday, November 17, 2011.

Keith Curry, a Newport Beach Council Member and former Mayor, was named Director of the Center. Curry recently retired after a 23 year career as a Managing Director of Public Financial Management, a national public finance consulting and advisory firm. Previously he served in the administration of President Ronald Reagan at the Department of Transportation.

"Our goal is to focus on Orange County as an urban area of more than three million people and to serve as a resource for helping local officials make better decisions. We also aim to prepare students with practical, real world skills needed for today's local governments, with a particular emphasis on public finance," said Curry.

The University also announced a broad-based list of "who's who" in Orange County who will be serving as board members of the Center. The board includes both the chairmen of the Democratic and Republican parties of Orange County, labor leader Nick Berardino and union-critic Supervisor John Moorlach. Also represented are the Orange County business leaders and local elected officials of both parties, including Orange County Supervisor Bill Campbell.

"The board represents the diversity of opinion