https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/commencement/spring-commencement-2022
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar | Commencement

Graduation 
Past Events 
Contact Us
Spring Commencement 2022
In-person Ceremonies at Concordia University Irvine
Friday, May 6, 2022

Baccalaureate Worship Service: 3:30 PM

Saturday, May 7, 2022

Bachelor’s Graduates: Start Times Vary
Master’s Graduates: Start Times Vary
Doctoral Candidates: 8:30 AM

VIEW LIVE-STREAM
 
 
#CUIClassof2022 #CUIGrad
Congratulations, Class of 2022!

We are excited to invite our graduates, to a walk-through experience on Concordia’s main campus, with multiple, simultaneous, and consecutive Commencement ceremonies on Saturday, May 7, 2022.

VIEW LIVE-STREAM

View pre-recorded Commencement greetings from President Michael A. Thomas, student speaker Payton Walter, and Director of Alumni and Family Relations Tamara Sauern '02, MA '18.

WATCH COMMENCEMENT PLAYLIST
Baccalaureate Service
May 6, 2022 at 3:30PM
 CU Center, Concordia University Irvine

This service is for all graduating students their attending family and friends. Following the Baccalaureate Worship Service, individual academic programs may host celebratory events for graduates from those programs. Information regarding these events will be communicated by each academic program.

Conferral of Degree Celebrations
Undergraduate Celebration

Saturday, May 7, 2022

Graduate Celebration

Saturday, May 7, 2022

Doctoral Celebration

Saturday, May 7, 2022

‌
Ceremony Details

Information regarding Commencement will continue to be updated as the graduation committee secures details. Students, please be sure to check your Eagle’s email frequently for the most current information.

Baccalaureate Worship Service

This service is for all graduating students their attending family and friends. Following the Baccalaureate Worship Service, individual academic programs may host celebratory events for graduates from those programs. Information regarding these events will be communicated by each academic program.

Date: May 06, 2022
Time: 3:30pm - 4:30pm
Location: CU Center
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

Spring 2022 Commencement Ceremony

Date: May 7, 2022
Time: 8:45am - 12:00pm
Time slots are available by Reservation
(More information to come)
Location: CU Center
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

Commencement Format

As soon as you arrive on campus, you will be guided through a series of engaging experiences along a route through campus to the stage. Plan for walking approximately half a mile over a period of 30-40 minutes. PLEASE DRESS ACCORDINGLY! Portions of the walkway may be uphill. Graduates will enter the CU Center with their friends and family, walk across the stage, then have professional photos taken.

Two-Vehicle Parking Limit

Due to limited parking availability and venue capacity restrictions, graduates will be allowed to bring two cars with as many guests that can fit safely in that vehicle. The parking pass is in lieu of guest tickets. Your vehicles must be able to fit into a standard size parking stall (no RVs, limos, party-busses, etc.). Parking passes will be issued prior to the event. Vehicles without a parking pass will not be allowed on campus. We will not issue additional passes. Please plan accordingly.

Rain or Shine Event

Regardless of the weather circumstances, the ceremony will be held rain or shine.

Live-Stream

This ceremony will be live-streamed.

Photos

We are pleased to offer GradImages as our photo vendor. Pre-register for photography before the ceremony for 20% off of your order.

Health and Safety Guidelines

Lifting of COVID-related Restrictions:
As of April 1, 2022, the State of California is lifting all COVID-related restrictions on large events. As such, masks are no longer required for guests at large indoor events, regardless of vaccination status. Individuals are welcome to wear masks at Commencement-related activities if they choose to do so.

Commencement plans will be in compliance with the public health guidance issued by the Center for Disease Control, the State of California, and Orange County. We want to ensure the health and wellbeing of our Concordia community and commencement guests are a top priority. We kindly ask that guests and graduates use discretion when considering attending, and follow CDC guidelines for health screening and travel.

Decorum & Celebration Policies

Gown length and style may not be altered. Stoles and hoods may not be customized in any way. Modest personal embellishments are allowed on the cap, but MUST lay flat, cannot extend over the edge, and must be appropriate.

Only CUI-approved regalia (including pins, stoles, cords, and medallions) bestowed at the Undergraduate Academic Achievement ceremony and provided by university-sponsored clubs or CUI Veterans Resource Center may be worn at graduation. Decorative items such as cost