sks at Commencement-related activities if they choose to do so.

Commencement plans will be in compliance with the public health guidance issued by the Center for Disease Control, the State of California, and Orange County. We want to ensure the health and wellbeing of our Concordia community and commencement guests are a top priority. We kindly ask that guests and graduates use discretion when considering attending, and follow CDC guidelines for health screening and travel.

Decorum & Celebration Policies

Gown length and style may not be altered. Stoles and hoods may not be customized in any way. Modest personal embellishments are allowed on the cap, but MUST lay flat, cannot extend over the edge, and must be appropriate.

Only CUI-approved regalia (including pins, stoles, cords, and medallions) bestowed at the Undergraduate Academic Achievement ceremony and provided by university-sponsored clubs or CUI Veterans Resource Center may be worn at graduation. Decorative items such as costume leis, beads, or sashes may only be worn after the ceremony. Balloons, alcohol, glass, noisemakers, firearms, and weapons are not permitted on campus.

Guest Assistance

If your guests require assistance, such as a wheelchair or walker, please let them know they must bring their own. Golf cart rides will be provided for guests who need assistance.

Livestream Options

For friends and relatives who cannot attend in person, the Commencement ceremony will be live-streamed. A link will be made available on the day of the ceremony.

This page is frequently updated as additional information becomes available from the Commencement Committee. Please note that all Commencement events are subject to change in accordance with local, state, and federal guidelines regarding COVID-19. Please contact graduation@cui.edu with your commencement questions.

‌
Hotel and Travel Information

Concordia has partnered with local hotels to give you and your guests a pleasant stay during your celebration. Check back frequently for additional information.

Book a room at the Hilton Inn Irvine/Orange County using this link.

Book a room at the Courtyard Irvine Spectrum before April 15th using this link.

Local Airports

The nearest airport to Concordia is John Wayne Airport, Orange County (SNA).

Other nearby airports include Burbank Airport, Long Beach Airport, Los Angeles International Airport, Ontario International Airport, and San Diego International Airport.

‌
Prepare for Your Big Day

As you look ahead and anticipate walking in Concordia University Irvine’s Commencement Ceremony, preparation begins months in advance, beginning with your application for Graduation. Please see the degree pages for Bachelor’s, Master’s, and Doctoral candidates to learn about deadlines and details.

Regalia

Gowns for Bachelor’s and Master’s Graduates are sized according to height and weight and are ordered according to information provided on the Application for Graduation. Academic regalia is free of charge. Bachelor’s regalia includes a cap, gown, tassel, and stole. Master’s regalia includes a cap, gown, tassel, and hood. Doctoral graduates will order their regalia through Jostens. More information can be found on graduation pages for Bachelor’s, Master’s, and Doctoral candidates.

Graduation Announcements, Class Rings, and Accessories

You may order special Concordia University Irvine branded memorabilia from the Jostens’ website or by calling 800-854-7464. CUI’s Bookstore also has some great alumni gear and diploma frames.

Awards & Academic Achievements
Search 2022 Award Recipients
2022 Outstanding Graduate
Hannah Lorraine Christian

Concordia University Irvine presents this award to one member of each class of graduating seniors. The honoree is chosen by vote of the faculty from a list of students who have demonstrated outstanding qualities in academic and personal achievement.

The criteria for selection are:

Exemplary Christian lifestyle
Active involvement in activities of the student body
Outstanding contributions to the university community
Academic GPA of at least 3.00
School of Business & Economics Departmental Awards 2022
Accounting
Viola Patience O'Neal
Business Data Analytics
Owen Milligan
Finance
Alexander Kitano
International Business
Katie Ann Fajer
Management
Oksana Marie Sosnovsky
Marketing
Madolyn Sauerbreit
Sport Management
Jake Theriault
School of Arts & Sciences Departmental Awards 2022
Behavioral Sciences: Anthropology
Michael Kenneth Ervin
Behavioral Sciences: General
Cailee Alyse Benford
Behavioral Sciences: Psychology
Rachel Tillmann
Behavioral Sciences: Sociology
Kaylee De la Motte
Biology: Bachelor of Science
Parker Hicks
Biology: Bachelor of Arts
Victoria Chau
Chemistry
Emma Parker
Communication Studies: General Communication
Kari Anne Wilhelm
Communication Studies: Mass Communication
Adyson Renee Casteel
Computer Science
Alexander McCune
English
Timothy Stueve
Graphic Design
Stacey Carajean St. Clair
History and Political Thought
Em