ill be solely standing and walking, no sitting, so please plan accordingly. Golf cart rides will be provided for guests who need assistance.

One Vehicle Limit

Due to limited parking availability and venue capacity restrictions, graduates will be issued one parking pass prior to commencement. Only one vehicle per graduate will be permitted. Your vehicle must fit into a standard size parking stall (no RVs, limos, party-busses, etc.). The one-vehicle limit will be strictly enforced; additional vehicles and those without the parking pass will be turned away at the gatehouse. Student transponders will be shut off on the day of Commencement to accommodate the traffic flow. Exceedingly large groups may not be able to enter the venue all at once.

Livestream Options

For friends and relatives who cannot attend in person, the Commencement ceremony on May 8, 2021 will be live-streamed. A link will be made available on the day of the ceremony.

This page is frequently updated as additional information becomes available from the Commencement Committee. Please note that all Commencement events are subject to change in accordance with local, state, and federal guidelines regarding COVID-19. Please contact graduation@cui.edu with your commencement questions.

‌
Hotel and Travel Information

Concordia has partnered with the following local hotels to provide you with the best experience during your visit. Please be sure to read through their cancellation policies before you book.

Courtyard by Marriott Irvine Spectrum
Hilton Garden Inn
Homewood Suites
Hampton Inn & Suites
Holiday Inn Express
Local Airports

The nearest airport to Concordia is John Wayne Airport, Orange County (SNA). Other nearby airports include Burbank Airport, Long Beach Airport, Los Angeles International Airport, Ontario International Airport, and San Diego International Airport.

‌
Prepare for Your Big Day

As you look ahead and anticipate walking in Concordia University Irvine’s Commencement Ceremony, preparation begins months in advance, beginning with your application for Graduation. Please see the degree pages for Bachelor’s, Master’s, and Doctoral candidates to learn about deadlines and details.

Regalia

Gowns for Bachelor's and Master's Graduates are sized according to height and weight and are ordered according to information provided on the Application for Graduation. Academic regalia is free of charge and includes a cap, gown, tassel, and stole. Doctoral graduates will order their regalia through Jostens'. More information can be found on graduation pages for Bachelor's, Master's, and Doctoral candidates.

Graduation Announcements, Class Rings, and Accessories

You may order special Concordia University Irvine branded memorabilia from the Jostens' website or by calling 800-854-7464. CUI’s Bookstore also has some great alumni gear and diploma frames.

Awards & Academic Achievements
Search 2021 Award Recipients
School of Business & Economics Departmental Awards 2021
Accounting
Camden Leptich
Business Data Analytics
Kobe Gall
Finance
Cienah Reed
Healthcare Management
Marisa Renee Stockton
Management
Jessica Ferrara
Marketing
Tyler Haase
Sport Management
Madison Jeanne Hergert
School of Arts & Sciences Departmental Awards 2021
Behavioral Sciences: Anthropology
Micah Marie Rippon
Behavioral Sciences: General
Hannah Marin Hanson
Behavioral Sciences: Psychology
Jamie Seddon
Behavioral Sciences: Sociology
Megan Chelling
Biology: Bachelor of Science
Matthew Tirapelli
Biology: Bachelor of Arts
Michael Abrams
Chemistry
Alexis Orr
Communication Studies: General Communication
Joanna Rivers
Communication Studies: Mass Communication
Melissa Kay Klemsz
English
Cambria Joy Stame
Graphic Design
Marianna Maldonado
History and Political Thought
Jacob Lange
Humanities and Fine Arts
Makenna Myers
International Studies
Breyanna Taylor
Liberal Arts
Kirstie Skogerboe
Mathematics
Ruth Larson
Sarah Louise Simpson
Music: Commercial Music
Nicolo Miguel Arellano Co
Music: Music Education
David Tyler Sussman
Physics
Susan Eschelbach
Psychology
Morgan Schepker
Studio Art
Samantha J. Newport
Theatre: Acting and Directing
Samuel Beeson
Theatre: Design and Technical Production
Carissa Dahlia
School of Education Departmental Awards 2021
Liberal Studies
Zoie Moore
Christ College Departmental Awards 2021
Biblical Languages
Jeffrey Prowten
Christian Education Leadership
Tasha Mahshi
Theology
Dayton Anthony Dangel
Latin Honors 2021*

Students who graduate cum laude have a cumulative grade point average between 3.70 and 3.79. Students who graduate magna cum laude have a cumulative grade point average between 3.8 and 3.89. Students who graduate summa cum laude have a cumulative grade point average above 3.899.

*Cumulative Grade Point Average (G.P.A.) is based on completion of Fall 2020 semester and may change after completion of Spring 2021 semester.

Cum Laude (3.7-3.79 GPA)
Jacob Paul Auringer
Teresa Kehaulani Barbour
Kya Marie Bock
Joshua Brundin
Monique Cervantes
Megan Chelling