https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/commencement/spring-commencement-2021
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar | Commencement

Graduation 
Past Events 
Contact Us
Spring Commencement 2021
Pre-recorded Online Service
Friday, May 7, 2021

Baccalaureate Worship Service: 6:00 PM

In-person Ceremony at Concordia University Irvine
Saturday, May 8, 2021

Bachelor’s Graduates: 8:00 AM
Master’s Graduates: Start Times Vary
Class of 2020 Graduates: 12:15 PM

Saturday, May 15, 2021

Doctoral Candidates: 2:00 PM

VIEW LIVE-STREAM 
 
 
#CUIClassof2021 #CUIGrad
Class of 2021
Photo Gallery



GREEN LINE FAMILY ALBUM GOLD LINE FAMILY ALBUM

A Message of Congratulations

Concordia University Irvine celebrates its 2021 graduates and honorary award recipients. The ceremony includes the conferring of degrees, a welcome from Concordia's alumni association, and student response.

Congratulations, Class of 2021!

We are excited to invite our Bachelor’s and Master’s graduates, along with the Class of 2020, to a walk-through experience on Concordia’s main campus, with multiple, simultaneous, and consecutive Commencement ceremonies on Saturday, May 8, 2021. Doctoral Commencement will be held on Saturday, May 15, 2021 in the CU Center.

CU Arena (Gym) stage*
for MAED, MED, and MA & MS Coaching graduates
VIEW GOLD LINE LIVE-STREAM
CU Center Stage*
for 2021 Undergraduates, MBA, MHA, MA: International Studies, MA: Theology, Townsend Institute, and the Class of 2020
VIEW GREEN LINE LIVE-STREAM

* Be sure to check with your graduate to find out in which venue they are walking.

Baccalaureate Service
May 7, 2021 at 6:00PM

Concordia University Irvine gathers as a community during this worship service to close the 2020-2021 academic year and to celebrate our 2021 graduates. This year’s theme verse: But, above all, continually consider God's kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will also be given to you. Matthew 6:33​ ESV

VIEW BACCALAUREATE SERVICE
Conferral of Degree Celebrations
Undergraduate Celebration

Saturday, May 8, 2021

Graduate Celebration

Saturday, May 8, 2021

Doctoral Celebration

Saturday, May 15, 2021

‌
Ceremony Details

The celebration will be a walk-through experience; there will be no seating at the event.

Photos

We are pleased to offer GradImages as our photo vendor. Pre-register for photography before the ceremony for 20% off of your order.

Health and Safety Guidelines

Commencement plans will be in compliance with public health guidance issued by the Centers for Disease Control, the State of California, and Orange County. We want to ensure the health and well-being of our Concordia community and commencement guests are a top priority.

A face covering must be worn by all commencement attendees, both indoors and outdoors, and physical distance guidelines will be maintained.
Guests will have their temperature taken at the gatehouse before entering campus.
We kindly ask that guests and graduates use discretion when considering attending, and follow CDC guidelines for health screening and travel.
Decorum & Celebration Policies
Gown length and style may not be altered. Stoles may not be customized in any way.
Modest personal embellishments are allowed on the cap, but MUST lay flat, cannot extend over the edge, and must be appropriate.
Only CUI-approved regalia (including pins, stoles, cords, and medallions) bestowed at the Undergraduate Academic Achievement ceremony and provided by university-sponsored clubs or CUI Veterans Resource Center may be worn at graduation. Decorative items such as costume leis, beads, or sashes may only be worn after the ceremony.
Balloons, alcohol, glass, noisemakers, firearms, and weapons are not permitted on campus.
Guest Assistance

If your guests require assistance, such as a wheelchair or walker, please let them know they must bring their own. Our walk-through Commencement event and activities will be solely standing and walking, no sitting, so please plan accordingly. Golf cart rides will be provided for guests who need assistance.

One Vehicle Limit

Due to limited parking availability and venue capacity restrictions, graduates will be issued one parking pass prior to commencement. Only one vehicle per graduate will be permitted. Your vehicle must fit into a standard size parking stall (no RVs, limos, party-busses, etc.). The one-vehicle limit will be strictly enforced; additional vehicles and those without the parking pass will be turned away at the gatehouse. Student transponders will be shut off on the day of Commencement to accommodate the traffic flow. Exceedingly large groups may not be able to enter the venue all at once.

Livestream Options

For friends and relatives who cannot attend in person, the Commencement ceremony on May 8, 2021 will be live-streamed. A link will be made available on the day of the ceremony.

This page is frequently updated as additional info