https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/commencement/spring-commencement-2020
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar | Commencement

Graduation 
Past Events 
Contact Us
Spring Commencement 2020
 
 
 
#CUIClassof2020 #CUIGrad
Congratulations Class of 2020!

We want to celebrate the completion of your degree during this remarkable time in history. Although we couldn't celebrate together as we originally intended, we want to honor and recognize your accomplishments in a virtual ceremony online. The links to the virtual ceremonies that premiered on June 27th are below. Spring 2020 graduates have the opportunity to walk in the May 8, 2021 ceremony. Concordia University Irvine will reach out to you with more information when it comes available.

Contact Sarah Anderson with your questions.

BACHELOR'S DEGREE 
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
GRADUATE DEGREES 
GRADUATE DEGREES 
CUI Proud!

Download and display this sign - decorate your car, post it in your window or on your lawn, and celebrate your graduation! Be sure to use the hashtags #CUIClassof2020 #CUIGrad to show us how you’re celebrating.

CLASS OF 2020 SIGN
Graduate Students - We Applaud You!
Class of 2020
Dr. Catherine Sinardi, Master of Healthcare Administration Program
Dr. John Townsend, Townsend Institute for Leadership & Counseling
Prof. Tony Diaz, Master's in Coaching Program
Dr. Cliff Pawley, Master of Science in Athletic Training
Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier, Dean of the School of Education
Assistant Dean Janet Muller & Dr. Drew Wolf, MBA Program
Closing Convocation
May 2, 2020

As the semester draws to a close, it’s time to celebrate! Please join us for a Closing Convocation. The entire Concordia University Irvine community is invited to join together in worship and celebration as we bring the academic year to an official close. The virtual event will start with a brief worship service and end with the Undergraduate Academic Achievement Ceremony for graduating seniors.

Worship Service

WATCH CLOSING CONVOCATION

Academic Achievement Ceremony

WATCH CLOSING CONVOCATION

Awards & Academic Achievements
Search 2020 Award Recipients
Outstanding Graduates 2020

Concordia University Irvine presents this award to one member of each class of graduating seniors. The honoree is chosen by vote of the faculty from a list of students who have demonstrated outstanding qualities in academic and personal achievement.

The criteria for selection are:

Exemplary Christian lifestyle
Active involvement in activities of the student body
Outstanding contributions to the university community
Academic GPA of at least 3.00

After several rounds of voting, two finalists each had an equal number of votes. When this occurred two times, it was decided that this year’s award would be shared by two graduates.

Haley Katherine Babineau
This student has consistently demonstrated dedication to her field of study in her work ethic, her application of knowledge, and her service to society. She is a true example of a servant leader; she deeply cares about others, shares her faith, and lovingly teaches children about our Savior. She exemplifies what it means to be a wise, honorable, and cultivated citizen.

Dr. Cari Chittick

‌
Previous Testimonial for Haley
‌
Next Testimonial for Haley
Maia Caitlin Jorgensen
She has quite the personality-always smiling and lifting others up. In academics, she is an avid participant, has a great work ethic and is beyond responsible. She is a student you wish you could have all the time. She has become an excellent marketer and I think the business background will do her very well in church work. She has a grace and humility that shows through in her actions.

Prof. Carolyn Shiery

‌
Previous
‌
Next
CUI Eagle Athletics Celebrates A Record Nine Senior Award Winners

VIEW AWARD WINNERS

School of Business & Economics Departmental Awards 2020
Accounting
McKinley Becraft
Business Data Analytics
Yiquan Wang
Economics
Santiago Saldaño
Finance
Otto G. Heinz
International Business
Taylor Elizabeth Fischer
Management
Ghada Alajeely
Marketing
Darla Misiuk
Sport Management
Haley Katherine Diefenbach
School of Arts & Sciences Departmental Awards 2020
Behavioral Sciences: General
Kayleen Michele Bretz
Behavioral Sciences: Psychology
Natalie Susanne Wellman
Behavioral Sciences: Sociology
Abigail Fluegge
Biology: Bachelor of Science
Savannah Leigh Neu
Biology: Bachelor of Arts
Maxwell Cameron Wickens
Chemistry
Andrew Thomas Poore
Communication Studies: General Communication
Alaina Barr
Communication Studies: Mass Communication
Charlotte Waite
English
Elizabeth Balzanti
Kinesiology
Bailey Joseph Collins
Graphic Design
Damie Zomerschoe
History and Political Thought
Jackson Allen Goodwin
Music
Owen Duncan
Physics
Michelle Marie Caldwell
Psychology
Michelle Christylynn LiQing Hoff
Pre-Physical Therapy/Allied Health
Madeleine Louise Giddings
Studio Art
Emily Wells
Theatre: Acting and Directing
Sara