is a data scientist at Facebook, helping lead product analytics in their Reality Labs division. Matt’s work spans across many products and features as he helps development of the company’s AI assistant. Prior to this, Matt was the head of business intelligence at In-N-Out Burger, developing the company's data strategy, building innovative reporting, crafting impactful analyses, and assisting with other wide-reaching initiatives. Additional experience includes leadership roles in analytics at Blizzard Entertainment and Taco Bell, with focuses on marketing, product engagement, and sales optimization.
Education: MBA at the University of California, Irvine, BA in Economics at the University of California, Santa Cruz
Courses: Data Analytics

Laszlo Zoltany

Experience: Controller and Finance Manager
Education: Controller and Finance Manager
Courses: Accounting

SEE ALL FACULTY
 
Illuminating Mentorship Program

A sounding board, business coach, advocate, advisor, connector, voice of reason, role model – your mentor sheds light on the path ahead. By being matched to mentors in your field of interest, you gain invaluable guidance that equips you for the pathway ahead. The Illuminating Mentorship Program is a unique opportunity offered to MBA students in our School of Business & Economics that allows you to work one-on-one with a mentor for two semesters throughout the course of your time in the program.

LEARN MORE

Master Best Business Practices

Concordia’s core courses provide the building blocks for organizational success in finance, marketing, and management. On top of that foundation, you will select 8 elective courses that match your core interests and talents giving you the power to immediately apply your learning in the real world. Here, we recognize God’s gifting of individuals and want to prepare you for your unique calling in life.

MBA CORE
20 Units
MBA 603: Science of Management
4

In this course students learn how to apply a scientifically researched and developed management approach to strategic planning, designing corporate structures, managing organizations and people. The course further explores proven techniques for building and maintaining a culture for success. The course approaches general management through 4 frames developed for effectively utilizing resources and creating value for shareholders. Please note that a Business Exam fee is required for this comprehensive and interdisciplinary course.

MBA 604: Account Reporting & Analysis
4

This course explores accounting as the financial language of business, analyzing financial statements and the application of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). It covers reporting financial transactions on both accrual and cash bases, adopting an interdisciplinary approach with advanced methodologies for enriched analysis. Emphasis is placed on using sophisticated quantitative techniques to enhance decision-making processes and elevate financial management strategies.

MBA 605: Contemporary Marketing Strategies
4

This course provides a comprehensive overview of contemporary marketing strategies tailored for managers in various sectors. Emphasizing modern processes beyond traditional approaches, it covers dynamic identification of evolving needs, creating demand with compelling value propositions, and adeptly managing the competitive landscape.The course equips students with the latest insights and tools and prepares them for success in today's fast-paced, digitally-driven marketing environment.

MBA 606: Data-Informed Finance
4

This course explores various aspects of finance, focusing on minimizing risk and maximizing value through strategic capital acquisition and allocation. Topics include leveraging data for financial analysis, evaluating a company's financial health, and employing advanced cash flow modeling for informed capital investment decisions. Funding for working capital needs, the role of data analytics in corporate planning, and earnings announcements will also be covered. Students will gain a nuanced understanding of how to revolutionize financial decision-making for enhanced performance.

Prerequisites: MBA 604 and Economics course with a grade of B or better or MBA 632.

MBA 607: Business Leadership Strategies
4

This course equips leaders with essential tools to acquiring and interpreting data for informed decision-making. It emphasizes critical assessment of marketing, production, research and development, and resource allocation models for organizational excellence. Students will develop a strategic mindset to optimize operational facets and enhance business leadership strategies. The focus is on honing skills for leveraging data in dynamic business leadership.

Prerequisites: MBA 603, MBA 604, MBA 605, and MBA 606.

VIEW CORE CURRICULUM
VIEW ELECTIVE COURSES
VIEW SPORTS BUSINESS CONCENTRATION
Make Key Connections

Harnessing your potential for leadership occurs through every aspect of the Concordia MBA experience where p