https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/mba/video-henry-alonzo
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Business Administration
Curriculum 
Faculty
Alumni
Mentorship
Financial Aid
Events 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (MBA)
Concordia University Irvine
 
 
EXPLORE 
The ‘MB8’: How Eight MBA Students Formed a Special Bond
Take Charge of Your Future
New Concentration: Sports Business

Many of our MBA students know at the outset that they have what it takes to become successful business leaders or entrepreneurs. They’re just not sure how to harness it. What they need is direction from someone who’s been there, to help develop and bring their gifts to fruition. That’s where we come in. At Concordia University Irvine, our MBA program has a history of coming alongside such students, regardless of life stage or occupation.

This is a program that will help you explore and refine your talents. Whether you want to advance in an established firm or leap into your own startup, you’ll learn ways to make it happen. Our flexible and face-to-face program allows you to immediately start applying your education by concentrating on the practical side of business, without ignoring management theory.

Most importantly, you will discover a cooperative and collaborative environment in our classrooms. Students develop bonds that help advance and last throughout your career. And Concordia MBA professors teach from experience. In fact, when they’re not in the classroom, many are running successful businesses of their own throughout Orange County and the greater Los Angeles area. You will learn from instructors who want to share their insights by mentoring the next class of emerging business talent. They're here to help prepare and equip you for your career path, wherever it leads.

Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

Applicant Type 
- Select applicant type
Domestic
International
Program of Interest 
- Select a program
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
Master of Business Administration in Sports Business
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

By requesting information, I consent to be contacted by Concordia University Irvine through my email, phone or text message.

Learn from Experience

It’s the people that make the program. Our hand-picked faculty are experienced and qualified professionals from Southern California’s thriving business economy. Their mission is to share their knowledge about what makes business leaders successful. Our emphasis on accessible mentorship means our professors are looking to actively align with your business goals and pursuits. They want to unlock your potential.

Megan Williams

Experience: Megan Williams is currently working as Senior Project Manager for General Electric (GE) Healthcare. She is an experienced project leader with a proven track record of leading successful clinical projects, technology projects, and product development initiatives to improve patient care.
Megan has extensive experience managing large scale projects pertaining to complex mergers and acquisitions, strategy and innovation/technology. Additionally, Megan has expertise in setting up project management offices and leading global virtual teams. She is passionate about mentoring young professionals and is honored to serve as a Concordia University Irvine MHA advisory board member.
Education: MBA from Concordia University, Irvine, B.A. from University of California, Irvine
Courses: Project Management

Shea Frates

Experience: Digital Media Strategist at Pacific Life; 10+ years in social media and digital marketing strategy
Education: M.B.A., Concordia University Irvine; B.A. Mass Communication, Concordia University Irvine; M.S. Candidate in Digital Media Management at USC
Courses: Digital Marketing, Marketing Communications

Matt Weiss

Experience: Matt Weiss is a data scientist at Facebook, helping lead product analytics in their Reality Labs division. Matt’s work spans across many products and features as he helps development of the company’s AI assistant. Prior to this, Matt was the head of business intelligence at In-N-Out Burger, developing the company's data strategy, building innovative reporting, crafting impactful analyses, and assisting with other wide-reaching initiatives. Additional experience includes leadership roles in analytics at Blizzard Entertainment and Taco Bell, with focuses on marketing, product engagement, and sales optimization.
Education: MBA at the University of California, Irvine, BA in Economics at the University of California, Santa Cruz
Courses: Data Analytics

Laszlo Zoltany

Experience: Controller and Finance Manager
Education: Controller and Finance Manager
Courses: Accounting

SEE ALL FACULTY
 
Illuminating Mentorship Program

A sounding board, business coach, advocate, advisor, connector, voice of reason, role model – your mentor sheds light on the path ahead. By being matched to mentors in your field of interest, you gain invaluable guidance that equips you for the pathway ahead. The Illuminating Mentorship Program is a unique opportunity offered to MBA students in our School of Business & Economics that allows you to work one-on-one with a mentor for two semesters throughout the course of your time in the program.

LEARN MORE

Master Best Business Practices

Concordia’s core courses provide the building blocks for organizational success in finance, marketing, and management. On top of that foundation, you will select 8 elective courses that match your core interests and talents giving you the power to immediately apply your learning in the real world. Here, we recognize God’s gifting of individuals and want to prepare you for your unique calling in life.

MBA CORE
20 Units
MBA 603: Science of Management
4

In this course students learn how to apply a scientifically researched and developed management approach to strategic planning, designing corporate structures, managing organizations and people. The course further explores proven techniques for building and maintaining a culture for success. The course approaches general management through 4 frames developed for effectively utilizing resources and creating value for shareholders. Please note that a Business Exam fee is required for this comprehensive and interdisciplinary course.

MBA 604: Account Reporting & Analysis
4

This course explores accounting as the financial language of business, analyzing financial statements and the application of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). It covers reporting financial transactions on both accrual and cash bases, adopting an interdisciplinary approach with advanced methodologies for enriched analysis. Emphasis is placed on using sophisticated quantitative techniques to enhance decision-making processes and elevate financial management strategies.

MBA 605: Contemporary Marketing Strategies
4

This course provides a comprehensive overview of contemporary marketing strategies tailored for managers in various sectors. Emphasizing modern processes beyond traditional approaches, it covers dynamic identification of evolving needs, creating demand with compelling value propositions, and adeptly managing the competitive landscape.The course equips students with the latest insights and tools and prepares them for success in today's fast-paced, digitally-driven marketing environment.

MBA 606: Data-Informed Finance
4

This course explores various aspects of finance, focusing on minimizing risk and maximizing value through strategic capital acquisition and allocation. Topics include leveraging data for financial analysis, evaluating a company's financial health, and employing advanced cash flow modeling for informed capital investment decisions. Funding for working capital needs, the role of data analytics in corporate planning, and earnings announcements will also be covered. Students will gain a nuanced understanding of how to revolutionize financial decision-making for enhanced performance.

Prerequisites: MBA 604 and Economics course with a grade of B or better or MBA 632.

MBA 607: Business Leadership Strategies
4

This course equips leaders with essential tools to acquiring and interpreting data for informed decision-making. It emphasizes critical assessment of marketing, production, research and development, and resource allocation models for organizational excellence. Students will develop a strategic mindset to optimize operational facets and enhance business leadership strategies. The focus is on honing skills for leveraging data in dynamic business leadership.

Prerequisites: MBA 603, MBA 604, MBA 605, and MBA 606.

VIEW CORE CURRICULUM
VIEW ELECTIVE COURSES
VIEW SPORTS BUSINESS CONCENTRATION
Make Key Connections

Harnessing your potential for leadership occurs through every aspect of the Concordia MBA experience where personal interaction is a key to growth. Your shared experiences with students, faculty, and alumni can become a catalyst for synthesizing new perspectives and extending your professional network in LA and Orange counties.

 
Henry Alonzo ’09

Founder of Adarga Entertainment Group

 
Jaime Buda ’19

Business Development Manager, GCAP Services, Inc.

 
Johanna Sceresini ’15

International Marketing, Warner Bros.

 
Chris Sommers ’19

President, Excel Packaging

DISCOVER OUR ALUMNI NETWORK
Six Start Dates Per Year

The MBA at Concordia University Irvine offers six start dates throughout the year so as a working professional, you can make it work with your schedule. Courses are offered Monday-Thursday evenings, with some Elective courses also available on Saturdays. Choose a start date that works for you.

Start Term	Start Date
Summer 1 2024	May 6, 2024
Summer 2 2024	July 1, 2024
Fall 1 2024	August 26, 2024
Fall 2 2024	October 14, 2024
Spring 1 2025	January 6, 2025
Spring 2 2025	March 3, 2025
For additional dates and deadlines, please view the academic calendar
VIEW ADMISSIONS REQUIREMENTS

Not sure yet? Keep in touch.

Admissions Events

Join us at one of our upcoming Information Nights to learn more about the MBA program at Concordia University Irvine or attend an MBA Mixer to network with faculty, staff, alumni, current and prospective students.

JUN

06

	

MBA Information Night

 Thu, Jun 06, 2024 6:00 PM

 Concordia University

School of Business and Economics

As you research business schools, you may notice that some business programs are accredited by organizations with long acronyms such as AACSB, IACBE, and ACBSP. What is accreditation and why does it matter? Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. Concordia's School of Business and Economics chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with the International Accreditation Council for Business Education to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

Tuition and Financial Aid
Tuition/Fee	Cost
Application Fee	$50
Student Success Fee	$50
Tuition	$980/unit
Books	$800 - $1,000

Our focus on business practice and our faculty of business professionals help us offer a very competitive tuition rate. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Apply Today
Admissions Requirements:
Your official transcript showing a conferred bachelor’s degree with a minimum GPA of 2.75
Current resume or vita showing 1-2 years of work experience
Two current letters of recommendation
A Statement of Intent
A $50 nonrefundable application fee

View complete details for admissions requirements.
View the International Graduate Admission Procedure for International applicant information, requirements, and deadlines.

APPLY NOW

No GMAT Required

We don’t believe that the GMAT is the best predictor of emerging business professionals. For this reason, we do not require students to take the GMAT exam. However, if you have completed the exam it will be taken into consideration.

Tour the Campus

Our hill-top campus overlooks the city of Irvine and offers a wealth of resources for your time here.

VIEW AERIAL TOUR

Get Started Today

To learn more about how you can unlock your pathway to success, complete the form below and our admissions counselor will connect with you.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

