https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/arts-sciences/science-summer-research-institute
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
2023 SUMMER RESEARCH INSTITUTE 

APPLY NOW

Read Our Weekly Newsletter »
Program Description

The CUI Summer Research Institute incorporates undergraduate and qualified high school student interns into a multidisciplinary and distinctly liberal arts research experience. Student interns work alongside CUI faculty and peers in the lab and the field while participating in one or more focal areas. The Summer 2023 institute will tentatively include research in the fields of:

kinesiology (Dr. Meier),
ecology (Dr. Karam - consultant),
rhetoric in science (Dr. Karam - consultant),
rhetorical theory/criticism and communications studies (Dr. Schulz, Dr. Nelson, Dr. Halten),
engineering (Dr. Espinosa),
art (Prof. Fletcher),
chemistry (Dr. Ayoub),
public health (Dr. Nelson, Dr. Meier)

More information about each advisor’s interests for the 2023 SRI can be found here or on the CUI Marine Lab and Heritage Garden pages. Applicants are encouraged to review this information prior to applying.

In addition to traditional research opportunities, all interns also participate in cross-disciplinary exploration of the philosophy, history, epistemology, and disciplinary variations of research in the liberal arts tradition. Examples of past topics include discussions of the foundational logic of the scientific method, the influence of historic philosophers on present day research, and the art of communication and use of rhetoric.

Internship Positions

Summer Research Institute interns typically have one focal area where most of their time is dedicated, but participate in the lab work, field work, and other activities across all participating disciplines. Interns contribute to existing faculty research projects, learn how work is done in their particular field of interest, and have the opportunity to conduct independent summer research projects in some cases.

Benefits

In addition to the hands-on educational experience and close mentorship that each student intern receives, we strive to provide our interns with additional benefits. The following options are offered:

Course Credit
Distributed per the guidelines of the student's institution or degree program. The number of units awarded are to follow appropriate Carnegie hour standards and may range from 1-4 credits. (Registration fees may apply.)
CUI Honors Program Points
Distributed based upon Carnegie hour standards under the advisement of the Honors Program Director.
Additional Paid Employment
Students who need additional income may apply to work as a student employee. Paid hours are in addition to internship hours.
Housing
Interns are eligible to receive free or discounted on-campus housing, as available. Details can be provided upon request.
Time Commitment

Summer research interns are expected to dedicate an average of 10 hrs of face-to-face time per week throughout the 8-week program. An additional 10 hours of asynchronous reading and research time are expected per week. Activities are scheduled based on the advisor and the group of researchers and depend on the data collection schedule. All interns and faculty participate in group activities and discussions every Wednesday (~10am-2pm). All interns will be expected to read primary literature, contribute to group discussions and projects, assist faculty and peers, and contribute to a presentation about the summer projects/research at the end of the internship.

The summer program will begin the third week of May and last through the second week of July (Exact dates TBD). Students on other academic schedules may join the program at a later date. We are flexible about scheduling conflicts, but we require serious commitment to the program and all activities whenever possible.

Questions?

Please contact Dr. Nathan Meier with any questions (nathan.meier@cui.edu).

Apply Now

Undergraduate Application Deadline: March 31 at 11:59 pm
High School Application Deadline: April 15 at 11:59 pm

ONLINE APPLICATION

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

