 downloaded back into a robotic being as a vessel for the human consciousness.

Let’s just assume, for a moment, that these options are viable in the near future and that our society will be making real progress toward the creation of an artificial yet eternal life of sorts. How do we faithfully make sense of this brave new world? Since I have three H+ posts lined up in a row, I’m going to use this time to focus on “super-longevity” exclusively, leaving “super-intelligence” and “super well-being” for next time.

Super-longevity scares the hell out of me. The question is why. Why am I so concerned with a group of people who want to use technology in such a way that prolongs my life? How dare they! Before I pull out my arrows, I better be sure that I have the right target.

The problem is not the desire to extend life. This has to be clear from the get-go. Existence is certainly better than non-existence, as Descartes once argued. To disagree with this point would be utterly hypocritical. If you believed that non-existence was better than existence, you would have killed yourself by now. No, existence is to be cherished, valued, and ultimately preserved. Option 1 above seems to be something worth pursuing at least at first glance, since none of us willingly welcome the ravages of cancer or Alzheimer’s. In fact, many of us would go to great lengths to prevent our children from experiencing these ills, even allowing procedures to be done in utero, if necessary.

Nor is the problem the human desire to push the boundaries of our collective limitation. In a truly physical sense, the Olympic Games come to mind here. Every event is designed to draw out the best of human physical ability over-and-against the physical limitations that are present in all of us. From an intellectual sense, we similarly challenge ourselves to conceive and make manifest a better future–a world with less suffering than our forefathers. I don’t find either of these pursuits to be problematic.

The problem is that H+ wrecks the meaning of life altogether. Super-longevity essentially argues that humanity’s existential problem is one of limit. H+ says we should be people without boundary, without restraint, without end. And, at this exact juncture, I get off the train. Limitation is not the evil that H+ thinks it is, but rather, it’s the very thing that makes community possible.

In our mutual limitation, we recognize that our will (and power) are not to be unbounded, in any sense.
In our mutual limitation, we have the capacity for empathy, surprise, and joy.
In our mutual limitation, we are able to pursue justice rather than pursue our own ends.
In our mutual limitation, we can take joy in a real Christian community that recognizes and values the weakest among us.
In our mutual limitation, we are forced to recognize the greatest truth of our time: we are not God.

Life means something because death awaits us. Life means something infinitely greater because life awaits us after death, as well. All life is valuable because each breath is a gift. This is one of the central insights of Scripture: that life is valuable because it is God’s–not ours–and because of that designation, God pursues a course of salvation through Christ from the moment Adam eats the fruit. God chose redemption over his second option, annihilation. So great is the Father’s love for us (and our bodily life, I might add).

When we use gift language, we are less likely to see life as something we can steal, something we can manipulate. Every breath becomes a living expression of God’s gifting; the life we have bears witness to God as Creator and Sustainer and therefore becomes a testimony to the life and act of God. Super-longevity seems to be a complex form of narcissism…where I become the master of my own universe.

For the Christian, escaping death does nothing to prevent the actual problem with human living—sin. For the Christian, the body is essential to who we are as creatures of the Creator. This fact is affirmed in Scripture over and over again, not only in the fact that Jesus came in the flesh (i.e., the Incarnation) but that his resurrection was also in the flesh. To create a life without the body is to necessarily destroy part of that which makes us human!

Oh, yeah…and there’s other things to worry about with a technologically mediated eternal life. Geo-political problems abound. Developing countries are screwed. Permanent caste systems are entirely plausible, if not inevitable. We’ll never get rid of Donald Trump. Could you imagine his next tweet?

Jst uploaded myslf 2 ‘net. H+ now. #nevergonnabefirednow, #inyourcomputer

- @realDonaldTrump

Ultimately, the super-longevity component of H+ exists as a form of salvation. This makes any internal critique of the H+ movement subject (and rightly so) to intense scrutiny. In other words, futurist and technology guru Ray Kurzweil has dedicated his life to the coming of the technological Singularity and hope that humanity 