https://www.cui.edu/devotions/advent
Skip to Main Content

Advent Devotionals
Calendars 
About
Subscribe
Advent: A Journey to Bethlehem
#CUIAdvent
2023
 
 
 
 
 

Hope Candle

1st Sunday of Advent

A Journey to Bethlehem

"And Joseph also went up from Galilee, from the town of Nazareth, to Judea, to the city of David, which is called Bethlehem, because he was of the house and lineage of David, to be registered with Mary, his betrothed, who was with child."

Luke 2:5

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Faith Candle

2nd Sunday of Advent

No Room at the Inn

"She gave birth to her firstborn son and wrapped him in swaddling cloths and laid him in a manger, because there was no place for them in the inn."

Luke 2:7

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Joy Candle

3rd Sunday of Advent

People Still Come Knocking

"When did we see you?"

Matthew 25:40

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Peace Candle

4th Sunday of Advent

Welcome

"Welcome one another as God has welcomed you for the glory or God."

Romans 15:7

 

 

Read Devotion
A Journey to Bethlehem: Devotions for Advent

The Advent and Christmas seasons are filled with many different traditions. You probably have some unique family traditions or stories that you tell. Some traditions are shared by people in many communities, while other celebrations of the season reflect different cultures.  At their best, these traditions can help us to remember what Christmas is all about, and help us to remember and relive the Christmas story, applying it to our lives.

As we prepare for Christmas this year, we’ve been thinking about a custom from Central and South America known as Las Posadas. This is a festive reenactment of the journey to Bethlehem where the holy family seeks shelter and a place for Christ to be born. Since there was no room in the inns (las posadas), they take shelter in a stable.

This Advent, we invite you to join us, in weekly devotions, on a journey to Bethlehem with the holy family. As we remember their journey, we see our own journeys and, ultimately, are welcomed by God’s gracious hospitality.

And we invite you to tune in to our Las Posadas inspired PBS special, “Navidad!: A Concordia Christmas.”

God be with you as you journey in this holy season.

Steve Mueller
Vice President, Chief Mission Officer

 

Bringing tidings of hopefulness and joy, Concordia celebrates Christmas at the Renée and Henry Segerstrom Concert Hall. A highlight of the Christmas season, top ensembles from the Music Department perform festive music with carols old and new.

LEARN MORE
Walk With Us

Sign up to receive weekly devotions from the first Sunday of Advent through Christmas Day directly to your email.
Your email address will be used for no other purposes than these Advent devotions.

Email 
SUBSCRIBE
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

