https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/coaching/mcaa-olympic-athletes
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MCAA
Curriculum 
Meet the Team
Alumni
Financial Aid
Coach's Resources 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
The Fab Five
FIVE FORMER OLYMPIANS REFLECT ON THEIR JOURNEYS AS ATHLETES AND MCAA STUDENTS

Five former Olympians, Gabe Gardner, Chris Segesman, Misty May-Treanor, Staciana Stitts-Winfield and Michelle Venturella, reflect on their journey to the world’s biggest athletic arena, and how they continued to learn sports lessons as students of CUI’s Master's of Coaching and Athletics Administration program.

We are the Champions

Ask any athlete, at any level, be it high school, college or professional players and they will all likely tell you the same anecdote about achieving victory: the path is paved with sacrifice, blood, sweat and enough tears to fill an Olympic-sized pool. For the special group of sportsmen and women tenacious, talented and blessed enough to beat the odds and earn the honor of putting the coveted title of Olympian in front of their name, the road to the gold is that much more challenging – and equally rewarding.

With 121 medals won, and new American sports heroes crowned at the 2016 Rio Games—including “The Simones”, gymnast dynamo Simone Biles and history-making swimmer Simone Manuel, as well as the unstoppable swimming sensation that is 23-time-gold-medalist Michael Phelps—once again, the eyes of the world witnessed the best of the best compete.

As the next set of superstar competitors look ahead to the Tokyo 2020 Games, the CUI Master's of Coaching and Athletics Administration team thought it would be fitting to take a stroll down Olympic memory lane and chat with its star line up, five former Olympians who happen to also be alumni of the MCAA program.

Holding a collective six Olympic Gold medals among them across five sports, Gabe Gardner (Volleyball), Chris Segesman (Water Polo), Misty May-Traenor (Beach Volleyball), Staciana Stitts-Winfield (Swimming), and Michelle Venturella (Softball) shared memories about their sports beginnings, Olympic trials and triumphs, and the lessons they learned along the way. The champions also gave beyond-the-medal insight into how the MCAA program helped them continue their athletic careers from the other side of the game – as coaches.



A Childhood Dream

Gabe Gardner’s dream of becoming an Olympian began long before he could tower over the top of a volleyball net. “I was 8 years old when the 1984 Olympics came to Los Angeles,” recalls Gardner. I had a high regard for this ideal that you can go and be one of the best in your sport in the entire country and possibly represent your country at a worldwide event that everybody admired and respected.”

A three-sport-athlete in high school, while Gardner excelled at basketball and water polo, he says volleyball was the far and away winner in his eyes. “Volleyball seemed to have the most long-term prospects of providing an opportunity to play in the Olympic Games or going on to a level that would make a long term career possible from playing professionally.”

Before making his first USA Men’s Volleyball Olympic team for the 2004 Athens Games, followed up by the 2008 Beijing Games—where he would win the team gold—Gardner played professionally overseas; 12 countries in 12 years overall. While the time abroad helped sharpen his skills, he admits that there were times when he experienced spikes of self-doubt.

“A lot of people in sports give up before they know if they’re going to make a team,” notes Gardner. “I didn’t have a great college career leading up to the Games, and then when I finally persisted long enough, I knew I had it inside of me. I believed in myself enough that when I got there, I was like yeah, I deserve this. This is where I belong.”



Catching History

In the years leading up to her debut at the Games, second guessing was also an unlikely opponent for softball Olympian Michelle Venturella. Like Gardner, Venturella was a standout high school athlete, leading her team to back-to-back titles as a first baseman. Once at Indiana University at Bloomington, she was thrown for a loop. “The coach asked me if I would try catching, although I never caught a day in my life,” says Venturella, now Head Softball Coach at Washington University in St. Louis.

Uncertain and uncomfortable at first, the switch would serve to alter Venturella’s position on the team, and later, softball history. A year later, her team won the Big 10 Conference, providing notoriety for the school and Venturella, in the form of the first-ever Olympic softball team tryouts for the 1996 Atlanta Games. “The timing of it for my career was great,” she says.

Adds Venturella, “I ended up filling out an application and sent in $25 to go through the process.” The only reason I tried out was because I wanted to put myself up against the best and see where I 