goal to make. I was so relieved after working so hard and sacrificing so much, for so long.” During the Games, Stitts-Winfield held the advice of her coach close, “He said, after you finish a race, close your eyes and ask yourself if you did your best. If you did, be happy, no matter what the scoreboard,” she says. “That taught me the importance of effort versus outcome.”

For Chris Segesman, becoming a fish in water didn’t begin until ninth grade. “I was a competitive swimmer from the age of five, but after learning the game, my focus was entirely water polo going forward.”

And go forward Chris did, all the way to the Olympic Games in Athens in 2004. “I truly believe my path to the Olympics was only paved because I had a strong support staff of coaches, family and friends. It wasn’t easy, says Segesman, who practiced eight hours each day and traveled on multiple 40+ day trips per year in preparation for the Games. “By the time the Olympics rolled around, I truly earned a chance to be named one of the Top 13. Getting selected was amazing.”

Although Segesman didn’t medal at the games, he asserts that just being a member of the team was worth its weight in gold, silver and bronze put together. “The first game I remember jumping in to get ready for the first whistle and I didn’t even feel the water. I could have played 40 games and never get tired.”

 
Second Career: Changing Positions

If it takes a village to raise a child, then it takes a country to raise an Olympian: a supportive team of coaches and athletic administrators behind the competitors who make it their life’s game plan to ensure they are positively pushed to limits they didn’t know they could reach.

Aside from being a part of the exclusive group of competitors known as Olympians, Gabe, Chris, Misty-May, Staciana and Michelle have another thing in common: they’re members of the Concordia University Irvine Master’s of Coaching and Athletics Administration team. Not only have they found the program to be beneficial for segueing into the second stage of their athletic careers, they are actively applying the lessons to their coaching roles, passing the knowledge along to their athletes and even potential employers.

“I was looking for a master’s degree that could relate to both my athletic administration work and coaching,” says Chris, who credits the program for influencing his current role as Associate Athletic Director of Mater Dei High School in Santa Ana. “It’s been a huge part of my development in the professional setting. I’ve been so impressed with the faculty, the knowledge I’ve gained and the connections as well.”

The largest program of its kind in the nation, the Master’s Degree in Coaching and Athletics Administration program at Concordia University Irvine remains the only program to offer strong practical training with a foundation in ethics and character building. That’s an aspect that Gabe Gardner appreciates.

“I’ve been around some of the best coaches in the world throughout my career. I’ve also been around a lot of not-so-good coaches, so I have the perspective to know when the messaging is on target and I’ve been very pleased with the program,” says Gabe, who served as the head volleyball coach at American River College in Sacramento in 2015.

Adds Gabe, “The program allowed me to organize and prepare a cohesive master’s thesis, whereby I can present everything in written form to a potential employer or future opportunity as it comes up.”

“It makes you ask, 'How do I want to be as a coach?'” says May-Treanor. “Because at the end of the day, it’s not about winning or losing. You want to leave a lasting footprint. I’ve been so happy with the program that I recommend it highly, especially to a lot of my colleagues who are players,” adds May-Treanor, who spends her time these days directing both the men’s and women’s volleyball program at Long Beach City College, as well as serving as head coach for its new women’s beach volleyball team.

For Staciana, a former assistant women’s swimming and diving coach at CUI, the program offered a way for her to achieve her goal of obtaining a master’s degree without feeling rushed. “The online aspect of it gave me the most flexibility to juggle working full-time, raising my daughter, and educating myself for a master's degree,” says Staciana.

Adds Staciana, “I loved the program because the professors engaged with the students. I also loved that I could choose electives that most interested me and apply it to my job daily.”

“I think the program is really well-suited to provide a message that I believe in, that I believe to be true of what great coaches and administrators look like to a broader marketplace of coaches,” says Gabe. “Whoever designed the program and implemented the messaging points, was really good. They’ve spoken a lot of the same truths that I’ve seen to be true already in my career, having been exposed to great coaches.”

“I compared some other programs and nothing quite fit t