n unlikely opponent for softball Olympian Michelle Venturella. Like Gardner, Venturella was a standout high school athlete, leading her team to back-to-back titles as a first baseman. Once at Indiana University at Bloomington, she was thrown for a loop. “The coach asked me if I would try catching, although I never caught a day in my life,” says Venturella, now Head Softball Coach at Washington University in St. Louis.

Uncertain and uncomfortable at first, the switch would serve to alter Venturella’s position on the team, and later, softball history. A year later, her team won the Big 10 Conference, providing notoriety for the school and Venturella, in the form of the first-ever Olympic softball team tryouts for the 1996 Atlanta Games. “The timing of it for my career was great,” she says.

Adds Venturella, “I ended up filling out an application and sent in $25 to go through the process.” The only reason I tried out was because I wanted to put myself up against the best and see where I fit. Turns out, Venturella fit in perfectly, earning an alternate spot for the ’96 Games, and later, sliding into the Top 15 for the 2000 Sydney Games, where she won a gold medal.

“When I was on the Olympic team, I was more of a role player and it was great because I still got to be a part of something tremendous.” There’s nothing like putting on the uniform and having USA across your chest,” says Venturella. “It’s so humbling.”



Hit the Sand Winning*

USA Beach Volleyball champion Misty May-Treanor has had sand between her toes since she was a teenager. May-Treanor grew up playing beach volleyball at the Santa Monica Pier outside of Los Angeles. She was an indoor volleyball champion at Newport Harbor High School and Cal State Long Beach before switching to sand in 1999.

The change shifted her career and made way for May-Treanor to reign supreme in the sport, playing well enough to compete in the 2000 Olympics with then-teammate Holly McPeak, finishing fifth.

But it was her partnership with Kerrie Walsh Jennings that made May-Traenor the face of beach volleyball worldwide. The duo won the gold in Athens at the 2004 Olympics, repeated the feat in Beijing in 2008 and made an unexpectedly strong run in 2012 to capture the gold in London.

“We’ve grown with each other, learning the game together,” says May-Treanor. “It was a special win,” she says of the duo’s win in London. Not being part of huge team, you have to stay motivated.”

It’s that same motivation that’s made May-Treanor the most successful volleyball player in history, with 112 career wins. Today, May-Treanor, is training other players to reach for their athletic dreams as head of the volleyball program at Long Beach City College.



Two Fish in the Water

For swimming gold medalist Staciana Stitts-Winfield, love of the blue water began early on. “I started swimming before I walked,” she says. “My favorite part of swimming is the moment when you go underwater and all goes quiet.”

Competing since she was six years old, Stitts-Winfield says it took time for her aquatic skills to fully develop. “I was a very slow swimmer when I started out and slowly progressed,” she recalls. After being diagnosed with Alopecia Universalis, an auto-immune disorder that causes complete hair loss at age 12, instead of slowing down, Staciana redirected her focus and anger in the pool and as swimmers say, “started dropping time.”

In 1997, she made the Olympic Trials cut at the age of 16, making a 120-mile round trip trek to train with renowned Irvine Novas coach, Dave Salo, known for helping swimmer Amanda Beard qualify for the 1996 Atlanta Games. Stitts-Winfield trained for three years alongside Beard and others, before making the 2000 U.S. Olympic Swim Team for the Sydney Games. Her magic moment had finally arrived.

“I made the Olympic team by .001 of a second, the smallest margin to make it,” Stitts-Winfield says. “I was overwhelmed and shocked when I made it because it seemed like a very challenging goal to make. I was so relieved after working so hard and sacrificing so much, for so long.” During the Games, Stitts-Winfield held the advice of her coach close, “He said, after you finish a race, close your eyes and ask yourself if you did your best. If you did, be happy, no matter what the scoreboard,” she says. “That taught me the importance of effort versus outcome.”

For Chris Segesman, becoming a fish in water didn’t begin until ninth grade. “I was a competitive swimmer from the age of five, but after learning the game, my focus was entirely water polo going forward.”

And go forward Chris did, all the way to the Olympic Games in Athens in 2004. “I truly believe my path to the Olympics was only paved because I had a strong support staff of coaches, family and friends. It wasn’t easy, says Segesman, who practiced eight hours each day and traveled on multiple 40+ day trips per year in preparation for the Games. “By the time the Olympics rolled around, I truly earned a chance to be