https://www.cui.edu/online/degrees/masters/international-studies
Skip to Main Content

Online
About
Degrees
Certificates
Financial Aid
Student Services
Apply
Request Info
M.A. International Studies
Regions 
Curriculum
Capstone
MAIS Team
Resources
Tuition & Financial Aid
Contact Us
MASTER OF ARTS: INTERNATIONAL STUDIES (MAIS)

Concordia University Irvine is no longer enrolling new students for the Master of Arts in International Studies. If you have an interest in International Business, we encourage you to explore the Master of Business Administration. If your interest is in local and global missions, take a look at our Cross-Cultural Ministry Center where you can earn a Master of Arts in Theology, with a concurrent vicarage through the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS), while developing culture-crossing ministries.

Nothing Replaces Experience

Concordia’s MAIS program includes three weeks of international fieldwork in one of four chosen regions: Africa, Latin America, China, or Southeast Asia. Once you have completed your coursework, with the exception of the Capstone project, you will travel with a group to the region of your choice and learn by doing.

Africa
China
Southeast Asia
Latin America
First-Hand Experiences
  
MAIS made it possible for my passions to be successful, and I will be forever grateful. I am in my career job with a successful international company doing what I love.

Kimberly N. Griffin
MAIS Alumna
Learning Language Director, Beijing Disney English Center

Dr. Yi Schuler
Director of MAIS Program
Professor of International Studies
Professors with a Global Mindset

Our faculty and staff come from diverse backgrounds and fields but what they share is real world experience, extraordinary expertise, a Christian faith-based perspective, and a commitment to our students and their success. When it comes time to write your thesis, you will work one-on-one with a faculty thesis advisor who will provide oversight, counsel, and collaboration in this culminating project of your global studies experience.
Read more about Dr. Yi Schuler »

MEET OUR FACULTY

Where Our Alumni Are Working
Ashley A. Yu, MAIS Alumna
Franklin Fellow to the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs

While a degree in International Studies does not lead to a specific career in the way that other pursuits like accounting or teaching might, studying international relations cultivates skills in speech and writing, analytical skills, and a detailed knowledge of global relations. In turn, this degree prepares students for careers in government, journalism, law, non-profit leadership, non-governmental organizations, international affairs, international business, teaching, and research.

Oakley
Phoenix International Freight
Aramco Oil Company, Saudi Arabia
JUMP! Foundation
U.S. Embassy Phnom Penh
Safehouse International
Hangzhou Normal University
Zhejiang Institute of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering
Globalize Your Resume

Our graduates are engaged in different industries or sectors depending on their goals and the concentration they chose within their MAIS degree program at Concordia. In summary, here is what our alumni are doing:

Pursuing doctoral degrees
Pursuing a law degree
Teaching and working in China
Working at US State Department and Foreign Services
Working at Non-Government Organizations
Private Sector: International Business
Private Sector: Nonprofit
Private Sector: International Banking and Finance
Teaching at private school or junior college
Study abroad advisor at colleges and universities
International student advisor/program coordinator
Student affairs staff at colleges and universities
International and charter school teachers
Educational program designers, implementers, and evaluators
Curriculum designers
Educational researchers
Educational consultants
Educational entrepreneurs
Working in missions organizations
Discover Why Students Succeed with Concordia Online Degrees

Very few online degree programs can claim to be a “community of learning,” since coursework is completed primarily through reading articles in text heavy units and posting to discussion forums. Concordia University’s online education ascribes to a different model in which "real time," synchronous learning experiences comprise a certain percentage of every course, bringing you face-to-face with our outstanding faculty and nationally recognized programs.

MAIS students will enjoy blended learning with the experience of international travel in a region of their choice. The field work is a continuation of the students’ learning, providing a rich context for applying their academic knowledge, a social laboratory to conduct project observation and research, and a setting for establishing and deepening relationships with those residing in their chosen regional community.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

