on, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent, except where allowed and/or required by law for compliance with state and federal reporting.

Concordia University Irvine keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Concordia University Irvine, in order to determine what Concordia University Irvine services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Concordia University Irvine to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.

Concordia University Irvine Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Concordia University Irvine or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Concordia University Irvine; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Concordia University Irvine, or the public.

Use of Cookies

The Concordia University Irvine Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.

One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Concordia University Irvine pages, or register with Concordia University Irvine site or services, a cookie helps Concordia University Irvine to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Concordia University Irvine Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Concordia University Irvine features that you customized.

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Concordia University Irvine services or Web sites you visit.

Security of your Personal Information

Concordia University Irvine secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Concordia University Irvine secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.

Changes to this Statement

Concordia University Irvine will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Concordia University Irvine encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Concordia University Irvine is protecting your information.

Contact Information

Concordia University Irvine welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Concordia University Irvine has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Concordia University Irvine at webteam@cui.edu. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.

 

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

