https://www.cui.edu/privacy-statement
Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Privacy Statement

Concordia University Irvine is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Concordia University Irvine Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Concordia University Irvine website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.

Collection of your Personal Information

Concordia University Irvine collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Concordia University Irvine also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.

There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Concordia University Irvine. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Concordia University Irvine for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Concordia University Irvine Web site.

Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Concordia University Irvine public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. 

Concordia University Irvine encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Concordia University Irvine so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Concordia University Irvine is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Concordia University Irvine and Concordia University Irvine family of Web sites.

Use of your Personal Information

Concordia University Irvine collects and uses your personal information to operate the Concordia University Irvine Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Concordia University Irvine also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Concordia University Irvine and its affiliates. Concordia University Irvine may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.

By providing your contact information via the website, you are providing express consent to be contacted by SMS, possibly using automated technology to the number you provided. If at any time you wish to opt-out of communication, please reply "STOP" to cancel. Text "HELP" for help. Message frequency may vary. Message/data rates may apply. Submission of a form does not authorize the purchase of goods, services, or products. See the Privacy Statement / Terms and Conditions.

Concordia University Irvine does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Concordia University Irvine may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Concordia University Irvine may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Concordia University Irvine, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.

Concordia University Irvine does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent, except where allowed and/or required by law for compliance with state and federal reporting.

Concordia University Irvine keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Concordia University Irvine, in order to determine what Concordia University Irvine services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Concordia University Irvine to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.

Concordia University Irvine Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Concordia University Irvine or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Concordia University Irvine; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the p