https://www.cui.edu/devotions/advent/2022
Skip to Main Content

Advent Devotionals
Calendars 
About
Subscribe
Advent: The Thrill of Hope
#CUIAdvent
2022
 
 
 
 
 

Hope Candle

1st Sunday of Advent

A Cry for Hope

"Through the Spirit, by faith, we ourselves eagerly wait for the hope of righteousness" Galatians 5:5

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Faith Candle

2nd Sunday of Advent

Hope Prophesied

"The people who walked in darkness have seen a great light; those who dwelt in a land of deep darkness, on them has light shone."
(Isaiah 9:2).

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Joy Candle

3rd Sunday of Advent

Christ is our Hope

“The hopes and fears of all the years

Are met in thee tonight”

 

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Peace Candle

4th Sunday of Advent

Hope in Christ Transforms Us

Hope makes a difference.

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Christ Candle

Christmas Day

A Thrill of Hope

“Fear not, for behold, I bring you good news of great joy that will be for all the people. 11 For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Savior, who is Christ the Lord. 12 And this will be a sign for you: you will find a baby wrapped in swaddling cloths and lying in a manger.”

Luke 2:10–12

Read Devotion
The Thrill of Hope: Devotions for Advent

It seems that, wherever we look in the world today, we encounter troubling things. Wars and conflicts continue. Our nation seems deeply divided. The economy raises deep concerns about our future. You may know times of challenge in your own life as well. Is this “the new normal”? Are things always going to be like this?

This world needs hope. We do too. The season of Advent reminds us, once again, that we have a good and trustworthy reason for hope in Jesus.

As the lyrics of “O Holy Night” say:

 A thrill of hope, the weary world rejoices
For yonder breaks a new and glorious morn!

Christ’s birth at Bethlehem, his coming to us today, and his promise to come again all declare God’s promise and plan to bless us.

Join us each week in Advent as we consider ways in which God gives us a foretaste of eternal joy as we remember his promises, see his blessings, and know The Thrill of Hope.

In confident hope,

Steve Mueller
Vice President, Chief Mission Officer

Bringing tidings of hopefulness and joy, Concordia celebrates Christmas at the Renée and Henry Segerstrom Concert Hall. A highlight of the Christmas season, top ensembles from the Music Department perform festive music with carols old and new.

LEARN MORE
Walk With Us

Sign up to receive weekly devotions from the first Sunday of Advent through Christmas Day directly to your email.
Your email address will be used for no other purposes than these Advent devotions.

Email 
SUBSCRIBE
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

