https://www.cui.edu/devotions/advent/2021
Skip to Main Content

Advent Devotionals
Calendars 
About
Subscribe
Advent: Focus
#CUIAdvent
2021
 
 
 
 
 

Hope Candle

1st Sunday of Advent

Stop

Come to me, all who labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. (Matthew 11:28)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Faith Candle

2nd Sunday of Advent

Listen

Blessed rather are those who hear the word of God and keep it! (Luke 11 28)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Joy Candle

3rd Sunday of Advent

Prepare

In my Father’s house are many rooms. If it were not so, would I have told you that I go to prepare a place for you? (John 14:2)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Peace Candle

4th Sunday of Advent

Hope

O Lord, for what do I wait? My hope is in you. (Psalm 39:7)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Christ Candle

Christmas Day

Come and See

When the angels went away from them into heaven, the shepherds said to one another, 'Let us go over to Bethlehem and see this thing that has happened, which the Lord has made known to us.' (Luke 2:15)

Read Devotion
Focus: Devotions for Advent

We live in hectic times. As we busily attend to the many things that need to be done, we may feel like we are falling farther and farther behind. Maybe it feels like we’re about to be run over by the holiday season. Will we ever be ready?

With so much going on, it’s hard to focus on what matters – or even to recognize that we might have lost that focus.

The Advent season calls us back into focus. We hear God’s word, listen to his call, and prepare to see his blessings.

If we can break away – even for a little while – to focus on the things that matter most, we will see what he is doing to prepare us and how he calls us to something better.

Join us each week for an Advent reflection that brings God’s focus to the season.

Blessings to you this Advent and Christmas.

Steve Mueller
Chief Mission Officer

A new made-for-TV special episode of “A Concordia Christmas” was filmed for PBS in the Borland-Manske Center, airing during the week of Christmas.

LEARN MORE
Walk With Us

Sign up to receive weekly devotions from the first Sunday of Advent through Christmas Day directly to your email.
Your email address will be used for no other purposes than these Advent devotions.

Email 
SUBSCRIBE
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

