https://www.cui.edu/devotions/advent/2020
Skip to Main Content

Advent Devotionals
Calendars 
About
Subscribe
Advent: All is Bright!
#CUIAdvent
2020
 
 
 
 
 

Hope Candle

1st Sunday of Advent

Silence

For God alone my soul waits in silence; from him comes my salvation. (Psalm 62:1)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Faith Candle

2nd Sunday of Advent

Calm

God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Therefore we will not fear though… the mountains be moved into the heart of the sea, though its waters roar and foam…. Be still and know that I am God. (Psalm 46:1-3, 10)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Joy Candle

3rd Sunday of Advent

Holy Night

The child to be born of you will be called holy – the Son of God. (Luke 1:35)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Peace Candle

4th Sunday of Advent

All is Bright

The light shines in the darkness and the darkness has not overcome it. (John 1:5)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Christ Candle

Christmas Day

The Dawn of Redeeming Grace

Arise, shine, for your light has come, and the glory of the Lord has risen upon you. (Isaiah 60:1-3)

Read Devotion
Advent Reflections
All is Bright!

 Silent night, holy night!
All is calm, all is bright…

In a year of shouting, chaos, darkness, and selfishness, with the stresses of Covid, uncertainty, and isolation weighing upon us, we more clearly see our need for the Savior. How I long to sing carols with the people of God to celebrate his birth.

But the words of Silent Night hardly seem to reflect 2020, do they? Silent? Calm? Bright? Holy?

In this Advent season, a time of reflection and preparation, we invite you to join us weekly for a reflection on these words. Each Sunday, and on Christmas, we will post a new devotion for your contemplation. Take a moment to ponder how God transforms our lives and days.

Then join us for our Christmas concert “All is Bright” on PBS SoCal. It may be a peculiar season, but God is faithful. As he draws us to focus on his work in our lives, we discover that, in him, all is bright!

If you would like to receive email reminders as these weekly reflections are posted, you can subscribe to our email list that is dedicated solely to these Advent devotions.

Blessings to you this Advent and Christmas.

Steve Mueller
Chief Mission Officer

December 22-25, 2020
LEARN MORE
Walk With Us

Sign up to receive weekly devotions from the first Sunday of Advent through Christmas Day directly to your email.
Your email address will be used for no other purposes than these Advent devotions.

Email 
SUBSCRIBE
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

