https://www.cui.edu/devotions/advent/2019
Skip to Main Content

Advent Devotionals
Calendars 
About
Subscribe
Advent: Joy to the World!
#CUIAdvent
2019
 
 
 
 
 

Hope Candle

1st Sunday of Advent

The Promise of Joy

Weeping may tarry for the night, but joy comes with the morning. (Psalm 30:4)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Faith Candle

2nd Sunday of Advent

The Lord is Come

I am with you always, even to the end of the age. (Matthew 28:20)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Joy Candle

3rd Sunday of Advent

Let Earth Receive Her King

Where is he who is born king of the Jews?... We have come to worship him. (Matthew 2:1-2)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Peace Candle

4th Sunday of Advent

Let Every Heart Prepare Him Room

Mary brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger, because there was no room for them in the inn. (Luke 2:7)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Christ Candle

Christmas Day

And Heaven and Nature Sing

The Lord has made known his salvation; he has revealed his righteousness in the sight of the nations. (Psalm 98:2)

Read Devotion
Advent Reflections
Joy to the World!

The weeks leading up to Christmas can be busy and stressful. It is easy to spend our time and energy getting ready for certain aspects of the season and not take the time to reflect and contemplate Christ’s coming. When we do this, we miss a great blessing.

The season of Advent calls us to prepare. We prepare to celebrate his coming at Bethlehem long ago, we recognize his coming to us each day, and we faithfully anticipate his coming again. We invite you to join us in preparing for all of Jesus’ comings in our Advent reflections.

Following the theme, “Joy to the World,” we will post reflections each Sunday in Advent, featuring written word and beautiful music from our Concordia musicians. We will post a final reflection on Christmas day.

Our prayer is that these materials bless you, enhance your Advent, and prepare you for a joyful, blessed Christmas.

If you would like to receive email reminders as these weekly reflections are posted, you can subscribe to our email list that is dedicated solely to these Advent devotions.

Blessed Advent,

Steve Mueller
Chief Mission Officer

Walk With Us

Sign up to receive weekly devotions from December 1st through Christmas day directly to your email.
Your email address will be used for no other purposes than these Advent devotions.

Email 
SUBSCRIBE
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

