https://www.cui.edu/devotions/advent/2018
Skip to Main Content

Advent Devotionals
Calendars 
About
Subscribe
Advent: Out of Darkness, Light!
#CUIAdvent
2018
 
 
 
 
 

Hope Candle

1st Sunday of Advent

Out of Darkness, Light

“In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God and the Word was God” (John 1:1–3)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Faith Candle

2nd Sunday of Advent

My soul waits… more than watchmen wait for the morning

“O Israel, hope in the Lord! For with the Lord there is steadfast love, and with him is plentiful redemption. And he will redeem Israel from all his iniquities” (Psalm 130:7–8)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Joy Candle

3rd Sunday of Advent

Light Wins. Every Time.

“In him was life, and the life was the light of men. The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it.” (John 1:4–5)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Peace Candle

4th Sunday of Advent

I Am the Light of the World

"I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but will have the light of life" (John 8:12)

Read Devotion
 
 
 
 
 

Christ Candle

Christmas Day

You Are the Light of the World

"The Word became flesh and dwelt among us, and we have seen his glory, glory as of the only Son from the Father, full of grace and truth." (John 1:14)

Read Devotion
Advent Reflections:
From Darkness to Light

The weeks leading up to Christmas can be busy and stressful. It is easy to spend our time and energy getting ready for certain aspects of the season and not take the time to reflect and contemplate Christ’s coming. When we do this, we miss a great blessing.

The season of Advent calls us to prepare. We prepare to celebrate his coming at Bethlehem long ago, we recognize his coming to us each day, and we faithfully anticipate his coming again. We invite you to join us in preparing for all of Jesus’ comings in our Advent reflections.

Following the theme, “Out of Darkness, Light,” we will post reflections each Sunday in Advent, featuring written word, visual art, and beautiful music from our Concordia musicians. We will post a final reflection on Christmas day.

Our prayer is that these materials bless you, enhance your Advent, and prepare you for a joyful, blessed Christmas.

If you would like to receive email reminders as these weekly reflections are posted, you can subscribe to our email list that is dedicated solely to these Advent devotions.

Blessed Advent,

Steve Mueller
Dean, Christ College

Walk With Us

Sign up to receive weekly devotions from December 2nd through Christmas day directly to your email.
Your email address will be used for no other purposes than these Advent devotions.

Email 
SUBSCRIBE
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

