https://www.cui.edu/terms-of-use
Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Terms of Use

AGREEMENT BETWEEN USER AND Concordia University Irvine

The Concordia University Irvine Web Site is comprised of various Web pages operated by Concordia University Irvine.

The Concordia University Irvine Web Site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the Concordia University Irvine Web Site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.

MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS OF USE

Concordia University Irvine reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Concordia University Irvine Web Site is offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with the use of the Concordia University Irvine Web Site.

LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES

The Concordia University Irvine Web Site may contain links to other Web Sites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Concordia University Irvine and Concordia University Irvine is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Concordia University Irvine is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. Concordia University Irvine is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Concordia University Irvine of the site or any association with its operators.

NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE

As a condition of your use of the Concordia University Irvine Web Site, you warrant to Concordia University Irvine that you will not use the Concordia University Irvine Web Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Concordia University Irvine Web Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Concordia University Irvine Web Site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Concordia University Irvine Web Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Concordia University Irvine Web Sites.

USE OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES

The Concordia University Irvine Web Site may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, "Communication Services"), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:

Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Concordia University Irvine has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Concordia University Irvine reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Concordia University Irvine reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time with