https://www.cui.edu/visit
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Visit Concordia University Irvine
Admissions Events
Meet Your Counselor
Talk to a Professor
Contact 
Schedule a Visit
Visit Concordia
A Campus and Community You'll Love

Concordia University Irvine​​’s beautiful, gated campus is perched on top of a hill in Irvine, one of America’s safest cities, located just 10 minutes from the beach and 20 minutes from Disneyland. Schedule a visit to explore our small class sizes, student organizations and activities, and close, caring community.

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Visit Scholarship

For a limited time, when you join us for an in-person campus visit, you'll receive a $500 scholarship for the 2024-2025 school year!

LEARN MORE
Take a Guided Tour ‌
Can’t make it to campus? Take a Virtual Tour
Upcoming Admissions Events

We hope you’ll join one of our admissions events and discover if Concordia is the right fit for you.

There are currently no upcoming events scheduled at this time. Check back soon!

VIEW FULL CALENDAR

Group Tours
Saturday Brunch Tours
Golden Eagle Day
Concordia Compass Webinars

Navigating the path to college can seem daunting, but Concordia faculty and staff are here to guide you every step of the way! Join our team as they help you prepare for your journey to Concordia University Irvine.

They’ll cover a variety of topics, from living on campus, planning courses, and athletics to student services and more.

NAVIGATE YOUR COLLEGE JOURNEY 

Planning Your Visit
‌
Scholarship Eligibility
Traditional undergraduate students qualify for the Campus Visit Scholarship by completing a personal campus visit scheduled through the cui.edu/visit page under Schedule a Visit.
Campus visit must occur between July 1, 2023 and April 30, 2024.
Group visits and event attendance, while highly encouraged, will not qualify students for the Campus Visit Scholarship.
For students who begin classes in Fall 2024, the scholarship will be split and dispersed evenly between the first two semesters. For students who begin classes in Spring 2025, the scholarship will be disbursed in full for the first semester.
Students being re-admitted to Concordia University Irvine are not eligible for the Campus Visit Scholarship. Not valid for Online Bachelor’s Degree or graduate students.
This is a one-time, non-renewable scholarship.
Prospective student athletes receiving an athletic scholarship are not eligible for the Campus Visit Scholarship.

SCHEDULE A VISIT

‌
Fly-in Reimbursement

To make it more feasible for prospective students to visit Concordia, we offer a one-time reimbursement of up to $500* for your own flight to visit us on campus.

You must be enrolled as a full-time undergraduate student through the first two weeks of the semester you start at CUI to be eligible for reimbursement.
The reimbursement program applies to an individual campus visit or event coordinated by the Office of Undergraduate Admissions prior to the start of the semester. It does not apply to travel for move-in day or the start of school.
Please purchase your flight upon confirmation of your visit by the Office of Undergraduate Admissions.

Important: To make the most of your visit, please speak with your admissions counselor before purchasing your flight.

*Due to NCAA legislation, prospective student-athletes may not be eligible for this one-time reimbursement. If you have any questions, please contact your Head Coach or the Associate Athletic Director for Compliance.

Recommended Airports
John Wayne Airport, Orange County (SNA): Driving time to campus is approximately 17 minutes [8.1 miles].
Long Beach Airport (LGB): Driving time is approximately 29 minutes [25.8 miles].
Los Angeles International Airport (LAX): Driving time is approximately 1 hour and 10 minutes [44.7 miles].
Ontario International Airport (ONT): Driving time is approximately 1 hour [46.5 miles].
‌
Hotel & Travel Information

We partner with local hotels to offer a discounted rate to our visitors.

 

Sonesta Simply Suites - Irvine Spectrum
16150 Sand Canyon Ave. Irvine, CA. 92618
https://www.sonesta.com/sonesta-simply-suites/ca/irvine/sonesta-simply-suites-irvine-spectrum
Enter discount code: 2CONCORD
Guests can also call the hotel directly at 949-788-0500 and ask for the 2CONCORD rate.

Sonesta Irvine Hotel
17941 Von Karman Avenue Irvine, CA 92614
https://www.sonesta.com/sonesta-hotels-resorts/ca/irvine/sonesta-irvine?isGroupCode=false&promoCode=SWBK
Guests can also call the hotel directly at (949) 863-1999 and let them know they are with Concordia University Irvine

#CONCORDIAIRVINE
FREEDOM TO EXPLORE YOUR FUTURE AND YOUR FAITH
Schedule a Visit
We are so excited to welcome you to our campus!
Contact Us

To learn more about upcoming events or visiting our campus, feel free to contact us directly.

visitsandevents@cui.edu
(949) 214-3668

Admissions Office Hours

Monday - Friday 8:00a.m. - 4:30p.m.
(949) 214-3010

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

