https://www.cui.edu/online/degrees/masters/international-studies/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Online
About
Degrees
Certificates
Financial Aid
Student Services
Apply
Request Info
M.A. International Studies
Regions 
Curriculum
Capstone
MAIS Team
Resources
Tuition & Financial Aid
Contact Us
Curriculum

The Master of Arts: International Studies program is comprised of a total of 32 units to be completed in 16-18 months online. Course MAIG 515 International Field Work includes 3 weeks of international travel, coordinated and led by MAIS faculty, to one of the four regions: China, Southeast Asia, Africa, and Latin America.

Coursework culminates with a Capstone Project that allows you to apply both the theoretical knowledge gained throughout the program and the practical observations and research from your international experience.

MAIS COURSES
32 Units
MAIG 501: Intercultural Competency
3

This course examines theories and issues related to intercultural communication, including principles and processes of communicating from one culture to another, how identity is negotiated in cross-cultural communication, and how communication across cultures affects behavior and attitudes. The course helps students implement strategies for effective interaction among members of different cultures. 

MAIG 502: Global Politics & Leadership
3

This course examines the most significant issues facing today’s global politics and leadership, including the key factors governing international relations, the techniques, instruments and common practices.  The course will further facilitate students’ understanding and analysis on global politics and their subtleties so they could be prepared to dissect and develop new strategies as global politics evolve.

MAIG 503: International Social Research Methods
3

This course will introduce students to fundamental social research methodologies and how they can be applied within international and multicultural contexts. Students will learn how to design experimental research, collect and analyze field data, and incorporate qualitative, quantitative or mixed method approaches. Through the course signature assignment, students will integrate social research methodologies to benefit international cultures, communities, and organizations.

MAIG 504: International Development Theory & Practices
3

This course examines the key theories, models and macro concerns in development while giving a historic overview of the practice of development in a global context. It explores topics such as poverty, gender, human rights, debt, economic development, globalization, and transformational/holistic development as well as provides a broad survey of development concepts, trends, actors, and challenges.  The signature assignment moves from these macro theories to application at a community level through the creation of a group project to help a specific group of people with a specific issue.

MAIG 505: Global Economics and Finance
3

This course examines and appraises the global economic and financial systems including their current practices, challenges and opportunities. In the signature assignment, students are asked to describe, interpret and compare the economic and financial practices of their region of choice in light of the global economic and financial landscapes.

MAIG 506: Global Religious Landscape
3

This course explains the world’s major religions and interprets their core beliefs and practices against an increasingly globalizing and multi-cultural environment. By the end of the course, students will be able to examine, analyze and critique the major world religions in a presentation or written reflection.

MAIG 507: Global Conflicts and Conflict Resolution
3

Students in this course will study the major conflicts faced by today’s world and analyze functional strategies to resolve those conflicts in a global context. In the signature assignment, students are asked to identify, interpret and critique a major global conflict and its resolution before recommending and defending an alternate set of resolutions enlightened by this course. Insights on how the chosen global conflict impacts the student’s region of focus should be included.

MAIG 508: Regional Focus
3

This is a guided study course where students will gain historical and cultural understanding on the region of their choice from a more academic perspective. Students will also examine the various contemporary issues faced by students’ chosen region and what future would hold in that region. The international field work related fees are assessed to this class.

MAIG 509: Social Change and Project Management
3

This is a guided study course in which students are to examine the contemporary issues faced by students' chosen region and what future would hold in that region by analyzing and integrating their international fieldwork experience and what they have learned in Regional Focus I. The signature assignment would be in the format of an oral presentation to both their class and their professors.

MAIG 515: International Field Trip
1

This course is comprised of seven (7) weeks total, with pre-departure briefing and preparation led by the course professor, three (3) weeks in the field and post-trip reflection. The 3-week field trip will be coordinated by MAIS to one of the four regions of the student’s choice: China, Latin America, Southeast Asia and Africa. The assignment for this course is in the format of a written report detailing the field trip and reflection in light of the relevant theoretical frameworks learned previously in the program. The field trip may include but is not limited to: experiential learning, business site visits and participatory service trips.

MAIG 600: Capstone Project (15 weeks)
4

This course will provide guidelines on how to complete the capstone project successfully within one 15-week semester. Students will be assigned a CUI-approved faculty advisor for the project. The goal is for students to synthesize, integrate, apply and showcase the theories, principles and knowledge acquired through MAIG coursework and other learning experiences on one or more aspects linked to their region of focus. The completed project needs to be reviewed and approved by first the capstone adviser and then the course instructor. MAIG 600 is to be taken once all other required courses have been successfully completed. Students who do not complete the previous courses are not eligible for this course. Students who do not receive final approval in one 15-week semester must enroll in MAIG 600E in the next consecutive semester. The total length of completion for the capstone project should not exceed four consecutive semesters. A graduation fee will be assessed upon the registration of MAIG-600.

MAIG 600E: Capstone Project Extension
0

This is the extension course available to those who do not complete the Capstone Project in MAIG 600. Students are billed $1,000 for this extension course. Students in the extension course will continue to receive the same level of guidance and support from the Capstone adviser and the course professor. The completed project needs to be reviewed and approved by both the Capstone adviser and the course instructor. Those who do not receive approval by the end of the semester will need to repeat the 4-unit MAIG 600 course during the following semester. The total length of completion for the Capstone should not exceed four consecutive semesters.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

