onflict and its resolution before recommending and defending an alternate set of resolutions enlightened by this course. Insights on how the chosen global conflict impacts the student’s region of focus should be included.

MAIG 508: Regional Focus
3

This is a guided study course where students will gain historical and cultural understanding on the region of their choice from a more academic perspective. Students will also examine the various contemporary issues faced by students’ chosen region and what future would hold in that region. The international field work related fees are assessed to this class.

MAIG 509: Social Change and Project Management
3

This is a guided study course in which students are to examine the contemporary issues faced by students' chosen region and what future would hold in that region by analyzing and integrating their international fieldwork experience and what they have learned in Regional Focus I. The signature assignment would be in the format of an oral presentation to both their class and their professors.

MAIG 515: International Field Trip
1

This course is comprised of seven (7) weeks total, with pre-departure briefing and preparation led by the course professor, three (3) weeks in the field and post-trip reflection. The 3-week field trip will be coordinated by MAIS to one of the four regions of the student’s choice: China, Latin America, Southeast Asia and Africa. The assignment for this course is in the format of a written report detailing the field trip and reflection in light of the relevant theoretical frameworks learned previously in the program. The field trip may include but is not limited to: experiential learning, business site visits and participatory service trips.

MAIG 600: Capstone Project (15 weeks)
4

This course will provide guidelines on how to complete the capstone project successfully within one 15-week semester. Students will be assigned a CUI-approved faculty advisor for the project. The goal is for students to synthesize, integrate, apply and showcase the theories, principles and knowledge acquired through MAIG coursework and other learning experiences on one or more aspects linked to their region of focus. The completed project needs to be reviewed and approved by first the capstone adviser and then the course instructor. MAIG 600 is to be taken once all other required courses have been successfully completed. Students who do not complete the previous courses are not eligible for this course. Students who do not receive final approval in one 15-week semester must enroll in MAIG 600E in the next consecutive semester. The total length of completion for the capstone project should not exceed four consecutive semesters. A graduation fee will be assessed upon the registration of MAIG-600.

MAIG 600E: Capstone Project Extension
0

This is the extension course available to those who do not complete the Capstone Project in MAIG 600. Students are billed $1,000 for this extension course. Students in the extension course will continue to receive the same level of guidance and support from the Capstone adviser and the course professor. The completed project needs to be reviewed and approved by both the Capstone adviser and the course instructor. Those who do not receive approval by the end of the semester will need to repeat the 4-unit MAIG 600 course during the following semester. The total length of completion for the Capstone should not exceed four consecutive semesters.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

