https://www.cui.edu/online/degrees/bachelors
Skip to Main Content

Online
About
Degrees
Certificates
Financial Aid
Student Services
Apply
Request Info
Online Bachelor's
Academic Resources
Admission
Degrees 
Faculty

Learning & Life

ONLINE BACHELOR'S DEGREES

EXPLORE

Online Bachelor's Degrees

At Concordia University Irvine, we know you play many roles in your life - you may be an Entrepreneur & an Artist, a Worker & a Learner, a Blogger & a Businesswoman, a Parent & a Volunteer. We also know that, because you juggle all these &s, your time is very valuable. As you consider advancing your education, you need an option that will fit into your life, on your time. Adding the role of student requires flexibility & affordability. You'll find that our online bachelor's degrees are convenient and very much tailored to the needs and unique capabilities of the adult learner. At Concordia University Irvine we recognize that you're seeking an education that will be relevant & valuable to you in the workplace.

Christian Education Leadership

For LCMS DCE Certification

Bachelor's, Online, Christ College
Christian Ministry
Bachelor's, Online, Christ College
Info nights.

Concordia University Irvine's Online Bachelor's Degree Program invites you to our upcoming online information session where you will have the opportunity to interact with program faculty and our admissions team. Learn more about Admissions requirements, financial aid, and more. Please register to confirm your participation. We look forward to meeting with you online soon!

For problems or assistance with online registration, please contact Sarah Martini at gradadmissionsevents@cui.edu or call 714-795-0124.

View a map of this location.

Featured alumni and faculty.
We fit learning into life.
Billy '11 (Business) & Lisa '09 (Liberal Arts) Berger
READ OUR STORY
Online community of learners.

Most degree programs require a local site or campus through which you earn your degree, but that is not the case with online bachelor's degrees offered through Concordia University Irvine. With our flexible online delivery format, you can live and work anywhere and take all of your courses to earn your bachelor’s degree online.

The design of our online curriculum makes use of some of the most innovative techniques in distance learning today. But we also recognize that students in online programs benefit from periodic real-time sessions. That’s why each of your courses will include regularly scheduled class times with your professors and peers. In these two-hour online sessions, which are scheduled once during the first, third, fifth, and seventh weeks of each course, you and your classmates will participate in live lectures and discussions. This online delivery system provides the opportunity to engage with our excellent faculty and network with other students in your cohort, while still offering the flexibility of a fully online degree program.

Without Concordia University, going back to school with a family and a full-time job would have been nearly impossible... And the lessons I learned go far beyond the academic textbooks. I learned that my dreams are attainable; doors that I once thought were closed are now opened because of the help of the staff and students at Concordia.

Erica Randall

The right people.

Faculty in the online bachelor's degree program are experts in their subject areas who care about your success. Regardless of which degree program you select, you can be confident that all online courses are skillfully designed by full-time faculty members who understand the dynamic learning needs of real students. Their experience and insight into educational service areas have built a reputation for excellence in the local community. Whatever your next steps may entail, you have a rich resource in Concordia faculty to help you grow professionally and prepare for your vocation in education.

MEET OUR FACULTY

Tuition and fees.

When you maintain continuous enrollment the tuition will remain the same throughout the program. Tuition does not include the price of textbooks.

Tuition/Fee	Cost
Application Fee	$50
Graduation Fee	Graduation Fee
Tuition/unit (New Students Summer/Fall '24 / Spring '25)	$495
SEE FINANCIAL AID
Get started today.

Have questions about Concordia University's online bachelor's degrees? Not sure how to get started? Fill out the form below, and one of our admissions counselors will get in touch with you.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
Program of Interest 
- Select a Program -
Christian Education Leadership
Christian Ministry
CMC: Pastoral Certification
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Off