https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/provost
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
 
OFFICE OF THE PROVOST
Providing leadership for academic excellence at Concordia University Irvine
ACADEMICS
Schools, degrees, and programs
ASSESSMENT
Accreditation and assessment
QUICK FACTS
CUI at a glance
Welcome from the Provost

Welcome to the website of the Office of the Provost, which has been created as a source of information and resources for Concordia University Irvine faculty and those who would like to learn about the many facets of the academic enterprise at Concordia University Irvine. Beyond providing resources and information, this Provost site is also a place to highlight the outstanding work being done by university faculty, programs, departments, colleges, and schools.

About the Office

The Senior Vice President and Provost is the chief academic officer of the University with responsibility for guiding the academic development and direction of the institution in accordance with the University's mission.

Concordia University Irvine, a comprehensive Lutheran Christian university guided by Christ’s Great Commission, develops wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens to serve society and the church. 

The Provost's Office has primary responsibility of implementing the University's academic strategic plan and serves as liaison with other University divisions in strategic and long-range planning.  The Provost's Office has budgetary responsibility for campus academic programs and resources and oversees the development, review, and implementation of all academic policies and regulations.

The Office of the Provost also leads faculty searches, hiring, development, rank and contract processes; oversees the academic governance of the institution; collaborates on creating, implementing, and renewing academic programs; and assists with accreditation processes.  

If we can provide further information, please contact us:

Rev. Dr. Scott Ashmon
Senior Vice President, Provost
Concordia University Irvine
1530 Concordia West, Irvine, CA 92612
Grimm Hall 316
(949) 214-3735

Academic Oversight

Academic offices and programs that report to the Provost include:

Academic Coaching
Center for Civics Education
Christ College
Enduring Questions & Ideas
Forensics
Honors Program
Information Technology Services
Institutional Review Board
Moon International Center
Office of Innovative Instruction and eLearning
Office of Institutional Research and Assessment
Office of the Registrar
School of Arts and Sciences
School of Business and Economics
School of Education
School of Health and Human Sciences
Schroeder Library
Townsend Institute
Writing Studio
Academic Spotlight:
Enduring Questions & Ideas

Concordia University Irvine’s ground-breaking Core curriculum, introduced in 2010, did so much to elevate academic performance and campus conversations that the University has restructured its general education courses in a significant and similar way. The result is Concordia University Irvine’s signature Enduring Questions & Ideas (Q&I) curriculum which takes big questions—such as “What is liberty?” “Who am I and who are they?” and “Who do you say that I am?”—and makes them the focus of each general education course.

Continue reading: Taking on Big Questions
Academic Accolades

An Annual Report of Academic Accomplishments from Concordia University Irvine's Community

2023 Edition
2022 Edition
2021 Edition
2020 Edition
Faculty Spotlight:
Dr. Camelia Raghinaru and Dr. Nathan Meier

English Professor Dr. Camelia Raghinaru reveals how her personal experiences in Communist Romania shaped her worldview and how her worldview changed once she came to the United States. After accepting a job at Concordia University Irvine, she found even greater spiritual freedom through a Lutheran perspective.

Kinesiology professor and epidemiologist Nathan Meier inspires students in the research lab and connects with athletes as the judo club advisor. Meier provides students with original research opportunities to give them an advantage in their post-college careers.

Continue reading:
Dr. Raghinaru's Journey to Freedom
Dr. Meier's Research and Mentorship for Body and Soul
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

