https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/writing-studio
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Writing Studio

About
Make an Appointment
Online Writing Lab
Workshops
Job Application
Resources
Voice Paint
Grammarly
 
 
Writing Studio

Welcome! The Writing Studio at Concordia University Irvine is a service dedicated to supporting all members of the campus community in their development as writers and critical thinkers. We offer synchronous and asynchronous consultations for undergraduate and graduate students working on writing assignments from across the curriculum. Any course. Any paper. Any time.

In addition to our work with writers, we offer course-specific and campus-wide workshops on a variety of topics, as well as writing resources for students and faculty that cover a wide range of subjects.

Through the Writing Studio, the Concordia University Irvine community of students, faculty, and staff have free access to Grammarly – an educational website designed to spot and correct grammatical errors, contextual spelling mistakes, poor word choice, plagiarism, and more.

And, of course, we invite you to read our Writing Studio blog, Voice Paint, a space for Concordia University Irvine students, faculty, and staff to share perspectives on writing and the writing process.

If you have questions or comments about the Writing Studio, please don’t hesitate to contact us.

Our best regards,

Kristen Schmidt, Director
kristen.schmidt@cui.edu

Zoe Litzenberg, Assistant Director
zoe.litzenberg@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

