https://www.cui.edu/apply
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Apply to Concordia University Irvine
Now Accepting Applications

Ready to join a caring, committed community of undergraduate and graduate students? Apply to Concordia today and choose from over 60 programs designed to prepare you for all of your life’s callings.

START YOUR APPLICATION

If you are a first-time college student or transfer student applying for a bachelor’s degree, you can log in to continue your online undergraduate application. We also gladly accept the common app.

“There is a reason that Concordia alumni stick around. People really care here. The people who work here are relentless in their pursuit of student success. While we are a relatively young campus, the legacy that you enter into as a Concordia student is one of hospitality, love and Christian community.”

Jessica J., ’19

Undergraduate Programs
First-Year Students

A first-year student is a current high school student who will be attending a college or university for the first time. Entering freshmen may submit an application any time after the completion of their junior year of high school.

ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS
Transfer Students

A transfer student is an applicant who has enrolled and earned units at a postsecondary institution following high school graduation and prior to entering Concordia University Irvine.

ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS
Readmitted Student

A readmitted student is an applicant who has previously attended Concordia University Irvine but withdrew or transferred to another institution and now desires to re-enroll.

ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS
International Students

An international student is an applicant who does not hold U.S. citizenship or lawful permanent residency.

ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS
Homeschool Students

A homeschooled student is an applicant who is entering college after pursuing an independent high school education.

ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS
Graduate Students

A graduate student is an applicant with a conferred bachelor’s or master’s degree from a regionally accredited institution.

APPLY FOR A GRADUATE PROGRAM
Online Students

Students looking for more flexibility can choose from online bachelor’s, master’s, doctoral, and certificate programs.

APPLY FOR AN ONLINE PROGRAM
Nursing Students

For those called to join the nursing field, Concordia offers programs to help you become an excellent, compassionate, and competent nurse.

ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS
“Concordia is preparing me for my various callings in life through professors who connect with me and challenge me and an internship that has given me great career advice and experience.”

Emma M., ’23

Why Choose Concordia?

At Concordia, you have the freedom to explore your future and your faith.

Explore Over 60 Programs

Choose from over 60 career-relevant undergraduate and graduate programs offered on campus or online. Learn in small, collaborative classes taught by Christian faculty.

Examine Life's Toughest Questions

Our Enduring Questions & Ideas curriculum will challenge you to explore life’s toughest questions and prepare you with the lifelong skills you need now and into the future.

Grow in Your Faith

At Concordia, you have the option to attend Chapel, Bible studies, mission trips, and more. Here, you can explore the Christian faith and develop your own relationship with God.

Join a Caring Community

Whether you live on our beautiful Southern California campus or earn your degree online, you’ll be part of a close, connected community that’s committed to your growth.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

