ce of Christian theology, namely the Holy Scriptures by drawing upon them as well as historical and doctrinal writings by Christian theologians as students examine major teachings of the Christian faith enabling them to understand and articulate the basic tenets of Christianity. Co-requisites: CPhi 200; written permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CTHL 200 as an unlinked course.
Q&I Exploration Courses

Concordia’s Q&I Exploration courses build on Q&I Core. You will explore more big questions in disciplines like economics, exercise and sport science, astronomy, chemistry, music, creative writing, anthropology, and psychology.

Throughout Q&I, you will wrestle with life's foundational questions and ideas. You will be challenged to read great works closely, think critically and creatively about problems, communicate your ideas effectively in writing and speech, and make meaningful connections between academic disciplines, the Christian faith, and life. By developing your knowledge and strengthening your intellectual habits, you will become broadly prepared for life and further studies. You will develop into a wise, honorable, and cultivated citizen who can tackle life's challenges and use your gifts to serve society and the church.

“Who Do You Say That I Am?”

The biggest questions that people ask are spiritual questions. Who am I? Is this all that there is? Where did I come from? Where am I going? Is there such a thing as truth? Are all religions the same? Is God knowable? How can we know (about) God? Jesus asked his disciples the most important question: “Who do you say that I am?” (Mark 8:29). This question about Jesus—and all he taught, did, claimed to be, and the impact he had/has on life—still echoes in our ears expecting an answer. Courses that explore this critical question (and others related to it) examine God's self-revelation, and consider people's reception of it and their response to it.

View Courses
CHOOSE 2 OF THE FOLLOWING COURSES:
6 Units
THL 105: Life of Christ
3
This course provides an introduction to Christianity through the life and work of Christ. It begins with the study of Jesus in the Gospels and then moves into the rest of Scripture. The theological, historical, and cultural background and significance of Christ will be examined. The unity and reliability of Scripture will also be addressed. This course is designed primarily for the student who has had little or no contact with Western culture, and no formal education or exposure to Christian doctrine and practice. Departmental approval is required to register for this course.
THL 201: History and Literature of the Old Testament
3
This course will investigate the literature of the Old Testament in light of its cultural and canonical contexts with an emphasis on its major theological questions and themes and their relevance for Christian faith and life.
THL 202: History and Literature of the New Testament
3
Through a historical and literary survey of the New Testament, this course will emphasize theological themes and their relevance for Christian faith and life.
THL 311: Old Testament Book of the Bible
3
This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the Old Testament or several books in their entirety which will vary from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite: THL 201 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different book is studied.
THL 312: New Testament Book of the Bible
3
This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the New Testament or several smaller books in their entirety which will vary from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisites: THL 201 and THL 202 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different book is studied.
How Shall I Live?

How shall I live well? Health can be defined as a state of being indicating signs and symptoms of disease or lack of disease. As such there is an emphasis on lifestyle and lifestyle changes to promote optimal health and longevity. Wellness, however, can be seen as a system of living oriented toward maximizing potential with a focus on self-responsibility. In this approach, one can be intellectually well but physically unwell; one can be socially well but spiritually unwell. These dimensions are not either/or dichotomies as each dimension is a continuum. The emphasis here is viewing the person—or, by extension, the community—as a whole and not only as a body of systems. Courses that explore this question address wellness from multiple dimensions such as spiritual, vocational, physical, emotional, ethical, political, social, and economic wellness.

View Courses
CHOOSE 1 OF THE FOLLOWING COURSES:
3 Units
DAN 145: Dance for Health
3
Dance for health is an activity-based course that surveys physical, mental, spiritual, emotional and social aspects of health which can be achieved through dance as a healthy lifestyle habit. Students 