https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/academics/core
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Enduring Questions & Ideas (Q&I)
UNDERGRADUATE GENERAL EDUCATION
ON THIS PAGE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Q&I Explained

Concordia is among a distinctive group of universities that offer a coherent liberal arts curriculum for all of its students. Rather than asking you to cobble together a meaningful general education experience from a vast array of disconnected distribution courses, our signature curriculum Enduring Questions & Ideas (Q&I, for short) is carefully crafted so that you discover the purpose of a liberal arts education - to grow intellectually, ethically, and spiritually. Through Q&I Core and Exploration courses, all Concordia students engage in an academic experience that provides a foundation for further learning and for life.

Concordia University Irvine is a member of the Association for Core Texts and Courses. This prestigious association "is dedicated to the use of core texts, that is, world classics, in commonly-taken, undergraduate, liberal arts courses."  Instead of reading textbooks about great ideas, you will read the primary sources in a variety of disciplines, allowing you to "play along" with the great thinkers and artists of the past.

Why Q&I?

We believe Q&I is among the most distinctive undergraduate curriculums in the nation. Recent data from our students and alumni shows the impact it's having – in the classroom and the workplace.

LEARN MORE
Q&I Core Courses

Q&I Core is comprised of classic liberal arts courses offered in small, innovative learning communities. Q&I Core courses are taken together in linked pairs: biology with theology, mathematics with philosophy, and history with literature. For transfer students, we offer a unique pair: philosophy with theology. Q&I Core classes typically have just 25 students, giving you a close-knit learning community.

Concordia's Q&I Core classes are mostly taught by full-time professors. Interaction with the professors is not limited to the classroom setting either. You are encouraged to meet with your professors during office hours. In fact, Q&I Core classes typically offer tutorials where you meet with your professors individually to discuss your papers and develop your ideas.

What are Truth, Goodness, & Beauty?
Math & Philosophy

Philosophers and mathematicians in ancient Greece found themselves wondering about some of the same questions. “What is truth?” How can I identify something that is certain, valid, and complete, and must I cultivate certain virtues to find it? “What is beauty?” What are the objective attributes that identify beauty and why do some objects look beautiful while others do not? “What is good?” What and where is goodness in the world, and why should I pursue it? The Core Mathematics 101 and Core Philosophy 101 courses engage students in these same questions by examining great works and ideas. Students will come to see the individual and social significance of these questions in our own day, and they will be challenged to read carefully, think rigorously, and write well in order to develop reasoned answers to them.

FRESHMAN YEAR
CPHI 101: Introduction to Philosophy
3
This course will explore the study and practice of rational inquiry into fundamental questions about human wisdom, action, and creativity through the study of the traditions of Western philosophy through classic texts. Co-requisite: CMTH 101; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CPHI 101 as an unlinked course.
CMTH 101: The Nature of Mathematics
3
This course will guide students to gain knowledge about the nature of mathematics and develop their analytical reasoning skills to solve problems through topics such as number theory, probability and statistics, infinity, Non-Euclidean geometry, and general problem solving strategies; additional topics selected in dialog with the philosophy course. The overriding goals of this course are to develop a better perspective of mathematics and discover the power of mathematical thinking. Writing and projects, as well as traditional methods of assessment, will be used. Prerequisite: Intermediate Algebra or equivalent; co-requisite: CPHI 101; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CMTH 101 as an unlinked course.
What is Truth?
Biology & Theology

People have asked this question since they have been able to speak to one another. It confronts the intellectual struggles humans have had with the idea of reality. Answering simply that truth is “what is right or factual” or “what is not false” are often posited; but when answers such as this are thought about in any depth, they are found wanting. This is why we ask this question in Core Biology 101 and Core Theology 101. It helps students realize that, while the sciences and religion set forth strong cl