on; social interaction, relationships, deviance, control, institutions, processes, and change; family and educational problems; child abuse; crime and delinquency; and drug, alcohol, and tobacco abuse.
REL 321: World Religions
3
This survey course of the world's major non-Christian religions will include motifs, belief patterns, ritual and worship, ethics and social patterns, origin and development, and sacred writings.
Reforming General Education

Our Q&I curriculum recently received national recognition in a 2018 report by The Chronicle of Higher Education, a premiere publication for academic affairs among colleges and universities. As one of only three institutional profiles in the report, Q&I was highlighted for the way we have refreshed our general-education courses by focusing on timeless questions and great texts. The results have been significant – not only in increased intellectual habits but in soaring student engagement.

READ MORE

Learning outcomes don’t motivate students. Questions do.

Rev. Dr. Scott A. Ashmon, Associate Provost

Q&I Experienced
Q&I Resources
Q&I Core Peer Tutors

Concordia's Q&I Core Tutoring Center has dozens of peers who have excelled in these courses and want to help you excel, too. Tutors can help you with your readings, papers, assignments, and study skills. Tutoring is free of charge.

Q&I Convocations

Q&I Convocations model serious engagement with enduring questions and issues of local, national, and global significance. Each convocation is associated with one of the ten great questions that structure the Q&I curriculum.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

