g strategies; additional topics selected in dialog with the philosophy course. The overriding goals of this course are to develop a better perspective of mathematics and discover the power of mathematical thinking. Writing and projects, as well as traditional methods of assessment, will be used. Prerequisite: Intermediate Algebra or equivalent; co-requisite: CPHI 101; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CMTH 101 as an unlinked course.
What is Truth?
Biology & Theology

People have asked this question since they have been able to speak to one another. It confronts the intellectual struggles humans have had with the idea of reality. Answering simply that truth is “what is right or factual” or “what is not false” are often posited; but when answers such as this are thought about in any depth, they are found wanting. This is why we ask this question in Core Biology 101 and Core Theology 101. It helps students realize that, while the sciences and religion set forth strong claims about the objectivity of the truth, no claim to truth is absolutely neutral, objective, or without the influence of a culture or intellectual paradigm. We can change our minds. We can evaluate our cultures and paradigms. But this takes dedication to a broad and deep conversation across disciplines. The question “What Is Truth?” puts students on a path toward the realization that truth without culture is not possible in human society. It encourages us to critically evaluate our biases, and to challenge the idea that there is a completely neutral, secular vantage point from which an observer might investigate the world. Finally, it allows us to understand the truth of this life’s experiences in light of the Truth incarnate: the person of Jesus Christ.

FRESHMAN YEAR
CBIO 101: Integrated Biology
3
This interdisciplinary, topic-driven course will review relevant issues in biology (and other disciplines) as they relate to current times including biotechnology, protein synthesis, biodiversity, conservation, evolution, reproductive technology, etc. which are discussed using current scientific data and its relationship to current issues. This is a liberal arts science course and draws upon disciplines such as history, theology and philosophy. Lab time is included in the schedule. Co-requisite: CTHL 101; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CBIO 101 as an unlinked course.
CTHL 101: Foundations of Christian Theology
3
This course will study the source of Christian theology, namely the Holy Scriptures. Drawing upon the Scriptures as well as historical and doctrinal writings by Christian theologians, students will examine major teachings of the Christian faith with differing understandings of these teachings being explored and, when appropriate, enabling them to understand and articulate the basic tenets of Christianity. Co-requisite: CBIO 101; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CTHL 101 as an unlinked course.
Choose one of the following:
What is Freedom?
History & Literature

Freedom is difficult to define. In fact, it is usually defined negatively, that is, by the absence of certain things like coercion, slavery, imprisonment, and tyranny. And as difficult as it is to define, freedom is even more challenging to implement. It is always conditional and limited because it can actually conflict with other features of a good society, such as security, order, justice, or equality. At what point, then, do the conditions and limitations on freedom actually destroy it? To what extent should we sacrifice other good features like security or equality for the sake of freedom? The Core English 202 and Core History 202 courses seek to make sense of the modern world by engaging with great works of literature and political philosophy from the last four centuries as they grapple with these and other problems posed by the quest for freedom.

SOPHOMORE YEAR
CENG 201: World Literature to the Renaissance
3
This course will focus on critical thinking and research-based writing through comparative and interdisciplinary analysis. Alongside lectures and class discussion, the study of representative great works of Western and non-Western literature from Antiquity, the Middle Ages, and the Renaissance will emphasize the literary, cultural, and religious significance of these texts. Co-requisite: CHST 201; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CENG 201 as an unlinked course.
CHST 201: The West and the World
3
This course will study the emergence and expansion of the major political, cultural, social, and economic developments in the East and the West from the dawn of Western civilization to the early modern era through the reading of significant texts and research-based writing, alongside lectures and class discussion. Co-requisite: CENG 201; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CHST 201 as an unlinked course.
-or-
SOPHOMORE YEAR
CENG 202: World Literature from the Enlightenment
3
This course will f