 thinking and research-based writing through comparative and interdisciplinary analysis. Alongside lectures and class discussion, the study of representative great works of Western and non-Western literature from Antiquity, the Middle Ages, and the Renaissance will emphasize the literary, cultural, and religious significance of these texts. Co-requisite: CHST 201; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CENG 201 as an unlinked course.
CHST 201: The West and the World
3
This course will study the emergence and expansion of the major political, cultural, social, and economic developments in the East and the West from the dawn of Western civilization to the early modern era through the reading of significant texts and research-based writing, alongside lectures and class discussion. Co-requisite: CENG 201; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CHST 201 as an unlinked course.
-or-
SOPHOMORE YEAR
CENG 202: World Literature from the Enlightenment
3
This course will focus on critical thinking and research-based writing through comparative and interdisciplinary analysis. Alongside lectures and class discussions, the study of representative great works of Western and non-Western literature from the 17th century to the present will emphasize the literary, cultural, and religious significance of these texts. Co-requisite: CHST 301; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CENG 301 as an unlinked course.
CHST 202: America and the World
3
This course will look at the political, cultural, social, and economic developments in America and the world from the rise of the modern nation/state to the modern age through the reading of significant texts and research-based writing, alongside lectures and class discussion. Co-requisite: CENG 301; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CHST 301 as an unlinked course.
Concordia's Q&I Core is rich in both educational traditions of the West and new explorations of the traditions of the wider world. Concordia's Q&I Core provides both disciplinary and interdisciplinary means of education, grounded in the Western, secular and Judeo-Christian, intellectual and spiritual developments, that will allow students to reach out from the West to works, faiths, and traditions around the world. The Q&I Core courses are remindful of the great courses in Literature, Humanities and Civilization that have been offered to students at some of the finest universities in the land.

J. Scott Lee, Founding Executive Director of the Association for Core Texts and Courses

Q&I Core Courses for Transfer Students

A unique pairing of philosophy and theology Core courses has been designed for students transferring with 30 or more semester units. They will explore the question of what it means to be human.

What Does It Mean to be Human?

What is the common human condition? Can a human being know anything about God with certainty? Do we have souls? How about free will? What does it mean for a human being to be the object of redemption by an infinitely merciful Savior? How should a human being live and why? Which virtues, if any, are important in human life? Answers to these and similar questions have enormous consequences for individuals and society. Core Theology 200 and Core Philosophy 200 help students develop reasoned answers to questions such as these by engaging the Scriptures and classic texts to examine what it means to be human.

REQUIRED COURSES FOR ALL TRANSFER STUDENTS
CPHI 200: Introduction to Philosophical Inquiry
3
This course will explore the study and practice of rational inquiry into fundamental questions about human wisdom, action, and creativity as students learn the elements of rational inquiry through the study of the traditions of western philosophy through classic texts. Co-requisite: CThl 200; written permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CPHI 200 as an unlinked course.
CTHL 200: Introduction to Theological Thought
3
This course will study the source of Christian theology, namely the Holy Scriptures by drawing upon them as well as historical and doctrinal writings by Christian theologians as students examine major teachings of the Christian faith enabling them to understand and articulate the basic tenets of Christianity. Co-requisites: CPhi 200; written permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CTHL 200 as an unlinked course.
Q&I Exploration Courses

Concordia’s Q&I Exploration courses build on Q&I Core. You will explore more big questions in disciplines like economics, exercise and sport science, astronomy, chemistry, music, creative writing, anthropology, and psychology.

Throughout Q&I, you will wrestle with life's foundational questions and ideas. You will be challenged to read great works closely, think critically and creatively about problems, communicate your ideas effectively in writing and speech, and make meaningful connections between academic disciplines, the Christian faith, and life. By developing your k