https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/academics/early-college-program
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Early College Program
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

The Early College Program of Concordia University Irvine offers high school students the opportunity to get a jump start on college at a great price. High school students can take some of Concordia's courses online or with partner high schools.

Dual Credit Courses

Concordia partners with some high schools to offer dual credit courses. These courses are typically honors or AP courses offered to juniors or seniors at the local high school. They are taught by instructors qualified to teach at the college level. The high school courses align with and fulfill specific Concordia courses. The credit units for these courses are transferable. Contact your high school to find out what dual credit courses are available.

Early College Online Courses

Concordia offers some online general education (GE) courses in the fall and spring semesters. Courses in the fall or spring tend to be 15 weeks long. The credit units for these courses are transferable. Highly capable, motivated (rising) juniors and (rising) seniors may apply to take these courses. For a list of online GE courses being offered and deadlines for enrollment, contact the Registrar’s Office at registrar@cui.edu. Fill out the application below to enroll in early college online courses.

EARLY COLLEGE PROGRAM REGISTRATION

Cost

Early college online courses cost $200 per unit plus a $50 student service fee for the initial enrollment and an official transcript. Books are additional and should be purchased before each course starts. There are no scholarships available for early college online courses. For the cost of dual credit courses, contact your high school.

Technology

Each student taking an early college online course must have access to a computer and the internet. Students also need to have a camera, microphone, and speakers connected to the computer, or through another device such as a tablet, in order to participate live in tutorials with the professor or seminar discussions with classmates.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

