https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/student-leadership/index/id/24935
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Heritage Garden
Stories
Liability Waivers 
Contact 
Donate Today
 
EXPLORE 
Donate Today!
Become a Friend of the Heritage Garden
The Heritage Garden

Established in 2013, this 5-acre garden aims to bless others by cultivating a space for students, faculty, staff, and community to lead, to learn, and to serve. We accomplish this mission by serving as a venue for Educational Outreach, Student and Faculty Research, Undergraduate Classes, and Community Service events. Harvested fruits and vegetables are donated to the University’s café.

The site consists of a 40-bed community garden, greenhouse, 30-tree fruit and nut orchard, apiary, prayer garden, and spaces devoted to the cultivation of native Southern California plants. The Heritage Garden is directed by Tyler Zarubin who holds an M.Sc. in Zoology and is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Biology. The Heritage Garden is operated entirely by Concordia students who maintain the grounds, coordinate outreach and service events, and facilitate student research. Our work is supported both by Concordia University and through the generous donations of our community.

Educational Outreach

We are blessed to be a blessing and one of the ways we do this is through our Outreach program to the surrounding community. The goal of the Outreach program is educating young and old alike in basic horticultural techniques and to provide a more direct connection to the fruits and vegetables we consume. If you are interested in visiting the Heritage Garden for your next field trip, please contact Tyler Zarubin at tyler.zarubin@cui.edu.

Student Research

Supporting student and faculty research is a vital role of the Heritage Garden. In partial fulfillment of their graduation requirements, all Biology majors construct and carry out independent scientific research under the mentorship of a faculty member. The Heritage Garden provides a large space with dedicated facilities for scientific research that include a greenhouse, apiary and a 20-plot native plant research garden.

Community Service

Local Scout Troops, Clubs, or other organizations are invited to organize service projects in our garden, and workdays are scheduled on a regular basis throughout the academic year. In addition to service opportunities, friends and neighbors are welcome to adopt and care for a bed in our Community Garden. If you’re interested in adopting a garden bed or volunteering please contact Professor Tyler Zarubin at tyler.zarubin@cui.edu.

New Prayer Garden Dedicated in Irvine
Campus Buzzzzz
Interest Blooms in the Heritage Garden
Visit the Heritage Garden
We are located at 1530 Concordia West, Irvine, CA 92612
Planning for your Visit
Garden Etiquette
Though you are welcome to walk through the entire garden, we ask that you do not pick any of the fruits or vegetables. Much of the produce is given to our café for incorporation into student meals.
Only service animals are allowed into the Garden.
All forms of smoking are prohibited.

Thank you for your cooperation!

Support
Become a Friend of the Heritage Garden

The Heritage Garden, CUI is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization that depends on the support of generous individuals and businesses who believe in our mission to bless others by cultivating a space for students, faculty, staff, and community to lead, to learn, and to serve. A donation of any amount will sustain this place of beauty, refuge, and hands-on learning.

DONATE TODAY
Student Spotlight: Ruby Sanchez and Emma Johnson
Student Club Membership
Join the Garden Club or Beekeeping Club

Interested in getting involved in the Heritage Garden? Consider joining the Heritage Garden club and working with other students to harvest produce and donate it to the Cafe, assist with outreach opportunities, help maintain the beehives in our apiary, work on developing a business plan for the sale of honey, or engage in ecological research in our research garden. Please email Ruby Sanchez or Emma Johnson at ruby.sanchez@eagles.cui.edu or emma.johnson2@eagles.cui.edu for more information.

Contact Us

Tyler Zarubin
Assistant Professor of Biology, Heritage Garden Director
tyler.zarubin@cui.edu
949-214-3302

Tell us what clubs you're interested in, and our ASCUI Club Commissioner will connect you with the right people.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Comments
Club(s) / Organization(s) 
SEND NOW
Make a Gift Today
Donor Advised Fund (DAF)
Consider making your gift through a Donor Advised Fund (DAF). Learn more here.

Or log in to your account:

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Sa