https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/living-learning-communities
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Living Learning Communities

Mission & Purpose
Communities 
Why Join an LLC?
How to Apply
Faculty In Residence
Contact Us
Related Links 
STUDENT LIFE
Living Learning Communities

At Concordia University Irvine, you can make the most of our world-class education and campus experience. Concordia University Irvine believes that the learning environment extends beyond the traditional lecture hall or laboratory and into the informal learning spaces of the residence halls, recreation areas, and gathering places. Our residence halls provide many opportunities for you to create lifelong friendships, build leadership skills, work, have fun, and access academic support to keep you on the road to graduation and success. You will be supported and challenged to experience more and accomplish more so you can become the leaders who will transform yourselves and the world.

Students do not think of their lives as bifurcated by the classroom door. For students, college is a stream of learning opportunities.

- George Kuh

Dear Students,

It is with great pleasure and excitement that we extend a warm welcome to each and every one of you as you anticipate living in one of our LLCs, Living Learning Communities. It is a blessing to have you as a part of this vibrant and supportive community dedicated to fostering learning, growth, and a sense of belonging.

The Living Learning Communities are not just a place to reside; it is a unique environment where you will have the opportunity to learn, collaborate, and build lasting connections with your peers and the Faculty/Staff in Residence. Here, you will find a space that encourages personal and academic development.

Global Village - Monique Nunes (Mrs. Mo), LLC Staff in Residence
A community of globally-minded students who love both their local and distant neighbors through exploration of culture, convictions, and connections.

Bella Amore - Dr. Kristen Koenig, LLC Faculty in Residence
A community of Concordia women connecting to explore their multiple callings, grapple with their impact on society and find what is right, pure, lovely, and admirable.

The Creative Edge - Dr. Christian Hauser, LLC Faculty in Residence
A community of artists who will live to celebrate the many creative gifts God gave us. Calling all poets, musicians, visual artists, sculptures, dancers, dramatists, actors, songwriters – any and all who love being creative and value aesthetic beauty.

Polis Plaza - Dr. Bryan Santin, LLC Faculty in Residence
A community of students rooted in Concordia University's Christ-centered mission to produce wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens. We come together to wrestle with the complexities of ethics, politics, faith, and pop culture.

Your time in the Living Learning Communities is not just a chapter in your life; it's an opportunity to learn, grow, and create memories that will last a lifetime. We encourage you to make the most of this experience, to challenge yourself, and to celebrate your achievements along the way.

Once again, welcome to the Living Learning Communities. We are excited to share this experience with you and look forward to all the incredible moments and discoveries that God has in store for us!

Serving Him,
Monique Nunes, MA
Associate Dean for Student Engagement

Featured Articles
Mural-painting Student Beautifies Public Spaces

Posted on 4/3/2024 - 3 minute read

Miles Gunnett, a 21-year-old senior from Ramona, San Diego County, has established himself as a burgeoning mural artist at Concordia and beyond. His artwork, featured both on campus and in his hometown, reflects his passion for creativity and community. Despite his growing success as an artist, Gunnett remains committed to his faith and plans to pursue a career in teaching after graduation, aiming to inspire future generations while continuing to paint.

VIEW POST »

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

