nd can live for well over a decade!

 

Our students and faculty have extended their Pismo clam research to investigate a number of questions about this species' ecology, behavior, physiology, and potential for aquaculture. This research has produced a peer reviewed scientific article, been presented at symposia, is featured in the CA Department of Fish and Wildlife Pismo clam Enhanced Status Report, and has been reported in the media. Follow the links below to see some of the student and faculty presentations about this research:

Escape Burrowing Poster Presentation (S. Bignami et al., Western Society of Naturalists Symposium, 2021)
Movement Tracking Oral Presentation (S. Bignami et al., Western Society of Naturalists Symposium, 2020)
Behavioral Characterization Oral Presentation (S. Neu et al., Western Society of Naturalists Symposium, 2020)
Population Assessment Poster (N. Kolander & S. Bignami, Western Society of Naturalists Symposium, 2017)
Abalone Aquaculture and Restoration

The Marine Lab collaborates with getinspiredinc.org to advance green abalone population restoration efforts. Our aquaculture science research is helping improve the captive production of juveniles for eventual release to the wild.

Photo: Juvenile green abalone like these will be raised at the Concordia Marine Lab and eventually be released to the wild in an effort to restore local populations.

Intertidal Community Monitoring

We are happy to work with Oregon State University and many other institutions in a collaborative effort to determine how the rocky intertidal community is responding to the recent decline of predatory sea stars as a result of sea star wasting disease. Our faculty and students study two long-term monitoring sites in Orange County.

Photo: Hannah ('20) and Caden ('20) survey a mussel bed community at daybreak as part of ongoing sea star wasting disease research.

Student Research

The Marine Lab hosts a variety of student research projects throughout the year, both in the field and lab. We are proud to support our students as they aspire to explore the natural world!

More Information
Visit the Lab

Open hours: no pre-scheduled open hours are offered at the moment, but please contact us to see if we can accommodate a visit.
Location: Founders Hall Room 100

Support

Current and previous support has been provided by the California Sea Grant, California Coastal Commission Whale Tail grant program, the Orange County Community Foundation, the Concordia Alumni Association, and the donations of individuals.

Donations made to the Marine Lab help to support our ongoing animal collection and care, as well as the operation of our outreach program and research projects. Your support can be directed to the general budget or specific aspects of our programs.

 
DONATE NOW
How to get involved

The Concordia Marine Lab operates primarily through the work of dedicated student volunteers from Concordia and other institutions. If you are interested in getting involved with the Marine Lab please contact us at marine.lab@cui.edu

Contact Us

Director: Dr. Sean Bignami, Associate Professor of Biology
marine.lab@cui.edu
949-214-3300

Make a Gift Today
Donor Advised Fund (DAF)
Consider making your gift through a Donor Advised Fund (DAF). Learn more here.

Or log in to your account:

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

