https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/arts-sciences/marine-lab
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
 
What is the Concordia Marine Lab?

The Marine Lab was founded in 2014 to serve three main purposes by providing a valuable resource for Educational Outreach, Undergraduate Classes, and Student and Faculty Research. The Marine Lab facility consists of a ~2,000 gallon recirculating seawater system that includes a dozen various aquaria ranging from 50 to 400 gallons each and is home to over 50 species of temperate marine organisms (mostly local species) ranging from jelly-fish to sharks. The Marine Lab is directed by Dr. Sean Bignami, who holds a PhD in Marine Biology and Fisheries, is an Associate Professor of Biology, and the Biology Department Chair. The lab is primarily operated by student volunteers and supported by a combination of University and Departmental funding, external grants, and individual donations.

Alumni Spotlights
Noah Kolander

Class of '19

Lilly Niccum

Class of '21



Previous


Next
Outreach

Approximately 20,000 Community Members Served!

The Marine Lab offers educational mobile touch-tank and marine science lessons free of charge to public schools and free community events, or to tuition/fee-driven institutions/events with a modest donation requested. We also offer on-site educational programs for groups visiting Concordia University Irvine. Lessons are differentiated for any audience age/grade and are aligned with the Principles of Ocean Literacy and Next Generation Science Standards.

The goal of the Concordia Marine Lab Outreach Program is to improve the Ocean Literacy of students, teachers, and the general public in Orange County. The Outreach Program has received support from California SeaGrant, the California Coastal Commission, Orange County Community Foundation, Concordia Alumni Association, Concordia Biology Department, and those served by our programs. Since the beginning of 2016, these programs have served approximately 20,000 community members!

Mobile Touch Tanks Powered by New Grant
How to book a mobile touch tank or on-campus outreach event?

Schools, organizations, or individuals that wish to request an outreach event should submit the following Outreach Event Request Form to marine.lab@cui.edu at least three weeks prior to the desired event date. If you pass this deadline, you may inquire via email to see if we can accommodate an event on short notice.

REQUEST FORM

Prior to events on the Concordia campus, all participating adults and children are asked to complete liability waivers.

LIABILITY WAIVER - ADULTS
LIABILITY WAIVER - MINORS
Classes

The Concordia Marine Lab helps support a variety of classes for Concordia students, including Introduction to Biology, Marine Biology, Physical Oceanography, Zoology, Ocean Science, and Research in Biology. Classes have the opportunity to learn using live marine organisms in the classroom, the Marine Lab, and the field. Students also have the opportunity to participate in outreach events or volunteer in the Marine Lab themselves.

Research

The Concordia Marine Lab supports marine science research conducted by students and faculty, including class-related and independent projects ranging from microbiology to aquaculture science.

Pismo Clam Ecology & Aquaculture

For more than 6 years, Concordia University Marine Lab has been conducting research on the population status and ecology of the Pismo clam (Tivela stultorum), a native species unique to California and Baja California. Recently, California SeaGrant awarded the CUI Marine Lab and collaborators, Holdfast Aquaculture and Get Inspired, Inc., a two-year grant to fund the development of Pismo clam aquaculture as a source of sustainably-raised seafood. Read more about our Pismo clam projects here

Photo: Pismo clams are located on local sandy beaches. These clams are approximately 2 years old, but Pismo clams get much larger and can live for well over a decade!

 

Our students and faculty have extended their Pismo clam research to investigate a number of questions about this species' ecology, behavior, physiology, and potential for aquaculture. This research has produced a peer reviewed scientific article, been presented at symposia, is featured in the CA Department of Fish and Wildlife Pismo clam Enhanced Status Report, and has been reported in the media. Follow the links below to see some of the student and faculty presentations about this research:

Escape Burrowing Poster Presentation (S. Bignami et al., Western Society of Naturalists Symposium, 2021)
Movement Tracking Oral Presentation (S. Bignami et al., Western Society of Naturalists Symposium, 2020)
Behavioral Characterization Oral Presentation (S. Neu et al., Western Society of Naturalists Symposium, 2020)
Population Assessment Poster (N. Kolander & S. Bignami, Western Society of Naturalists Symposium, 2017)
Abalone Aquaculture and Restoration

Th