https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/showcase
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

President's Academic Showcase

Showcase Results
Related Links
PRESIDENT'S ACADEMIC SHOWCASE OF UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH
Concordia University Irvine
Sign Up for the 2024 President's Academic Showcase »
President's Academic Showcase of Undergraduate Research

As a part of Concordia University’s commitment to academic excellence, Concordia holds an annual President’s Academic Showcase of Undergraduate Research. The competition is a chance for top students to work one-on-one with a faculty mentor on an undergraduate research project that the student chooses.

The competition is inter-disciplinary, drawing entries from biology, English, theology, behavioral sciences, music, theater, education, business, communications, psychology, art, chemistry, history, anthropology, linguistics, and mathematics. A panel of faculty, selected from across the disciplines, serves as judges for the showcase.

There are two levels of competition: Tier One for upperclassman and Tier Two for freshmen and sophomores. Over $5000 in prizes are awarded, with a Tier One first-place prize of $1500.

There are three components to the competition: a research paper, an academic poster, and an oral presentation.

Students prepare a research paper up to 25 pages in length, designed to be sufficiently scholarly in the use of literature, choice of methodology, and discussion of results and implications.

Students also prepare an academic poster to display their results which should be sufficiently accessible in language, style, and presentation.

Five finalists for the competition are invited to give twenty-minute oral presentations of their work. Winners are invited to represent Concordia by presenting their research at an inter-collegiate undergraduate research conference the following fall.

Students can earn up to 3 units of course credit for their work in the President’s Academic Showcase. If interested please discuss this option with your faculty mentor and complete the Individualized Study form to sign up for the credits. Click here to download the form.

2023 President's Academic Showcase Results

President Thomas and all of the Concordia University Irvine community could not be more proud of all the participants in the 2023 President’s Academic Showcase of Undergraduate Research. Working effortlessly on a research study, writing a manuscript, meeting with a faculty mentor, creating and presenting a poster about the project, and then for the 5 finalists - developing a formal presentation. The amount of work involved in this endeavor is admired and we are so proud to have these individuals represent the amazing scholarship our students engage in here at Concordia University Irvine - all for the glory of God! Please help us in congratulating this year’s winners!!!

2023 ACADEMIC SHOWCASE WINNERS

Contact Us

Dr. Erin Nelson
Academic Showcase Coordinator
showcase@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

