https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
‌
CHRIST COLLEGE
Theology. Philosophy. Biblical Languages. Classical Languages. Church Vocations.
Borland-Manske Center
Dedicated October 5, 2019

At the intersection of music and theology lives the cornerstone of the Lutheran faith. And, Concordia University Irvine's newest building - the Borland-Manske Center - brings music and theology together to prepare the next generation of musicians and theologians. Dedicated Fall 2019, one wing of the Borland-Manske Center houses a library, classrooms, and faculty offices for Christ College and will serve students and the Church worldwide spiritually and musically for decades to come.

VIEW GALLERY

New Dean Announced:
Rev. Dr. David Loy

Effective July 1, 2022, Rev. Dr. David Loy steps into the role of dean of Christ College. He has served at Concordia since 2011 and looks forward to ensuring that each student encounters the good news of Jesus.

Over the past 11 years at Concordia, Loy has inspired students as a professor of philosophy, theology, and ethics, director of undergraduate curriculum, assistant dean, and associate dean. He earned a BA from Valparaiso, an MDiv from Concordia Seminary in St. Louis, a PhD in philosophy from St. Louis University, and spent eight years as a parish pastor in Bolivar, Missouri, before coming to Irvine.

Read More »

Undergraduate Majors
Ministry Leadership
Theological Studies: Biblical Languages
Theological Studies: Christian Education Leadership
Theology
Graduate Programs
MA Theology
MA Church Leadership
Cross-Cultural Ministry Certification
Theology Certificate
Church Work Programs
LCMS Vocations
Director of Christian Education (DCE)
Online Degree and Certification
Director of Parish Music (DPM)
Lutheran Teaching Ministry
Pre-Seminary Studies
Pre-Deaconess Studies
Centers
Center for Church Leadership
Center for US Missions
Center for Worship Leadership
Cross Cultural Ministry Center
FaithWorks Center
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

