https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/nursing/accelerated-bsn
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Nursing Program | ABSN

About 
Admission Requirements
Curriculum 
Nursing Team
Tuition
FAQs
Blog
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
ACCELERATED BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN NURSING (ABSN)
Concordia University Irvine
GET STARTED 
Hyung K. ’18
Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN)

If you hold a bachelor’s degree or at least 65 non-nursing college credits from a regionally accredited institution and are looking to transition to nursing, our Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN) program offers a fast-track to a new career with two learning modality options: campus-based in Irvine, California, or hybrid in Rancho Cucamonga, California. Build on the foundation of your prior coursework and complete the ABSN with hands-on experience, in as little as 15 months. The hybrid ABSN program includes online courses and in-person simulation labs and offers three starting dates each year — in January, May, and August.

In addition to classroom time or online courses, no matter which program modality you choose you will complete 765 hours in clinical settings throughout the course of the program.

15
Months
COMPLETION TIME
59
Units
TOTAL UNITS
$930
Per Unit
COST PER UNIT
765
Hours
CLINICAL HOURS
Request Information
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

Program of Interest 
- Select a program
Accelerated Bachelors of Science in Nursing - Irvine
Accelerated Bachelors of Science in Nursing - Rancho Cucamonga
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

By requesting information, I consent to be contacted by Concordia University Irvine through my email, phone or text message.

Learning How to Care
Learning How to Care

The philosophy, objectives, and goals of Concordia University Irvine's Department of Nursing are congruent with: a) the Nurse Practice Act of California, b) Dr. Jean Watson's philosophy of caring in nursing, c) the mission and goals of Concordia University Irvine and, d) the standards identified by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE), e) the American Association of Colleges of Nurses Essentials of Baccalaureate Education in Nursing, f) Quality and Safety Education for Nursing Competencies (QSEN).

PHILOSOPHY AND MISSION PROGRAM LEARNING OUTCOMES

When you’re ready to transition your career

The ABSN is a 15-month, full-time program with an on-campus program option based in Irvine and a hybrid program option based in Rancho Cucamonga as well as clinical experience. Designed for students who have completed a bachelor’s degree or at least 65 non-nursing college credits, this program offers a fast-track to a new career in nursing.

View admission requirements.

APPLY NOW

Not sure yet? Request more information.

 

Through the ABSN program standards and Watson's Theory of Caring, I developed into a nurse who would be a change agent, leader, educator, mentor, developer, and most importantly, a caring, compassionate, patient-focused registered nurse.

David M. ’17

Curriculum

The small class size allows students to interact with professors on a regular basis. Students will engage in a challenging curriculum that promotes critical thinking, clinical reasoning, and leadership skills in a supportive and caring environment.

PREREQUISITE COURSES
Summary of Units Required for ABSN
Transfer credits from BA/BS	68 - 75 units
*includes prerequisite units
Nursing core courses	53 units
Theology courses	6 units
Total	127 units

View the ABSN progression timeline

VIEW CURRICULUM
Clinical Hours

A total of 765 clinical hours are required to complete the program. Students are assigned to clinical sites with our clinical partners in Southern California each semester. The clinical sites are located in or around Orange County and Los Angeles County.

Previous Image
Next Image
Concordia - Spectrum Campus™

Concordia University Irvine - Spectrum Campus™ is the home of Concordia University Irvine's Nursing program and other graduate programs in the School of Health and Human Sciences. The Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ resides in a dynamic biotech and healthcare sector hub within the city of Irvine. The campus features 20,000 sq. ft. of state-of-the-art nursing teaching space and more than 90,000 sq. ft. of additional classrooms, offices, workstations, and unique educational spaces. Located on a 6.6-acre lot, the Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ also features a 690-space parking lot and parking structure.

Concordia University Irvine - Spectrum Campus™
16355 Laguna Canyon Rd
Irvine, CA 92618
Rancho Cucamonga Hybrid Accelerated Nursing Program Location

Our hybrid accelerated nursing program is located in the city of Rancho Cucamonga, about 33 miles north of Irvine and 37 miles east of Los Angeles. Students come to the ABSN learning site during the week to attend in-person exams and simulation labs.

Concordia University Irvine ABSN Program Site 10750 Fourth St. Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730
The ABSN program at Concordia is challenging, intense, and rewarding. There is nothing like it — the morals and values integrated in the program alongside the nursing curriculum are unique to the school. Students receive much more than their education, and the lifelong lessons I have learned at Concordia are invaluable.

 

Chelsea R. Cohort '21

Nursing Faculty

Our faculty are experts in their fields and dedicated to the Great Commission of Jesus Christ to share the Gospel and care for all of God’s people by promoting advanced nursing studies for leadership and education.

Mary Bowman MSN, RN
Assistant Professor of Nursing
Cara Buenaventura MSN, RN, CCRN
Assistant Professor of Nursing
Lizette Mationg RN, MSN
Assistant Professor of Nursing

ABSN FACULTY AND STAFF

The Concordia Nursing Student Association (CNSA)

The Concordia Nursing Student Association (CNSA) is a student-led service group.

LEARN MORE
Tuition & Financial Aid
Tuition/Fee	Cost
Application Fee	$50
Tuition	$930 per unit

Concordia's ABSN program allows you to pay for each course by unit rather than a fixed enrollment cost. Total tuition cost per semester is dependent upon the number of units in which you are enrolled. Plan approximately $60,000 - $62,000 for the entire program (includes tuition, books, uniforms, clinical partner required fees, insurance, etc). Financial Aid is available.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Get Started

MAY

14

5:00 PM

Info Nights

Attend an info night to learn about the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more about your future in nursing.

RSVP TODAY

Request Info

Let one of our specialized admissions counselors contact you with more information and answer any questions about advancing your career.

REQUEST INFO

Apply

Equip yourself with expert knowledge and a set of skills that differentiates you in the field of healthcare and in your workplace.

APPLY NOW

Respected Reputation and Accreditation

Concordia University Irvine's Nursing programs enjoys an excellent reputation, and has nursing graduates at hospitals throughout the region and nation.  Concordia University Irvine is regionally accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC).   The Accelerated Baccalaureate of Science in nursing program and Master's of Science in nursing program at Concordia University Irvine are accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education, 655 K Street NW, Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001, 202-887-6791. The ABSN campus-based program in Irvine is accredited by WSCUC, and the new expansion hybrid ABSN program is pending WSCUC approval. The ABSN program at Concordia University Irvine has received ongoing approval by the California Board of Registered Nursing since 2009.

CSAC – AB 2086 requires students to be able to view the institution's licenses examination passage rates: Board of Registered Nursing.

*The baccalaureate degree program in nursing at Concordia University Irvine is accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education, 655 K Street NW, Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001, 202-887-6791.

IRVINE SPECTRUM® and SPECTRUM™ are trademarks of Irvine Management Company used with permission.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

