https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/business
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
 
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
Develop the many skills necessary
for your success in the global economy.

Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. Find out how Concordia’s School of Business and Economics took learning to a new level by actively involving their students in the IACBE Accreditation process.

Read Article: "Innovating Assessments"
Read Article: "School of Business Gains New Accreditation"
Read: “Public Disclosure of Student Achievement”
School of Business & Economics Handbook 2023-2024
Karl Hoenecke, Assistant Dean

Concordia University Irvine has named Karl Hoenecke as the Assistant Dean for the School of Business and Economics. Hoenecke holds an undergraduate degree in History from UC Santa Barbara and an MBA from Concordia. For the last seven years, Hoenecke has been an adjunct professor at Concordia. His career path included management positions at multiple large corporations before working as the Vice President of Business Development for TeamLogic IT and most recently as the Director of Sales and Operations for sports and location-based event company GZ6G Technologies.

Read more »

Faculty Spotlight:
Michael Kinnen

Michael Kinnen is an expert in finance with over 20 years' managerial and executive experience in valuation and management consulting; he has 10 years' experience teaching at the university level. Prior to embarking on a career in teaching, Michael served corporate clients as an authority on valuation issues in engagements related to mergers and acquisitions, corporate valuation, capital budgeting, solvency, and restructuring. Michael is also an expert in leadership development, is actively involved in instructional design, learning program development, and performing leadership assessments for Fortune 50 companies. Before being named a full-time professor, Kinnen served as an adjunct professor at the School of Business and Economics for four years.

Read more »

Undergraduate Programs
Majors
Business Major
Accounting
Business Data Analytics
Business Economics
Finance
Healthcare Management
International Business
Management
Marketing
Economics Major
Sports Business Major
Minors
Accounting Minor
Business Minor
Business Data Analytics Minor
Economics Minor
Finance Minor
Marketing Minor
Sports Business Minor
Programs
Actuarial Science Program
Pre-Business Program
Featured Pages
Business Insights Series
Business Partners
Center for Global Business
Concordia Business Plan Competition
Dean's Advisory Board
Delta Sigma Pi Business Fraternity
Enactus
Entrepreneur-In-Residence
IACBE Accreditation
Institute for Strategic Marketing
Partnership with Zhejiang Financial College (ZFC)
Faculty Spotlight:
Kim Chatani

Professor Kim Chatani is being named a full-time professor after being an adjunct professor since 2015. To say that Chatani has had an impressive career would be more than just an understatement for all he has accomplished. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), Certified Internal Services Auditor (CISA), and a Forensic Certified Public Accountant (FCPA).

He is a published author and expert on the topics of fraud and cyber-security, being interviewed numerous times in various publications including Forbes, Moody’s, and American Banker and speaking on Talk Radio. In addition, he is a frequent speaker at conferences with his knowledge of “Big-4/8” public accounting, consulting in delivering audit, corporate strategy, and risk management services.

Read more »

Graduate Programs
Master of Business Administration
Sports Business (MBA)
Faculty Spotlight:
Mark Francis

Professor Mark Francis has joined Concordia University Irvine as Assistant Professor and Sports Business Program Director. Professor Francis’s involvement in local, regional, national, and international sport management has led to his success with the professional sports community throughout Southern California and has helped him secure professional internships for students that have included the LA Angels, LA Dodgers, San Diego Padres, Steinberg Sports & Entertainment, Golden Boy Promotions, Sports 1 Marketing, LA Galaxy, Rose Bowl, and the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.

Read more »

Faculty Spotlight:
Kellie Playter

Kellie earned her Bachelor's and Master's Degrees in Communication Studies from California State University, Long Beach, and her Ph.D. in Organizational Leadership from Regent University. She has served on several nonprofit boards in her community, including the Junior Chamber of Commerce and the Ronald McDonald House Charities. She has been teaching college courses since 2008, teaching at California State University Long Beach and Long Beach City College before finding her home at Concordi