ng disabilities, mild-moderate intellectual disabilities, and other health impairments.

Because a special education teacher can work with students in all grade levels K22 you will want to have a broad foundation of academic content. A special education teacher must be a well-educated person that has both breadth and depth in the subject areas. Your undergraduate major can be from any background, but it is highly recommended that you have a degree in Liberal Studies.

Programs Offered:
Liberal Studies
Education Specialist: Mild/Moderate
Become an Administrator

Designed for working educators, the Master of Arts in Educational Administration cohort-based program is designed to prepare future leaders in private or public K-12 education. Concordia University Irvine’s program provides the opportunity for teachers to continue working while taking one course at a time.

The MAEd Educational Administration degree program is standards based and allows candidates to earn an administrative services credential while earning a Master’s degree. Candidates pursuing leadership roles in education, government agencies and nonprofits can advance their career with a Doctorate in Education (Ed.D.).

Programs Offered:
Master of Arts in Educational Administration
Doctorate in Education (Ed.D.)
Become a School Counselor

Designed for working educators, the Master of Arts in School Counseling is designed to prepare students to serve as public and private school counselors in grades K-12 and meets the requirements of the pupil personnel services credential, which authorizes service as a school counselor in the state of California. Upon successful completion of the program, students will be prepared to work as a school counselor in the state of California.

Programs Offered:
Master of Arts in School Counseling
I Don’t Know Yet!

That’s OK! Be sure to declare your intent to be a teacher. Go to the Registrar’s Office and ask to declare yourself a teacher education student. Work on your general education coursework. Talk to staff and education advisors. Enroll in EDUC 101, Introduction to Teaching Careers I. In this 1 unit course, you will learn more about your many options as a teacher.

Information Meeting

Preparing professional educators has always been at the core of the School of Education. We provide a pathway for people who want to experience growth and ignite curiosity. Here you will thrive in today’s world – and shape tomorrow’s. Join us at an upcoming online info session where you can learn more about our Education program and interact with our faculty.

Perfecting the Practice of Effective Leadership
Learn what’s working and share ideas

Something amazing happens when a teacher feels prepared and supported in the classroom. You can guide classroom learning through new material with confidence. Disruptions are waylaid by using tried and tested classroom management skills. Shared resources lighten your workload and the work you need to do becomes the work you love to do.

Educator Leadership Academy A Huge Success
ARTICLE
Servant Leadership - A Perspective
ARTICLE
Education to Nurture the Heart and Mind
ARTICLE
Attitude Adjustment by the Hour
ARTICLE
‌
Previous Perfecting the Practice Blog Post
‌
Next Perfecting the Practice Blog Post

VIEW BLOG

I wanted to one day encourage my students to learn for the sake of learning the way my Kindergarten teacher had encouraged me to.

Alyssa Vossler

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Contact Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
Deans

Dr. Heather Vezner
Dean of the School of Education
Assistant Professor of Education
949-214-3352
heather.vezner@cui.edu

Dr. Kellie Albrecht
Assistant Dean of the School of Education
949-214-3354
kellie.albrecht@cui.edu

Admissions Counselors

Dr. Rebecca Stanton
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Program
Director Preliminary Teacher Credential Programs
949-214-3345
rebecca.stanton@cui.edu

Taylor Touchstone
Graduate Admissions Counselor
949-214-3266
taylor.touchstone@cui.edu

Janet Lee
Assistant Director of Graduate Admissions - School of Education
949-214-3573
janet.lee@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

