https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/education
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
School of Education
About 
Undergraduate 
Credentials 
Masters 
Certificates 
Doctoral 
School of Education
CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE
 
 
Meet the School of Education’s New Dean: Heather Vezner.
Read story »
Instill a love for learning in every student

Concordia University Irvine’s School of Education spans from an undergraduate Liberal Studies major to a doctorate in Leadership. To be a master educator, you must first be a master learner. For this reason, it is our mission to empower students for a life of teaching, learning, and service to the community. A life of learning not only begins here, but continues throughout your career, as we strive to provide ongoing professional development for our alumni and network of educators.

Preparing professional educators has always been at the core of the School of Education. We provide a pathway for people who want to experience growth and ignite curiosity. Here you will thrive in today’s world – and shape tomorrow’s.

     
Perfecting the Practice Blog
Attitude Adjustment by the Hour

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier reminds us that attitudes are highly contagious.

READ MORE

Previous slide
Next slide
We Honor Our Own
Researching What Makes Online Education Excellent

Tanya Tarbutton & Lori Doyle ’97, MA ’06

Bringing Back the Music

Catherine Standridge, Teacher Credential Program '13

From Orchards to Educational Leadership

Reyes Gauna, EdD ‘18

Master Teacher Creates Masterpieces

Greg McFall, MAED '07

Passion Continuing to Grow

Nnenna Okpara, MAED '14, EdD '18



Previous


Next
Becoming a Professional Educator
Liberal Studies
Undergraduate Education

Teaching can be an incredibly rewarding career where you have the opportunity to develop a child’s ability to think and wonder. Concordia’s Elementary Subject Matter Preparation Program will prepare you to teach elementary school children by giving you a broad foundation in a variety of subject areas. Students interested in teaching secondary education or high school can choose from 9 majors at CUI in the subject matter they are interested in teaching.

Our Lutheran Teaching Program is also an option for those looking to teach in Lutheran schools at either the elementary or secondary level.

LEARN MORE

Teacher Credential Program
Post-baccalaureate Education

Our Teacher Credential Program prepares highly qualified teachers for success in the classroom by offering the following post-baccalaureate programs: Single Subject Credential, Multiple Subject Credential, Education Specialist: Mild-Moderate Teaching Credential, Clear Induction Credential Programs, and a Combined Credential & Master of Education (M.Ed.) Program.

LEARN MORE

Master of Arts in Education
Graduate Degree Programs

Our graduate education degree programs are practical, accessible, and relevant to the classroom. We offer a Master of Arts in Education (MAED) with the following emphases: Curriculum & Instruction, Educational Administration, School Counseling, Educational Leadership, and Learning, Design, & Technology. Faculty members are committed to guiding students who will make a positive impact on their professions.

LEARN MORE

Advanced Graduate Certificates
Graduate Degree Programs

Our Advanced Graduate Certificate Program allows you to enhance your skills as a leader in additional areas of a learning organization. The value of being an expert in multiple areas will provide you with higher marketability due to your additional expertise.

LEARN MORE

Doctor of Education (Ed.D.)
Leadership

The integrated doctoral curriculum focuses on theory and applied research in leadership and guides students through the dissertation process as they complete their coursework. Focus your studies in one of our three specializations or advanced graduate certificates: Educational Administration, Organizational Change, and Special Education. Choose between a fully online delivery or a hybrid of face-to-face and online – both formats offer flexible, convenient scheduling designed to fit into the busy lives of educators.

LEARN MORE

What would you like to do?

There are two phases you complete as you pursue your calling to become a teacher. In the first phase, you acquire essential subject matter knowledge as you complete your undergraduate bachelor’s degree. The second phase of your professional preparation for teaching involves pedagogy, or teaching skills. Completion of this phase prepares you to apply for your preliminary California Teaching Credential. Graduate degrees offer mastery of a concentration and the potential to advance your career. There are many paths to pursuing your calling as an educator; here are some of the most common routes students take at Concordia’s School of Education.

Teach at an Elementary School

In California, a person studying to be an elementary school teacher will work toward obtaining a Multiple Subject Teaching Credential. This credential allows you to teach the variety of subjects offered at elementary schools.

Liberal Studies is the major most students choose when pursuing their Multiple Subject Teaching Credential. This major will well prepare you for the state required California Subject Examination Test (CSET) for multiple subjects which is required for all teacher candidates in California.

Programs Offered:
Liberal Studies
Multiple Subject Credential
Teach at a Lutheran School

Through Christ College, CUI Lutheran Teacher programs prepare the student for teaching in Lutheran schools at either the primary or secondary level. Students teaching assignments will include both public school settings and Lutheran schools.

These students will then be certified, called and commissioned by The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod to teach in Lutheran schools and hold a Lutheran Teacher Certificate.

Programs Offered:
Multiple Subject Credential
Single Subject Credential
Lutheran Teacher Certificate
Teach at a Middle School

If you want to be a middle school teacher there are two paths you can pursue in California. It depends on the subjects you want to teach. Some middle school teachers teach a cluster of courses such as math, English, and social studies. This arrangement requires the teacher to hold a multiple subject credential. In this case, the best subject matter preparation for you would be to complete Concordia’s Liberal Studies Major.

Other middle school teachers teach a single subject like a high school teacher. If this is your goal you will pursue a single subject credential in your desired subject.

Programs Offered:
Liberal Studies
Multiple Subject Credential
Single Subject Credential
Teach at a High School

In California a person studying to be a high school teacher will work toward obtaining a single subject credential. This credential allows you to teach a specific subject matter that you pursue as your major. Concordia has 9 majors that correlate to single subject credentials authorized by the state of California: Art, Biology, Chemistry, English, Exercise Sport Science (PE), History, Mathematics, Music, and Physics.

Credential coursework can be done as part of your undergraduate degree allowing you to finish your bachelor’s degree and credential at the same time. It will take 4, 4.5, or 5 years depending on the pace you set for becoming a teacher. To obtain your credential you will pursue one of the above majors at CUI, finish the credential coursework, and pass the state required tests including the California Subject Examination Test (CSET) for your major.

Programs Offered:
Single Subject Credential
Teach Special Education

The State approved Special Education program at Concordia is titled “Education Specialist: Mild/Moderate.” This special education credential authorizes the teacher candidate to teach students (K-22) with mild to moderate disabilities, including students identified with specific learning disabilities, mild-moderate intellectual disabilities, and other health impairments.

Because a special education teacher can work with students in all grade levels K22 you will want to have a broad foundation of academic content. A special education teacher must be a well-educated person that has both breadth and depth in the subject areas. Your undergraduate major can be from any background, but it is highly recommended that you have a degree in Liberal Studies.

Programs Offered:
Liberal Studies
Education Specialist: Mild/Moderate
Become an Administrator

Designed for working educators, the Master of Arts in Educational Administration cohort-based program is designed to prepare future leaders in private or public K-12 education. Concordia University Irvine’s program provides the opportunity for teachers to continue working while taking one course at a time.

The MAEd Educational Administration degree program is standards based and allows candidates to earn an administrative services credential while earning a Master’s degree. Candidates pursuing leadership roles in education, government agencies and nonprofits can advance their career with a Doctorate in Education (Ed.D.).

Programs Offered:
Master of Arts in Educational Administration
Doctorate in Education (Ed.D.)
Become a School Counselor

Designed for working educators, the Master of Arts in School Counseling is designed to prepare students to serve as public and private school counselors in grades K-12 and meets the requirements of the pupil personnel services credential, which authorizes service as a school counselor in the state of California. Upon successful completion of the program, students will be prepared to work as a school counselor in the state of California.

Programs Offered:
Master of Arts in School Counseling
I Don’t Know Yet!

That’s OK! Be sure to declare your intent to be a teacher. Go to the Registrar’s Office and ask to declare yourself a teacher education student. Work on your general education coursework. Talk to staff and education advisors. Enroll in EDUC 101, Introduction to Teaching Careers I. In this 1 unit course, you will learn more about your many options as a teacher.

Information Meeting

Preparing professional educators has always been at the core of the School of Education. We provide a pathway for people who want to experience growth and ignite curiosity. Here you will thrive in today’s world – and shape tomorrow’s. Join us at an upcoming online info session where you can learn more about our Education program and interact with our faculty.

Perfecting the Practice of Effective Leadership
Learn what’s working and share ideas

Something amazing happens when a teacher feels prepared and supported in the classroom. You can guide classroom learning through new material with confidence. Disruptions are waylaid by using tried and tested classroom management skills. Shared resources lighten your workload and the work you need to do becomes the work you love to do.

Educator Leadership Academy A Huge Success
ARTICLE
Servant Leadership - A Perspective
ARTICLE
Education to Nurture the Heart and Mind
ARTICLE
Attitude Adjustment by the Hour
ARTICLE
‌
Previous Perfecting the Practice Blog Post
‌
Next Perfecting the Practice Blog Post

VIEW BLOG

I wanted to one day encourage my students to learn for the sake of learning the way my Kindergarten teacher had encouraged me to.

Alyssa Vossler

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Contact Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
Deans

Dr. Heather Vezner
Dean of the School of Education
Assistant Professor of Education
949-214-3352
heather.vezner@cui.edu

Dr. Kellie Albrecht
Assistant Dean of the School of Education
949-214-3354
kellie.albrecht@cui.edu

Admissions Counselors

Dr. Rebecca Stanton
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Program
Director Preliminary Teacher Credential Programs
949-214-3345
rebecca.stanton@cui.edu

Taylor Touchstone
Graduate Admissions Counselor
949-214-3266
taylor.touchstone@cui.edu

Janet Lee
Assistant Director of Graduate Admissions - School of Education
949-214-3573
janet.lee@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

