https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/education
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
School of Education
About 
Undergraduate 
Credentials 
Masters 
Certificates 
Doctoral 
School of Education
CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE
 
 
Meet the School of Education’s New Dean: Heather Vezner.
Read story »
Instill a love for learning in every student

Concordia University Irvine’s School of Education spans from an undergraduate Liberal Studies major to a doctorate in Leadership. To be a master educator, you must first be a master learner. For this reason, it is our mission to empower students for a life of teaching, learning, and service to the community. A life of learning not only begins here, but continues throughout your career, as we strive to provide ongoing professional development for our alumni and network of educators.

Preparing professional educators has always been at the core of the School of Education. We provide a pathway for people who want to experience growth and ignite curiosity. Here you will thrive in today’s world – and shape tomorrow’s.

     
Perfecting the Practice Blog
Attitude Adjustment by the Hour

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier reminds us that attitudes are highly contagious.

READ MORE

Previous slide
Next slide
We Honor Our Own
Researching What Makes Online Education Excellent

Tanya Tarbutton & Lori Doyle ’97, MA ’06

Bringing Back the Music

Catherine Standridge, Teacher Credential Program '13

From Orchards to Educational Leadership

Reyes Gauna, EdD ‘18

Master Teacher Creates Masterpieces

Greg McFall, MAED '07

Passion Continuing to Grow

Nnenna Okpara, MAED '14, EdD '18



Previous


Next
Becoming a Professional Educator
Liberal Studies
Undergraduate Education

Teaching can be an incredibly rewarding career where you have the opportunity to develop a child’s ability to think and wonder. Concordia’s Elementary Subject Matter Preparation Program will prepare you to teach elementary school children by giving you a broad foundation in a variety of subject areas. Students interested in teaching secondary education or high school can choose from 9 majors at CUI in the subject matter they are interested in teaching.

Our Lutheran Teaching Program is also an option for those looking to teach in Lutheran schools at either the elementary or secondary level.

LEARN MORE

Teacher Credential Program
Post-baccalaureate Education

Our Teacher Credential Program prepares highly qualified teachers for success in the classroom by offering the following post-baccalaureate programs: Single Subject Credential, Multiple Subject Credential, Education Specialist: Mild-Moderate Teaching Credential, Clear Induction Credential Programs, and a Combined Credential & Master of Education (M.Ed.) Program.

LEARN MORE

Master of Arts in Education
Graduate Degree Programs

Our graduate education degree programs are practical, accessible, and relevant to the classroom. We offer a Master of Arts in Education (MAED) with the following emphases: Curriculum & Instruction, Educational Administration, School Counseling, Educational Leadership, and Learning, Design, & Technology. Faculty members are committed to guiding students who will make a positive impact on their professions.

LEARN MORE

Advanced Graduate Certificates
Graduate Degree Programs

Our Advanced Graduate Certificate Program allows you to enhance your skills as a leader in additional areas of a learning organization. The value of being an expert in multiple areas will provide you with higher marketability due to your additional expertise.

LEARN MORE

Doctor of Education (Ed.D.)
Leadership

The integrated doctoral curriculum focuses on theory and applied research in leadership and guides students through the dissertation process as they complete their coursework. Focus your studies in one of our three specializations or advanced graduate certificates: Educational Administration, Organizational Change, and Special Education. Choose between a fully online delivery or a hybrid of face-to-face and online – both formats offer flexible, convenient scheduling designed to fit into the busy lives of educators.

LEARN MORE

What would you like to do?

There are two phases you complete as you pursue your calling to become a teacher. In the first phase, you acquire essential subject matter knowledge as you complete your undergraduate bachelor’s degree. The second phase of your professional preparation for teaching involves pedagogy, or teaching skills. Completion of this phase prepares you to apply for your preliminary California Teaching Credential. Graduate degrees offer mastery of a concentration and the potential to advance your career. There are many paths to pursuing your calling as an educator; here are some of the most common routes students take at Concordia’s School of Education.

Teach at an Elementary School

In California, a person studying to be an elementary school teacher will work toward obt