https://www.cui.edu/townsend
Skip to main content
Programs
About
Live Info Sessions
REQUEST INFO
APPLY NOW
Find your Program

CERTIFICATES

MASTER'S

DOCTORAL

view all programs 

Learn Counseling and Leadership Skills From World-Class Christian Practitioners

Experience transformational education that operates at the crossroads of competence, character, and connection through the Townsend Institute’s life-changing counseling and leadership programs.

About the Townsend Institute for Counseling and Leadership

The Townsend Institute at Concordia University Irvine offers fully accredited online graduate degrees and professional certificates in three content areas: Organizational Leadership, Executive Coaching and Consulting, and Counseling. Masterful psychologist and relationship expert Dr. John Townsend founded the Institute to address both the head and the heart, incorporating scriptural truths with current neuroscience. Discover how the Institute’s approach goes deeper than behavioral change and moves us to growth.

About our founder

Dr. John Townsend is a New York Times bestselling author, leadership consultant, psychologist, and relationship expert. He has written 35 books, selling 10 million copies, including the bestselling Boundaries series. His depth of experience and research result in practical counsel that has been sought-after by scores of listeners through his live broadcasts. Built from the foundation of his teachings, Dr. Townsend established the Townsend Institute in 2015 and still plays an active role with leading the way we learn about counseling and leadership.

Join us LIVE!

Experience a new kind of relational education. Join us online LIVE and hear from our faculty, academic advisors, current students, and alumni about their experience in the Townsend Institute.

Ask Dr. John Townsend your questions about the Institute and our offerings
Learn how our coaching, consulting and leadership programs can advance your career
Connect with other prospective students exploring our programs
Become eligible for scholarships and other prizes by participating in our info session

MAY

15

Townsend LIVE Information Night

 Wed, May 15, 2024, 5:30 PM PST

 Online

REGISTER NOW »

JUN

10

Townsend LIVE Information Night

 Mon, Jun 10, 2024, 5:30 PM PST

 Online

REGISTER NOW »

Learn more about Townsend Institute LIVE »

This program not only gets into your mind, it gets into your heart. I feel like the Townsend Institute is behind me in my endeavor to supply restorative support to others.

Kaylie Housewright

MEET THE FELLOWS

About our Fellows

When you make a choice to invest in your future by continuing your education, you want to be sure your time is well spent. That’s where the Townsend Institute at Concordia University Irvine offers a distinct advantage. In addition to top-tier faculty, Dr. Townsend has assembled a world-class team of influencers, author-teachers and practitioners with broad platforms who are widely recognized. Enrolled students will connect to these top thinkers and practitioners in the monthly virtual symposia.

About Concordia University Irvine

The Townsend Institute is housed within Concordia University Irvine, a private, Lutheran university. Located in Southern California, Concordia serves over 5,000 students annually, on campus and online. Centered by a Christian worldview, and guided by the Great Commission, Concordia is home to a thoughtful and caring community of learners.

The Townsend Institute

Request Information

Interested in learning more? Connect with one of our admissions counselors to learn more about the programs we offer.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

State 
- Select state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
U.S. Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
American Samoa
Federated States of Micronesia
Guam
Marshall Islands
Palau
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
Program of Interest 
- Select a program
Master of Arts in Counseling: Clinical Mental Health
Master of Arts in Executive Coaching & Consulting
Master of Arts in Organizational Leadership
Organizational Leadership Certificate
PhD in Counselor Education and Supervision
Professional Executive Coaching Certificate
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

By requesting information, I consent to be contacted by Concordia University Irvine through my email, phone or text message.

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

