https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/academics/showcase
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Academic Showcase
CONDUCT RESEARCH WITH AN EXPERT PROFESSOR & WIN MONEY
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

Our annual President’s Academic Showcase of Undergraduate Research allows you the opportunity to do exactly that. This cash-reward competition offers prizes of up to $1500 for graduate-level research projects conducted by our undergraduates in every discipline.

So no matter your major, you will have the chance to work one-on-one with an expert faculty mentor to produce a scholarly paper, give an oral presentation to a group of judges, and present your work on the topic of your choosing to the Concordia community.

Cutting DNA to Fight Cancer

Grace Chong ’15 and Rafael Ramos ’15 recently took first-place honors at the Showcase for their genetic research aimed at fighting lung cancer. They worked under the guidance of faculty mentors Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese and Dr. John Kenney. “To help a student relate what she’s learning in class to benefit society and apply concepts to real problems has been rewarding,” says Dr. Kane-Barnese. Equally rewarding for Grace has been the recognition she’s received from the National Institute of Health (NIH). “We’re in the process of applying for an NIH grant,” Grace says. “The first round is for a few hundred thousand dollars, and we passed that. If we win this grant, worth $1.5 million, it’s going to be very good for the next generation of students.” Grace is currently pursuing a Ph.D. in Chemical Biology at the University of Southern California with a full-ride fellowship.

To find out more:

READ MORE ABOUT THE ANNUAL SHOWCASE

Dr. Erin Nelson, Academic Showcase Coordinator
erin.nelson@cui.edu

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

