https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/career-and-campus-resources
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Career & Campus Resources
ACADEMIC & VOCATIONAL SUPPORT
MEET YOUR GOALS 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

Your college years offer an unparalleled time of exploration and growth — personally, professionally, and spiritually. At Concordia, you will be part of a community that will help develop you as a whole person, providing you with the support you need and the tools to help you focus your gifts and apply them to all your callings in life.

Academic Advising

Academic Advisors assist students to achieve their academic goals through course planning and assistance with the course registration process.

LEARN MORE
Career Development

Your gifts will strongly influence the direction of your career and your family life. Concordia can help you focus your gifts and apply them to your calling. The Center for Career and Vocation can help you to identify which careers might be a good fit for your particular gifts and talents and provide you with the resources to promote yourself in today's job market.

LEARN MORE
Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS)

Students seek counseling for a variety of reasons such as grief and loss, relationship issues, depression, anxiety, eating disorders, controlling usage of alcohol and drugs, life purpose and direction, family conflict, and assistance in making better decisions. No one will be turned away for financial issues.

LEARN MORE
CU Active Fitness Center

Exercise equipment including treadmills, bikes, a rowing machine, free weights, weight machines, and an elliptical machine are free for student use.

LEARN MORE
Paul and Cathy Schroeder Library & Learning Commons

The Schroeder Library at Concordia University Irvine offers access to books, media, research databases, group study rooms and reference help.

 
LEARN MORE
Disability Access Services

Disability Access Services provides assistance to students with physical, medical, psychological and learning disorders and is committed to ensuring that Concordia University Irvine is a campus that is welcoming and inclusive of all its students, faculty, and staff.

LEARN MORE
International Student Support

Concordia's Moon International Center provides support and the tools you will need to succeed as a student at Concordia.

LEARN MORE
Wellness Center

The Wellness Center at Concordia offers FREE office visits to full-time undergraduate students. Part-time and graduate students pay only $25.00 for each medical office visit. The Wellness Center also stocks free samples of decongestants, cough medications, throat lozenges, acetaminophen, ibuprofen, and other medications for common illnesses and injuries.

LEARN MORE
Writing Studio

Students in all stages of the writing process can benefit from advice and feedback. Concordia's Writing Studio is here to provide that feedback and help you become a better reader and writer of your own work.

LEARN MORE
Spiritual Life

Faithful to the Lutheran Tradition

Student Life

Find your People

Living on Campus

Your Home Away from Home

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

