https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/living-on-campus
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Living on Campus
YOUR HOME AWAY FROM HOME
DISCOVER OUR COMMUNITY 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

As a college freshman, going away to college will most likely be the first time you will live away from home. You may be coming from a rural town to the city suburbs. You may even be coming to a brand new country. Learning and living at Concordia University Irvine will be one of the most memorable, stretching, growth-filled times of your life. Discover the community at Concordia and what will become your home away from home.

Campus Housing

We are committed to making sure our students receive a great education, while enjoying the many benefits associated with living on campus.

LEARN MORE
Dining in the Caf

Students cannot survive on cereal alone. Don’t worry - you won’t have to exist on a diet of noodles or PB&J. Our award-winning food service, Bon Appétit, strives to cook delicious food that’s good for you, the animals, the workers, the community, and the earth as they work toward “food service for a sustainable future.”

LEARN MORE
Living Learning Communities (LLCs)

The Living Learning Communities are not just a place to reside; it is a unique environment where you will have the opportunity to learn, collaborate, and build lasting connections with your peers and the Faculty/Staff in Residence. Here, you choose from four unique themed living areas based on your interests and hobbies.

LEARN MORE
Our Campus in Irvine, CA

Located in Orange County in Southern California, our campus is safely located within a gated community on a scenic hilltop in Irvine. With access to paved bike paths, walking trails, exceptional entertainment, beaches, and limitless shopping, the world is your oyster.

LEARN MORE
Career & Campus Resources

Academic & Vocational Support

Spiritual Life

Faithful to the Lutheran Tradition

Student Life

Find your People

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

