https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/spiritual-life
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Spiritual Life
FAITHFUL TO THE LUTHERAN TRADITION
SEE WHAT WE BELIEVE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

We are dedicated to the Great Commission of Jesus Christ to share the Gospel, and we encourage and equip our students to give witness to the love of Christ in word and deed on campus, in the local community and throughout the world.

Bible Studies

We want you to be nurtured in God’s Word. Concordia’s campus ministry, abby west, coordinates men’s and women’s small group bible studies that meet at various times throughout the week.

LEARN MORE
Chapel

Chapel is designed to serve everyone in our Concordia University Irvine community. Four days out of the week from 10:30–11:00 AM, we come together in worship. Every Thursday night from 9:30-10:30 PM is our student-led SHOUT! service. All students are welcome to attend.

LEARN MORE
Church Work

From its founding, Concordia University’s Christ College has equipped students to carry out the Great Commission - to make disciples of all nations. Christ College prepares students for full-time ministry in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod.

LEARN MORE
Mission Trips

What is the Great Commission? It is a phrase used to describe Jesus’ final commission to his followers, “Go and make disciples of all nations.” Answering the call, we go to people groups across the world, and in our own backyard, to share about the life-giving love of Jesus and his power to save.

LEARN MORE
What We Believe

As an academic community founded on Lutheran beliefs, we are committed to these biblical ideas that shape our life together. Our commitment to both grace and faith opens the door to thoughtful dialogue about what it means to follow Christ.

LEARN MORE
Student Life

Find your People

Living on Campus

Your Home Away from Home

Career & Campus Resources

Academic & Vocational Support

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

