https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/business/accounting
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Business Administration Major
Emphases 
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION MAJOR
Accounting Emphasis
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Expand Your Business Career Opportunities with Accounting
What Do You Like About Your Major?

As businesses continue to evolve, the need for accurate accounting for these economic changes becomes essential for businesses to succeed. Accountants are the scorekeepers who will measure, observe, and report on the economic aspects of an organization, government, or individual. The accounting discipline studies the decision-making process and theories behind creating and explaining such financial statements.

The accounting emphasis will provide you with the skills needed to maintain records that become the basis of financial reports. You will learn to describe how the financial structure and strength of an organization have changed over time, and with that knowledge be able to evaluate the economic status and viability of an organization.

With a degree in Business Administration: Accounting, you will be provided with the skills necessary to work in a variety of careers, such as:

APPLY NOW

Public accounting
Corporate accounting
Financial analyst
Tax preparer
Auditor
Budget analyst
Asset manager
Cost estimator
Compliance officer
Forensic accounting
International accounting
Record keeper
What Students Are Saying
Concordia's School of Business and Economics has made a difference in my life, and I owe many thanks to the staff and faculty that have supported me throughout these last four years. The textbook knowledge supported by the real world experiences from the professors has added much value for my future business career. I know that the financial and time investment into my education was definitely worth it, and I will carry this experience with me as I transition into my career. Additionally, I have lifelong mentors and coaches in my Concordia professors that I will be reliant upon as my career advances. Thank you, Concordia School of Business and Economics.

Nathan Schult

B.A. Business Administration, Accounting
B.A. Business Administration, Finance

 
 

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
IACBE Accreditation

As you research Business Schools, you may notice that some business programs are accredited by organizations with long acronyms such as AACSB, IACBE, and ACBSP. What is accreditation and why does it matter? Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. The Concordia School of Business and Economics chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with IACBE to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

LEARN MORE
Where Our Alumni Are Working

The value of an education is demonstrated by the success our graduates enjoy upon completion of their degree. Concordia University Irvine grads are respected in the many industries in which they find skillful work. Here are just a few of the places our alumni have recently been employed.

Adidas
Albertsons Companies, Inc.
KPMG
Los Angeles Clippers
Marriott
Misty May Treanor Sports Complex
Northwestern Mutual
Walt Disney Co.
Opportunities For Business Majors

Today's employers are looking for applicants that work well with a team, are good at decision-making and have excellent communication skills. Our Career Services Office, Business Department, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice these skills outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Business Administration major, you can combine your business emphasis with an additional business emphasis (dual emphasis), a related business minor, another major (dual major), or a pre-professional program. Opportunities also exist where you can earn a dual degree by studying in Paris for a year or transition directly into our MBA program.

Accounting Minor
Business Minor
Business Data Analytics Minor
Economics Minor
Marketing Minor
Sports Business Minor
Economics Major
Actuarial Science Program
Pre-Business Program
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
School of Business and Economics
Extracurricular Activities

The School of Business and Economics offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions with business students from other universities.

Business Insights Series
Center for Global Business
Center for Civics Education
Delta Sigma Pi Business Fraternity
Enactus
Inst