https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/student-life
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Student Life
FIND YOUR PEOPLE
EXPLORE YOUR INTERESTS 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

The college experience is so much more than the classes you take. This is your time to explore new interests, travel to new countries, join a new fan base, and connect with people who share your passions.

Associated Students of Concordia University Irvine (ASCUI)

Concordia University provides many opportunities to integrate into college life, whether it is through ministry, music, clubs, theatre, leadership, athletics, or many other activities. We encourage all students to get involved at Concordia!

LEARN MORE
Clubs & Organizations

Cultivate your interests by joining one of our many student clubs and organizations, like the Heritage Garden Club, E-Sports Club, or Delta Sigma Pi. Can’t find what you’re looking for? Start your own club - you can do that here!

LEARN MORE
Eagle Athletics

Concordia University Irvine’s athletics events provide competitive sports, collegiate team spirit, and a home court advantage! With plenty of parking and reasonable ticket prices, Concordia University Irvine's admission to Division II is just one more reason to support your winning team! Come cheer the Eagles on in our own nest, and get to know some of the university’s star players.

 
 
LEARN MORE
Intramural Sports

Intramural athletics at Concordia University is managed by student coordinators from Leadership, Education, and Development (LEAD). Students who participate in intramural programs not only have the opportunity to have fun, but they also participate in one of the largest co-curricular programs on campus serving over 300 unique participants each semester.

LEARN MORE
Living in Irvine, CA

Not only is southern California one of the most desirable places to live, Irvine is consistently ranked as one of the safest cities in America. With an average yearly forecast of 73°F and sunny, much of your recreation can be taken outdoors. Enjoy a day at the beach, escape for an afternoon to Disneyland, or take in a professional baseball or hockey game. It’s all here in SoCal.

LEARN MORE
Student Publications

Writers, photographers, designers, and artists have the opportunity to contribute to one of three student-run publications at Concordia - our student newspaper, The Concordia Courier, our yearbook, The Clearlight; and an annual journal showcasing creative writing and art, The Aerie.

LEARN MORE 
Study Abroad

Concordia offers a truly unique global experience through our Around-the-World Semester® program. Students and faculty travel the world together hosting classes, conducting street performances, and engaging in service work in a variety of settings and cultures. We also offer traditional studies abroad.

 
 
LEARN MORE 
The Arts

The Arts at Concordia encompasses Music, Theatre, Visual Art, and our Art Galleries. Discover Music, Theatre and Arts events or learn more about our ensembles any student is welcome to audition for.

LEARN MORE
Living on Campus

Your Home Away from Home

Career & Campus Resources

Academic & Vocational Support

Spiritual Life

Faithful to the Lutheran Tradition

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

