https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/financial-aid
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Financial Aid
UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS
ESPAÑOL
Afford Your Future
100% of our students receive some form of financial aid.

When it comes to the cost of your education, we’re always trying to create the best value for you and your family. Scholarships and financial aid can translate into significant savings and stronger financial health as you start the next chapter of your life.

GET STARTED ▾
How much does it cost to attend Concordia?
This is what we call the “sticker price.”

The published price is the direct cost for a full-time student, who is a resident of California, with 30 semester hours per academic year. This price comes out $500 less than the national average for a private, non-profit, 4-year college education.

VIEW DETAILED TUITION & COST INFORMATION
Don’t let the sticker price scare you!
Students from a range of income brackets receive financial aid.

Many students wonder if they can afford to attend a private college like Concordia, but did you know that over 45% of our families whose students started in the Fall of 2021 earn less than $80,000 per year?

How to Pay for College
What you do could significantly reduce your cost for a college education!
1Scholarships
Concordia University Irvine awards more than $68 million in federal, state, and institutional assistance each year.

A scholarship is free money you do not have to pay back. Scholarships are a form of merit-based aid, meaning they are offered based on merit or achievement in a specific area.

Academic Scholarships
$10,000 - $22,000 per year
Honors Scholarships
$29,000 per year
Presidential Scholarships
Full Tuition per year
Music, Theatre, Art, & Forensics Scholarships
Starting at $1,000 per year
Church Work Scholarships
$5,000 - $34,000 per year
Athletic Scholarships
NCAA DII Athletics

VIEW AVAILABLE SCHOLARSHIPS

Net Price Calculator
Find out your scholarship eligibility.

Answer a few simple questions to calculate the scholarships you qualify for and estimate the net price for attending Concordia University Irvine.

CALCULATE SCHOLARSHIPS

Complete the FAFSA by April 2
Need-based aid is determined by your FAFSA Application.

The Free Application for Federal Aid (FAFSA), which includes the Cal Grant for California residents, will open by December 31, 2023. Please visit our 2024-25 FAFSA page for updates. Concordia encourages all students to complete the FAFSA regardless of household income. Your High School Counselor can walk you through this process.

Concordia University Irvine’s school code is 013885

BEGIN YOUR FAFSA APPLICATION

2Grants
Concordia University Irvine need-based grants are awarded based on your FAFSA application.

A grant is need-based aid that does not need to be repaid. Grants are a form of need-based aid, meaning they are distributed based on financial need as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).

Cal Grant
Cal A $9,358, Cal B up to $11,006, additional $6,000 for Access Award for Foster Youth
Pell Grant
Up to $7,395, based on need
First Generation Grant
Up to $2,000 per year
Friends of Concordia Grant
Amount determined by financial need
Lutheran Student Grant
Amount determined by financial need

SEE NEED-BASED GRANT REQUIREMENTS

3Loans
Federal loans are offered to eligible students upon completion of your FAFSA application.

A loan is money that you must repay with interest under varying terms and conditions. Loans are a form of need-based aid, meaning they are offered based on financial need as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).

Federal Direct Loans
Eligibility is determined by financial need
Federal Direct Plus (Parent Loan)
Eligible parent of an eligible dependent undergraduate student, credit based loan
Private Bank-Funded Loans
Eligible student or parent, credit based loan, rates varies from lender to lender

REVIEW THE DIFFERENT TYPES OF LOANS

What about debt from student loans?
Your earnings once you complete your college degree should exceed your debt.

According to the College Scorecard, once a student graduates with their Undergraduate degree, the typical monthly loan payment is $257/month. Take a look at the median debt versus the median income for graduates*.

*see the U.S. Department of Education College Scorecard

Opportunities
Here are some more ways to earn money that you won’t have to pay back.
Student Employment

Work-study allows you to apply money earned towards your tuition.

Outside Scholarships

Find outside scholarship opportunities you can apply for.

ROTC

Contact our Veterans Resource Center Manager for more information on commissioning programs.

Concordia puts opportunities there for anyone to grasp, and I've tried to take all of them as best as I could.

Diego Del Risco Orbegoso '20

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Next Steps
Dates