https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/apply/readmitted
Skip to Main Content

Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Readmitted Students Admission
UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS
APPLICATION ▾

A readmitted student is an applicant who has previously attended Concordia University but withdrew or transferred to another institution and now desires to re-enroll.

All students who are applying for readmission must go through the application process and contact the Office of Admission at (949) 214-3010.

Apply Now
Now accepting applications for fall.

We gladly accept the common app.
First-time college students and transfer students applying for a bachelor’s degree can begin or continue your online undergraduate application.

START YOUR APPLICATION

Log in to continue your application.

Admission Requirements

To apply to Concordia University Irvine as a readmitted student, follow the steps below.

Submit your application
See application deadlines below.
Submit your official College Transcript(s)
Official transcript from each institution attended, covering all collegiate-level work undertaken during your absence from Concordia. Good standing at each institution is required. Official transcripts must be sent directly from the college in a sealed envelope or hand-carried to Concordia University.

Mail it to:
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
Concordia University Irvine
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612
Submit your official High School Transcript
Official high school transcript (which indicates and verifies graduation) must be sent directly from the high school in a sealed envelope or hand-carried to Concordia University.
Application Deadlines
Fall Semester
Type	Apply By	Notified By
Early Action	November 15, 2023	Mid-December
Early Action II (Priority)	February 15, 2024	March 1
Rolling Admissions	August 23, 2024	 

Note: Applications received after February 15 are reviewed on a rolling basis, and it is recommended that students apply well in advance. Once your application is complete, it usually takes two weeks to receive an admissions decision, depending upon the time of year.

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
What should I do if I have received a disqualification?

You must provide evidence indicating that the deficiency which led to disqualification has been removed.

What do I need for readmission to Concordia following a leave of absence?

You must show that the situation necessitating the leave of absence has been resolved.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

