https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/apply/international-students
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
International Students
UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS
APPLICATION ▾
Learn how far you can go. Start here.

Concordia University Irvine is known for providing a challenging education with a global focus, rigorous core curriculum, and excellent international student services. International students are not separated but integrated into our campus. You'll enjoy a family-like environment, one-on-one support, and attention from faculty and staff.

Apply Now
Now accepting applications for fall.

We gladly accept the common app.
First-time college students and transfer students applying for a bachelor’s degree can begin or continue your online undergraduate application.

START YOUR APPLICATION

Log in to continue your application.

Steps to Apply

To apply to CUI as an international student, follow the steps below.

1. Submit your application

We strongly encourage international students to apply early.

2. Submit your official transcript

Submit a transcript from each secondary and post-secondary school attended, current through the time of application. High School transcripts will be considered official only when sent directly from the high school guidance counselor to the admissions counselor through email or through the mail in a sealed envelope or hand-carried to Concordia University Irvine in a sealed envelope. ALL non-US equivalent transcripts must arrive with a certified English evaluation and translation documenting your coursework, examinations taken, grades received, passing and maximum marks, and evidence of secondary school graduation. The first-year student must have a minimum GPA of 2.8 on a 4.0 scale, or equivalent to that according to the grading system used by the country that a student is applying from. Transfer students must have a minimum GPA of 2.3.

Concordia University Irvine (CUI) does not have a translation or evaluation service and students are required to submit records in English. If the school does not issue an English translation, International Transcripts must be professionally evaluated to be equivalent to the U.S. grading system through one of the companies listed in NACES. Suggested Credential Evaluation Service: www.IERF.org.

Mail it to:

Office of Undergraduate Admissions
Concordia University Irvine
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612
3. Submit official test scores from one of the following

First-year students must submit one of the following standardized tests. Scores must be sent directly from the testing institution to the Office of Undergraduate Admissions. SAT School: 4069; ACT School: 0227. Copies are considered unofficial documents.

SAT: The student must have at least a 980 Evidenced-Based Reading and Writing+Math score.
ACT: The student must have a minimum composite score of 18.
TOEFL: This is an English language proficiency test taken by non-native speakers of English. A minimum iBT score of 79 is required. 
IELTS: A minimum band of 6.5 is required.

Note: If you submit more than one SAT score, we use the highest score from each section (critical reading and math) and combine them into a super score. We also use the highest composite ACT score.

Admissions Requirements
First-Year International Students (Freshmen)
Transfer International Students
Requirements for I-20 Issuance
Application Deadlines
Fall Semester
Type	Apply By	Notified By
Early Action	November 15, 2023	Mid-December
Early Action II (Priority)	February 15, 2024	March 1
Rolling Admissions	August 23, 2024	 
Helpful International Student Resources
Scholarships
Housing
Tuition and Fees
Admitted Students
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

