https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/admitted-students
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Admitted Students
 
 
#CONCORDIAIRVINE

Congratulations on your acceptance to Concordia University Irvine! Your unique gifts have set you apart and make you a perfect addition to the Concordia family. We look forward to welcoming you to our campus. Here are the next steps that will assist you with a smooth transition to be enrolled at Concordia.

If you have questions at any step along the way, please don’t hesitate to connect with your Admissions Counselor. We’re here to help.

Checklist for Admitted Students

PRINTER-FRIENDLY CHECKLIST

1. Activate your student login credentials.
When? Immediately following acceptance.
 

Go to cui.edu/getstarted to activate all of the credentials you will need for online resources. These include your Eagles email address and your MyRecords account to view documents requested by the Financial Aid department, along with your financial aid award.

Be sure to check your Eagles email account regularly. You will receive important information for completing your enrollment, on-campus housing, setting up your course schedule, and all official communication from the university.

GET STARTED WITH LOGIN INSTRUCTIONS
2. Access your financial aid award.
When? Beginning in December.
Deadlines: March 2 for FAFSA and Cal Grant.
 

Notification of financial aid awards begins in December to students with a completed FAFSA. You will receive your award letter via your Eagles email and your mailing address.

To make sure you maximize your financial aid, please make note of the following important deadlines:

Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA®): March 2
CUI school code: 013885
Cal Grant GPA Verification: April 1
California residents only

After you receive your financial aid award, we encourage you to schedule a financial aid appointment to discuss your anticipated charges, financial aid award and payment options. The appointment will last approximately 30 minutes, and family members are strongly encouraged to participate.

SCHEDULE A FINANCIAL AID APPOINTMENT
GUIDE TO COMPLETE FINANCIAL AID

3. Make it official by submitting your deposit.
Deadlines: May 1 for Fall start.*

To confirm your place in the incoming class, you will need to submit a non-refundable $300 enrollment deposit.

Deposits can be made securely online via credit card or electronic check. If you prefer to pay by mail, checks can be sent to:

Office of Undergraduate Admissions
Concordia University Irvine
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

PAY YOUR DEPOSIT

*or two weeks after your acceptance date

4. Verify your housing and meal plans.
When? Applications open March 15 for Fall start; November 1 for Spring start.
Deadlines: June 1 for priority Housing Application; August 1 for Off-Campus Housing Appeal
 

Concordia University Irvine requires all full-time undergraduate students who are 21 years of age or younger to live on-campus unless living with a parent, guardian, or family member. The Housing Application and Meal Plan Contract can be completed online when you activate your eRezLife account.

If you are planning to be a commuter student, you must submit the Off-Campus Housing Appeal Form by August 1. This form can be found after activating your eRezLife account.

COMPLETE HOUSING AND MEAL PLAN CONTRACTS
GUIDE TO COMPLETE HOUSING FORM

5. Register for classes.
When? The Class Registration Survey will be sent starting in May for Fall start; starting in November for Spring start.
 

The Class Registration Survey will be sent to your email address or can be accessed below. The survey will confirm your choice of major and collect other necessary information to build your first semester class schedule. Please reply immediately.

Transfer students will not be enrolled until all official college and final high school transcripts are received by the Undergraduate Admissions Office.

Your academic advisor will enroll you in classes and direct you to MyRecords to view your class schedule. After classes begin, you are welcome to schedule an appointment to meet with your academic advisor.

CLASS REGISTRATION SURVEY
6. Review your student billing statement.
When? Following your registration for classes.
 

Your student account contains a listing of all charges associated with your registered classes for the semester. Any/all financial aid, personal payments, and other credits are reflected within the student account for each semester, and can be settled with the Office of the Bursar. Review deadlines, billing and payment instructions on the Office of the Bursar website.

Once you have been registered for classes, a billing statement will be emailed to your Eagles email address and your personal address listed in our records.

You may view and pay your student bill online through MyRecords (select “My Student Bill”).

VIEW STUDENT BILL
GUID