rgraduate Admissions Office.

Your academic advisor will enroll you in classes and direct you to MyRecords to view your class schedule. After classes begin, you are welcome to schedule an appointment to meet with your academic advisor.

CLASS REGISTRATION SURVEY
6. Review your student billing statement.
When? Following your registration for classes.
 

Your student account contains a listing of all charges associated with your registered classes for the semester. Any/all financial aid, personal payments, and other credits are reflected within the student account for each semester, and can be settled with the Office of the Bursar. Review deadlines, billing and payment instructions on the Office of the Bursar website.

Once you have been registered for classes, a billing statement will be emailed to your Eagles email address and your personal address listed in our records.

You may view and pay your student bill online through MyRecords (select “My Student Bill”).

VIEW STUDENT BILL
GUIDE TO COMPLETE PAYMENT

7. Complete health clearance requirements.
Deadlines: August 1 for Fall start; December 1 for Spring start
 

All incoming students – regardless of living on- or off-campus – need to follow the health clearance requirements issued by the Wellness Center. You will have access to a patient portal at https://cui.medicatconnect.com to complete forms and upload files.

COMPLETE HEALTH CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS

 

8. Submit official transcripts.
Deadlines: July 1 for Fall Start; December 1 for Spring start
 

First-year students must submit their official high school transcript (with date of graduation) directly from their high school.

Transfer students must submit their official transcript(s) from each institution attended directly from the college(s) and their official high school transcript (with date of graduation) directly from their high school.

Transcripts can be sent electronically (via Parchment or National Student Clearinghouse) to the Office of Undergraduate Admissions or mailed to:

Office of Undergraduate Admissions
Concordia University Irvine
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

Important Dates for New Students

We strongly encourage you to make it to campus for the following events designed specifically for accepted students. We hope that beforehand, you get a chance to visit our beautiful campus!

CU Soon: Summer Orientations

June 3 or 17, 2023 (students only need to attend one day)

Event Details

WOW and New Student Move-In Day

Week of Welcome

August 18, 2023

Event Details

First Day of Classes

August 21, 2023

 
SCHEDULE A VISIT
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

