https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/church-work/director-of-christian-education-program
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Church Work | Director of Christian Education

Distinctives
Requirements
Alternate Certification Routes
Fieldwork
Internship
Request Info
Apply Now
DIRECTOR OF CHRISTIAN EDUCATION (DCE) PROGRAM
Christ College
Brian Ho '24
Director of Christian Education (DCE)
Make a Difference as a Leader in Christian Education

There are few professions on earth that impact society as a whole. Educating young people in the Christian faith is one of those professions. You change lives, bring hope to the hopeless, and reflect the light of Christ to the world. As a Director of Christian Education, you become an important tool in ministry. Concordia University Irvine is here to equip you for that task. Join us in this exciting opportunity to become a Christian leader and make a difference!

What is a Director of Christian Education?

A Director of Christian Education (DCE) is a called and commissioned lifespan educational leader prepared for team ministry. A DCE plans, administers, and assesses ministry that nurtures and equips people in the Body of Christ for spiritual maturity, service, and witness in home, job, congregation, community, and the world. CUI’s Director of Christian Education Program equips leaders for ministry who are passionate about the Gospel, God’s people, and their calling. 

Through four years of coursework and one year of internship, students will be prepared to serve effectively in a congregational setting in the following roles:

Ministry Leader: Heart for full-time service in the church
Christian Educator: Strong theological base to teach the Bible
Care Minister: Dynamic character, willing to listen to and care for the needs of others
Life Span Minister: Compassion for people of all ages and backgrounds

Upon the successful completion of the Theological Studies: Christian Education Leadership major and the DCE program requirements and upon recommendation of the faculty, students will:

Receive certification as a DCE by the LCMS.
Become eligible to receive a call into full-time service in the church.
Important Values of a DCE
Exhibits Christian character
Displays a spiritually-maturing faith grounded in the Scriptures and Lutheran Confessions
Relates well with people of all ages
Expresses passion for teaching and learning
Possesses a servant heart
Manages personal and professional life effectively
Seeks to work in team relationships
Strives for excellence
Operates in a self-directed manner
Encourages and equips future leaders
Alumni Success
Director of Christian Education (DCE): Brian Ho ’24
Life in God’s Vineyard
When Light Shines in Darkness
Director of Christian Education (DCE): Rachel Hoag ’20
Teaching Christ in Japan
DCE Student Profile: Maddie Upchurch
Madison Haase '19: Seeing Christ’s Light Shine Through Others
Adam Dougherty ‘19: Theological Depth of Program Prepares Alum for Youth Director Calling
Brenda Segovia ’15: In the Mud with Those in Need


Previous Story


Next Story
Online Bachelor's Degree with DCE Certification

If you are already working in a relevant ministry position in a church or church-related context, and you already possess a bachelor's degree or fulfill the university's requirements to enter an online bachelor's degree program, our online Christian Education Leadership degree may be the best route for you. Upon completion of this degree and additional requirements, you will be eligible for certification as a DCE in the LCMS.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about the DCE Program, please contact the Director, Prof. Rebecca Duport '98.

Prof. Rebecca Duport
Program Director
(949) 214-3621
rebecca.duport@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

