https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/church-work/director-of-parish-music-program
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Church Work Program
Programs 
Christ College Certification
Faculty
Scholarships & Grants
Request Info
Apply Now
DIRECTOR OF PARISH MUSIC (DPM) PROGRAM
Christ College
Logan Werner ’25
Director of Parish Music (DPM)
Lead in Ministry Through Music

A Director of Parish Music (DPM) is a called and commissioned musician prepared for team ministry in a congregation. As a DPM, you’ll often help to plan a vibrant worship life with the pastor(s), and are usually responsible for other programs in the congregation that relate to music. You may lead from an organ, piano, or guitar as conductor, teacher, or in various other ways, and you’ll lead in various styles and formats. You may also become involved in other areas of ministry within the day-to-day ministry of the church. The Director of Parish Music Program equips leaders for ministry who are passionate about the Gospel and the role music and worship can have in sharing the good news of Jesus.

Program Distinctives
Director of Parish Music Minor
Whether it be in a traditional or modern musical style, prepare for your career in church music with our award-winning music and theology faculties.
Take advantage of our summer internship program, which offers real-world church music experiences in Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod (LCMS) churches around the country.
Enjoy our several concert-quality instruments by Steinway, as well as pipe organs by Casavant, Schlicker, and Goetz. We regularly offer masterclasses and solo performances by first-rate performers and educators in the field.
The state-of-the art Borland-Manske Center, which features teaching studios, rehearsal halls, student lounges, a 1700 sq. ft. state-of-the-art recording studio (featuring a a Rupert Neve 32 channel 5088 console), 22 practice rooms outfitted with various instruments, including pianos, drums, an electric organ and a harpsichord.
Concordia's ensembles tour the world, play in major venues such as Irvine’s Segerstrom Concert Hall and produce an annual, nationally televised PBS special.
DPM Program Requirements
General Education (54-55 units)
Normally completed during the first two years of attendance. The student may, if placed by examination, substitute MUS 201 in the Music major for the MUS 101 Fine Arts option in general education.
Major Requirements: Church Music Major (54-56 units)
Christ College Certificate Requirements (21 units)
Additional DPM Program Requirements: (7 units)
MUS 391: Practicum: Church Music (1 unit)
MUS 491/492: Senior Field Work in Church Music (6 units)
Students must demonstrate the following skills before graduation:
MUKP 202 (if piano is not the primary instrument) or MUKO 102: Keyboard Improvisation
MUVO 100: Voice Class (1-2 units) or MUVO 101: Private Lessons: Voice (1-2 units)

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this program and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your program. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Alumni Success
Director of Parish Music (DPM): Logan Werner ’25
Director of Parish Music (DPM): Brandon Li ’18
DPM Alumnus Profile: Christian Guebert


Previous Story


Next Story
Get in Touch

For more information about the DPM program at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact Rev. Steve Zank.

Steve Zank
Director, Center for Worship Leadership
steven.zank@cui.edu


Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

