https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/church-work/pre-deaconess-studies
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Church Work Program
Programs 
Christ College Certification
Faculty
Scholarships & Grants
Request Info
Apply Now
PRE-DEACONESS STUDIES PROGRAM
Christ College
Shea Pruhs '13
Pre-Deaconess Studies
Prepare to Become a Deaconess

Christian women serving as deaconesses reach out to individuals in spiritual and physical need through acts of mercy, service and ministry. Depending on their gifts and calling, they may provide spiritual care, teach God’s Word, administer programs, work in social service or assist in a variety of other ministry tasks. Deaconesses frequently serve in congregations, hospitals, welfare institutions, college campuses, inner cities, foreign missions, and in other places where their ministry of service is needed. The Pre-Deaconess Studies Program equips women for seminary-level diaconal training through instruction in at least one biblical language and through other courses that will prepare them for graduate theological education.

Program Distinctives
Excellent Christ College faculty
Location – Southern California hosts many diverse ministry experiences and cultural contexts
Local and international mission opportunities and study abroad options
Pre-Deaconess Studies Program Requirements
General Education (54-55 units)
Normally completed during the first two years of attendance. Students should take the following courses at Concordia University as part of their general education curriculum:
THL 201: History and Literature of the Old Testament (3 units)
THL 202: History and Literature of the New Testament (3 units)
Major Requirements:
Completion of any approved major. Majors in Behavioral Science, Theological Studies, or Christian Education Leadership are particularly recommended.
Christ College Certificate Requirements (21 units)
Additional Pre-Deaconess Program Requirements: (20-22 units)
CCI 008: Seminar in Deaconess Ministry (0.5 units)*
CCI 103-403: Christ College Modules (4 units)
GRE 101: Greek 1 (4 units)
and GRE 102: Greek 2 (4 units)
or
HEB 101: Hebrew 1 (4 units)
and HEB 102: Hebrew 2 (4 units)
THL 304: History of the Christian Church (3 units)
THL 371: Christian Doctrine 1 (3 units)
THL 372: Christian Doctrine 2 (3 units)
THL 465: Christians and Ethics (3 units)
Highly Recommended:
Second Biblical Language (8 units)
CED 202: Church Leadership & Administration
CED 302: Methodology of Christian Teaching

*CCI 008 may be taken once a year, normally in semesters when not taking CCI 103-403.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this program and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your program. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Alumni Success
Pre-Deaconess Studies: Shea Pruhs ’13
Fluent in the Language of Faith
Contact Us

For more information regarding the Pre-Deaconess Studies Program, please contact the Director, Prof. Scott Stiegemeyer.

Prof. Scott Stiegemeyer
Program Director 
(949) 214-3406
scott.stiegemeyer@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

