https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/teacher-credential
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Teacher Credential Program
Teacher Credentials 
Program Information
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Events 
Contact
Apply Now
TEACHER CREDENTIAL PROGRAM
School of Education
GET STARTED 
Teacher Credential Program
Blended format * 7-15 week courses
Preparing Those Who are Called to Teach

Earn your CA Teaching Credential and become skilled at lesson planning and delivering engaging, differentiated instruction that prepares students for success in the 21st century. The Teacher Credential curriculum provides a strong pedagogical foundation, along with in-class opportunities to practice innovative teaching strategies. A hallmark of Concordia University Irvine's program is the community and collaboration between Concordia University Irvine professors and peers, contributing to our students becoming confident, exceptional servant leaders for today's public and private schools.

Our program offers:

Evening classes for the working professional
Blended & face to face instructional format
Fall, Spring and Summer starts
Three semester credential program (36–38 units)
Four semester dual credential program (43–47 units)

Application Requirements

For students entering without a bachelor’s degree, our traditional Undergraduate Education Program offers many of the same programs leading to a credential.

Request Information
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

Program of Interest 
- Select a Program
Clear Induction Credential
Teacher Credential Multiple Subject
Teacher Credential Single Subject
Teacher Credential Special Education
Master of Education with Multiple Subject Credential
Master of Education with Single Subject Credential
Master of Education with Special Education Credential
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Programs Offered
Single Subject Credential

The single subject credential is for teachers who desire to teach one subject to groups of students at the high school or middle school levels. The single subject credential areas Concordia offers are: Art, Science (Biology, Chemistry, Foundational, Geosciences, Physics) English, Music, Social Science, Foundational Math, Physical Education, Mathematics, and Foreign Language (on a case by case basis).

Candidates entering this program with a baccalaureate degree may combine the credential courses with advanced work to complete a Master's of Education degree.

LEARN MORE

Multiple Subject Credential

The multiple subject credential is for teachers who desire to teach all the subjects in a self-contained classroom. This is the credential to obtain if you desire to teach at the elementary (K-6) grade levels. If you plan to be a middle school teacher teaching a core curriculum, you will select the multiple subject credential.

Candidates entering this program with a baccalaureate degree may combine the credential courses with advanced work to complete a Master's of Education degree.

LEARN MORE

Education Specialist: Mild-Moderate Support Needs Teaching Credential

This credential authorizes candidates to teach students with learning disabilities, mild-to-moderate intellectual disabilities, attention deficit and attention deficit hyperactivity disorders, autism, and emotional disturbances. Candidates entering this program with a baccalaureate degree may combine the credential courses with advanced work to complete a Masters of Education degree.

LEARN MORE

Dual Credential Program

Occasionally, a candidate is interested in completing coursework for two credentials. We offer a path for completing both a general education and special education credential concurrently.

We offer the following dual credential paths:

Multiple Subject and Education Specialist Mild/Moderate
Single Subject and Education Specialist Mild/Moderate
Clear Induction Credential Programs

Teachers who have the SB2042 Preliminary Credential must complete California’s requirements to clear their credential within five years. Concordia University Irvine offers an induction program, approved by the Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CTC), to clear the following: Preliminary Multiple Subject Credential, Preliminary Single Subject Credential, and Preliminary Education Specialist Credential.

LEARN MORE

Student Teaching Semester

During student teaching you are one member of a team. You will be working closely with your cooperating teachers, school site personnel, and your university Supervisor once you are placed at a local school within Orange County for a full day experience for a full public school semester - approximately 18 weeks.

VIEW SCHOOL OF ED HANDBOOK

Testimonials
With a curriculum that balances pedagogy and practicality and its faculty that exemplify servant-leadership, Concordia's Teacher Credential Program uniq