/Moderate
Clear Induction Credential Programs

Teachers who have the SB2042 Preliminary Credential must complete California’s requirements to clear their credential within five years. Concordia University Irvine offers an induction program, approved by the Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CTC), to clear the following: Preliminary Multiple Subject Credential, Preliminary Single Subject Credential, and Preliminary Education Specialist Credential.

LEARN MORE

Student Teaching Semester

During student teaching you are one member of a team. You will be working closely with your cooperating teachers, school site personnel, and your university Supervisor once you are placed at a local school within Orange County for a full day experience for a full public school semester - approximately 18 weeks.

VIEW SCHOOL OF ED HANDBOOK

Testimonials
With a curriculum that balances pedagogy and practicality and its faculty that exemplify servant-leadership, Concordia's Teacher Credential Program uniquely prepared me to not only educate my students but to change their lives. I cannot speak highly enough about it!

Adrienne Miyadi, Preliminary Teaching Credential '20
Irvine Unified School District

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Examinations and Assessments

There are several examinations and assessments required of you on your journey to becoming a teacher. These are both state and federal requirements.

TEST REQUIREMENTS
School of Education

Concordia’s School of Education offers four different teaching credentials, four distinctive Master of Arts in Education (MAEd) graduate degrees, and a Doctorate of Education (EdD) in Educational Leadership. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. Concordia University Irvine School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their career.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THE SCHOOL OF EDUCATION

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

