their careers in positions that require a science-based degree with only 5 additional classes (4 MS electives and MSCE 596 Culminating Project).

Building on the 16 units of core courses that you already completed to earn your M.A., you will only need to complete 16 additional elective units ( 4 classes) and a new 4-unit Culminating Project course (MSCE 596) which is based on your MS second degree to earn your M.S. A total of only 5 new classes or 20 units. All coursework can be completed fully online in as little as 9 months. Start dates for the M.S. program operate under the same quarterly time-frames. As an added benefit, alumni applying for the Master of Science will have the application fee waived.

I wasn't expecting to have another chance to enroll with Concordia University in the Master's in Coaching program, but I am so glad that I was able to! This program is a first-class experience...I will be forever changed having been a part of this program - I am so lucky to have been afforded the opportunity to have two go-'rounds with all of you and those associated with this program.

-David Svendsen
Varsity Boys Water Polo & Swimming, Atwater High School

Master of Arts

A Master of Arts degree option focuses on the practical application of knowledge in the academic discipline of coaching and athletics administration. This option has been in existence since 2005 and is uniquely designed for working professionals.

The Master of Arts program offers a wide variety of elective opportunities. These opportunities include sport specific courses designed to ensure academic and professional expertise in coaching and athletics administration.

One distinctive element of the Master of Arts program is the opportunity to participate in an internship – a supervised educational work experience that allows you to apply the theories of what you are learning in a practical setting.

MSCE graduates who previously earned an M.S. can now earn the Master of Arts to advance their careers in positions that require coaching and athletics administration with only 5 additional classes (4 MA electives and MCAA 596 Culminating Project).

Building on the 16 units of core courses that you already completed to earn your M.S., you will only need to complete 16 additional MA elective units ( 4 classes) and a new 4-unit Culminating Project course (MCAA 596) which is based on your MA second degree to earn your M.A. A total of only 5 new classes or 20 units. All coursework can be completed fully online in as little as 9 months. Start dates for the M.A. program operate under the same quarterly time-frames. As an added benefit, alumni applying for the Master of Arts second degree will have the application fee waived.

LEARN MORE

We are pleased to announce our collaboration with the National Strength and Conditioning Association (NSCA) to offer our students graduate credit (MSCE 586) while preparing for the Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (CSCS) certification exam - a coveted credential for those wishing to coach at the NCAA Division I and II levels.

Culminating Project: MS 

A distinctive of our graduate program is the Culminating Project where you curate your professional body of work into a portfolio. As you complete papers, conduct interviews, and give presentations, you will save your work as part of your portfolio. Details about this course will be provided in your very first class to help prepare you in advance for this final course.

The real benefit of the portfolio is realized when you’re ready to level up and you walk into your interview ready. Over and over we hear how our students had a leg up on their competition because they were the only ones in the room with a portfolio of their work and achievements.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

