erse collegiate athletics environments and to incorporate those philosophies in solving ethical issues in their athletic departments.

MSCE 545: Sport Statistics and Analytics
4

This course is designed to bring an understanding of basic statistical concepts in the applications of sports. Students will develop and apply sports statistical and analytical concepts, and also improve problem solving and critical thinking abilities. The class includes a review of beginning through advanced use of statistics and spreadsheet formulas, along with hands-on experience in the acquisition and analysis of data. The class will have two research projects to be used in a final presentation.

MSCE 560: Interscholastic Leadership and Administration
4

Principles of leadership, organization, and management of sport programs. Included will be leadership skills and techniques, communication, scheduling, and program reviews. This course is focused on leadership at the high school level.

MSCE 563: Intercollegiate Athletics in America
4

This course is designed to help coaches take the next step in their journey to leadership excellence. Identifying timeless principles will help coaches and administrators navigate a course involving studying, practicing, and developing leadership skills and competencies. With the goal of integrating and implementing leadership concepts, applications, and frameworks, leadership performance will be enhanced. To develop and improve administrative skills, students will interview an athletic administrator or head coach covering seven key areas of administration. As always, the dynamics of the MCAA program and this specific course content are created for practical application.

MSCE 590: Coaching Academy
4

Selected topics in this course will provide training for coaches and athletic directors including substance abuse prevention training, current issues and challenges facing coaches, and coaching certification. Currently not offered online.

MSCE 591: Athletic Director Institute
4

This is a professional seminar designed to assist athletic directors enhance the operation of the athletic department including rules and regulations, organization, health and safety, emergency procedures, athletic eligibility, office management, scheduling, officials, personnel evaluation, gender equity, and budget. Currently not offered online.

 

MSCE 592*: Internship
4

The internship experience benefits the students by allowing them to apply graduate level training in an everyday job situation while continuing to earn college credit. Students will have the opportunity to choose from a variety of internship settings related to coaching or athletic administration. Students are responsible for securing their own internship site and onsite facilitator. Students will be issued a MSCE 592 syllabus of specific assignments and objectives that they will need to complete as separate work for the course. Students must complete three courses of the MSCE program one of which is MSCE 510 Principles of Coaching and Leadership before they are to enroll in MSCE 592 or have ten years of experience in athletics

*A maximum of 1 sport-specific course may be taken as an elective.  Most sport-specific courses are offered during the summer term.

Student Handbook

Master of Arts or Master of Science?

The nationally renowned Master of Arts in Coaching and Athletics Administration (MCAA) program has expanded to offer a Master of Science degree. Both degrees are part of the MCAA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Master of Science

A Master of Science degree option incorporates the exercise sciences into the curriculum. Earning the Master of Science will expand employment opportunities for MCAA graduates to advance their careers in positions that require a science-based degree.

Consult your MCAA academic advisor to find out which degree program works best for you.

MCAA graduates who previously earned an M.A. can now earn the Master of Science to advance their careers in positions that require a science-based degree with only 5 additional classes (4 MS electives and MSCE 596 Culminating Project).

Building on the 16 units of core courses that you already completed to earn your M.A., you will only need to complete 16 additional elective units ( 4 classes) and a new 4-unit Culminating Project course (MSCE 596) which is based on your MS second degree to earn your M.S. A total of only 5 new classes or 20 units. All coursework can be completed fully online in as little as 9 months. Start dates for the M.S. program operate under the same quarterly time-frames. As an added benefit, alumni applying for the Master of Science will have the application fee waived.

I wasn't expecting to have another chance to enroll with Concordia University in the Master's in Coaching program, but I am so glad that I was able to! This program is a first-class experience...I will be forever changed having been a part of this program - I am so lucky to have been a