https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/coaching/ms-exercise-sciences
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MCAA
Curriculum 
Meet the Team
Alumni
Financial Aid
Coach's Resources 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
Curriculum
MS IN COACHING & EXERCISE SCIENCES
MS Curriculum

In other graduate programs in coaching we realized there was a big gap between the learning and the doing. So within our MS in Coaching and Exercise Sciences, we provide a comprehensive study of the varied aspects of human movement in the context of educational athletics. Our program offers summer intensives where you can focus your training, and includes a course to guide you through building a professional portfolio.

CORE REQUIREMENTS
MSCE 510: Principles of Coaching and Leadership
4

This foundational course examines the key fundamentals of coaching excellence within five critical domains: Perspective, Purpose, Principles, Provision, and Practices. Students will be equipped to develop and create their own athlete-centered Philosophy of Coaching, including detailing their vision, mission, and values, describing the type and style of coach they are or aspire to become, plans for creating an effective culture, instilling strong character in athletes, and maximizing growth and learning in the classroom and on the field/gym. Emphasis is placed on understanding types of coaching, including transactional, pragmatic, relational, and transformational, and the impact each of these have on young people. Leadership in athletics will be analyzed through the prism of effectively meeting the essential needs of young people while developing and enhancing essential coaching characteristics, skills, and abilities.

MSCE 530: Ethics And Sport
4

This course equips coaches and administrators to make decisions which reflect an awareness of the moral and ethical dimensions of issues encountered in sport, while applying standards of ethics informed by Christian teachings. Students will analyze the relationship between professional responsibility, personal belief, loyalty, honesty and integrity. Students will also review and incorporate research into a thesis, action plan, analysis, project or professional activity in coaching or athletic administration. Finally, students will develop strategies to infuse character development into sport.

MSCE 550: Research Methods and Analysis
4

This course is an intensive course that provides hands-on experience analyzing research studies, interpreting data, designing studies and preparation of APA style research presentations (papers).

MSCE 580: Legal Aspect of Sport
4

The course provides several important legal aspects in sport, athletic administration and coaching. Included will be an analysis of the application of law to sport, liability, negligence law, intentional torts, criminal acts, contract law, gender equity/Title IX, sexual harassment, ADA and related legislation, and sports employment law. Special emphasis is placed on knowing and understanding the Fourteen Legal Duties of Athletic Personnel, and then effectively applying those duties in coaching and competitive situations.

MSCE 595: Culminating Project
4

In this course students will develop a comprehensive portfolio through the application of the knowledge and skills related to the student's specific area of coaching. Concurrent enrollment in other courses is not permitted to ensure the student successfully passes and meets degree program requirements for graduation. Therefore, this class must be taken last. Graduation Application Fee: $185. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.

M.S. ELECTIVE COURSES (offered online only)
Choose 4 of the following courses:
MSCE 570: Sport Medicine & Performance
4

This course will examine methods of recognizing and caring for sport injuries, including basic physical evaluation and taping skills, purposes and procedures for adequate care of injured athletes, nutrition, and eating to win.

MSCE 584: Kinesiology for Sport
4

This course focuses on human movement with an emphasis on the structure and function of the skeletal, muscular and nervous systems. This curriculum also includes an analysis of basic mechanical principles required in sport specific movement skills.

MSCE 586: Advanced Strength, Speed and Conditioning
4

Strength and conditioning practices that supplement the science learned in exercise physiology and kinesiology. This class is designed to prepare students for gaining certification in ACSM, NSCA, or personal fitness.

MSCE 587: Exercise Physiology for Sport
4

This course applies physiological principles to exercise circumstances; includes critical analysis of the effect of exercise on human physiologic function with in-depth examination of current literature.

MSCE 588: Biomechanics for Sport
4

This course involves the study of the mechanical principles, analytical methods and the instrumentation systems involved in the analysis of mo