https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/edd/leadership/certificates
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
School of Education
About 
Undergraduate 
Credentials 
Masters 
Certificates 
Doctoral 
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
Advanced Graduate Certificate Program

An advanced graduate certificate for school-level and district-level administrators, and leaders in faith-based institutions and other educational settings

GET STARTED 
Enhance Your Leadership Skills

Our Advanced Graduate Certificate Program allows you to enhance your skills as a leader in additional areas of a learning organization. The value of being an expert in multiple areas will provide you with higher marketability due to your additional expertise. Enrollment in our Advanced Graduate Certificate Program also allows you to apply up to 9 units to our Ed.D. in Leadership degree.

Advanced Graduate Certificates
Educational Administration
Organizational Change
Special Education
Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

Program of Interest 
- Select program
Educational Administration Certificate
Organizational Change Certificate
Special Education Certificate

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

SUBMIT
Curriculum
Educational Administration
Effectively manage human and fiscal resources

External demand for advanced knowledge in educational administration will continue to steadily grow over both the long and short term, in large part due to competition among educators to land administrative positions within schools and school districts. Demand for administrators to fill vacated or new administrative positions should continue to moderately increase in the coming years. Educational Administration is designed to enhance the leadership knowledge and skills of educators to effectively manage human and fiscal resources in a sustainable way that supports learning for all students.

ADVANCED GRADUATE CERTIFICATE COURSES
EDD 703: Technology in a Systems Approach to Leadership
3

This course will provide students opportunities to learn and to utilize technology for pursuit of information, providing transformational instruction, communicating effectively with all stakeholders, and fostering an organizational culture that embraces technology toward ongoing improvement. The course covers a wide spectrum of available technological resources to help leaders better understand student achievement as well as contextual factors (ex. school climate, parent satisfaction, teacher satisfaction) in schools. Specific emphasis will be given to exploration of potential applications of technological resources in a current organizational setting for becoming an integral component of leadership and school culture, performance monitoring, and enhancing learning options for students and staff members.


EDD 704: Strategic Human Resource Management and Development
3

This course will provide students with the knowledge and skills to effectively manage human resources in a sustainable way that supports learning for all students, fosters a professional work environment, upholds contractual agreements, and develops employee capacity fairly and ethically. Specific emphasis will be focused upon promoting a learning organization through effective and collaborative performance reviews, legal compliance, and strategic placement of resources to maximize organizational effectiveness toward student learning.


EDD 705: Sustained Fiscal Leadership for Organizational Effectiveness
3

This course provides students with an overview of successful fiscal leadership in schools by surveying the dynamic landscape of school funding from federal, state, and local levels. This course will provide students with abilities to effectively lead safe, efficient, and effective organizations through meaningful and compliant fiscal management of organizational components, operations, and resources. Specific emphasis will be given to the study of the major responsibilities of a fiscal leader and the utilization of resources in effective and transformative ways.


Organizational Change
Effectively lead and implement change in complex organizations

Demand is high for executive leadership positions in medium to large organizations. In an ever-changing professional world, strong ethical leadership can make a crucial difference in the success of an organization. To this end, Organizational Change prepares graduates to effectively lead and implement change in complex organizations, by employing various motivational and management strategies and skills.

ADVANCED GRADUATE CERTIFICATE COURSES
EDOC 703: Innovation and Organizational Change
3

This course focuses on innovation and change in organizations in response to environmental and technological induced disruptions they bring to organizations or systems. Organizational change theories and models, futurist literature, and major world trends in innovation that impact sustainable change efforts in education, health care, social enterprises, for- profit and not-for-profit organizations, and related disciplines are examined. Topics include models and strategies in anticipating, creating, and managing change; collaboration; overcoming resistance to change; and creativity and innovations. Students will investigate applications and practices of organizational change relevant to their academic and professional interests.


EDOC 704: Entrepreneurship
3

New venture creation, theory, strategy, and practice for organizational leaders are explored. Students will conduct a comprehensive study of the process of shepherding an entrepreneurial idea from formulation to fruition by forming new ventures in for-profit, not-for-profit, and philanthropic organizations.


EDOC 705: Consultancy Project
3

Students apply their knowledge, skills, and values to a real-world problem. Students will work with an external company as their client and identify a project-based issue, concern, or problem; identify a set of strategies to meet the projected goals; seek the assistance of a mentor in achieving the goals; and begin to implement strategies to achieve a solution to the issue or problem. The consultancy course spans one semester and includes plan preparation and approval, implementation of the plan, presentation of results to clients, and an evaluation of the projects.


Special Education
Make exemplary education accessible to a broad range of students

​​There are close to seven million children with disabilities in the United States. Yet education leaders have had limited training in working with students with disabilities, and most have taken only one special education course during their credential programs. Leaders within special education help make exemplary education accessible to a broad range of students, irrespective of gifts/learning disabilities and physical/cognitive ability.

ADVANCED GRADUATE CERTIFICATE COURSES
EDSE 703: Leveraging Inclusive Practices and Services for All Students
3

This course will prepare Special Education leaders to integrate a variety of inclusive and technology-based strategies into schoolwide planning, classroom instruction, assessment and data-based monitoring to meet the diverse needs of all learners. It is critical educators not only understand but model the attitude of acceptance, creating culturally responsive learning opportunities, and demonstrating flexibility in the ways that students are engaged academically and socially. Evidenced-based teaching strategies and technology that will give all learners access to successful learning opportunities. Topics will include differentiated instruction, individualized accommodations, Universal Design for Learning, and assistive technologies.


EDSE 704: Advanced Research in Special Education: Legal, Historic, and Current Issues
3

Special Education administrators and leaders must know compliance obligations related to the Individuals with Disability Education Act (IDEA) and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act. The landmark Supreme Court Decisions in Special Education and the common mistakes that lead districts into litigation will be discussed. Current issues related to service delivery, fiscal compliance, work with parents and paraprofessionals, assessment, accountability, and inclusive education will be studied.


EDSE 705: Advanced Social Emotional Skills for Counselors and Special Educators
3

This course will guide leaders in building and maintaining social emotional support for learners with special needs (gifts or disability) in education, home, and community settings. Best practices for data-based decision making, School-Wide Positive Behavior Support (SWPBS) and Multi-Tier System of Supports (MTSS) designed to enhance the Least Restrictive Environment (LRE) for all learners will be studied.


About the School of Education at Concordia
Instill a love for learning in every student

Preparing professional educators has always been at the core of the School of Education. We provide a pathway for people who want to experience growth and ignite curiosity. Here you will thrive in today’s world – and shape tomorrow’s.

‌
Tuition & Financial Aid

Concordia University Irvine Advanced Graduate Certificate Programs do not participate in Title IV Federal Financial Aid programs. Students in an Advanced Graduate Certificate Program can apply for a private alternative loan.

Tuition/Fee	Cost
Non-refundable Application Fee: Domestic	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: International	$150
Graduation Fee	graduation fee
Cost per Unit	$1046/unit
Student Service Fee per Semester	$200
*The above estimated costs do not include costs for textbooks and materials, costs for a computer and accessories including a webcam, dissertation related costs, and other costs typically associated with a doctoral program such as academic regalia.
**Students enrolled or planning to enroll in a certificate program at Concordia University can apply for a private alternative loan. Concordia University Certificate Program does not participate in Title IV Federal Financial Aid programs.

*This is an estimate. Actual costs depend on market fluctuations of currency rates and actual costs

LEARN MORE ABOUT FINANCIAL AID

?
Requirements for Admission

Candidates are eligible to enroll in the Advanced Graduate Certificate Program as a standalone program if they hold either of the following types of degrees as a requirement for admission.

Doctoral Degree
Must hold a doctoral degree in education or a closely related field from an accredited university, college, or seminary
Admission requirement: Doctoral degree official transcript

A candidate in the Advanced Graduate Certificate Program must complete all Ed.D. admission requirements for consideration into the Ed.D. Leadership program.

Master's Degree
Must hold a master's degree in education or a closely related field from an accredited university, college, or seminary
Admission requirements: Master's degree official transcript; cumulative GPA: 3.50 or above

APPLY NOW
FOR ADVANCED GRADUATE CERTIFICATES

Begin Your Application Today
Embody the knowledge, character, and skills needed to be a catalyst for change.

APPLY NOW

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

