https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/edd/leadership/certificates
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
School of Education
About 
Undergraduate 
Credentials 
Masters 
Certificates 
Doctoral 
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
Advanced Graduate Certificate Program

An advanced graduate certificate for school-level and district-level administrators, and leaders in faith-based institutions and other educational settings

GET STARTED 
Enhance Your Leadership Skills

Our Advanced Graduate Certificate Program allows you to enhance your skills as a leader in additional areas of a learning organization. The value of being an expert in multiple areas will provide you with higher marketability due to your additional expertise. Enrollment in our Advanced Graduate Certificate Program also allows you to apply up to 9 units to our Ed.D. in Leadership degree.

Advanced Graduate Certificates
Educational Administration
Organizational Change
Special Education
Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

Program of Interest 
- Select program
Educational Administration Certificate
Organizational Change Certificate
Special Education Certificate

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

SUBMIT
Curriculum
Educational Administration
Effectively manage human and fiscal resources

External demand for advanced knowledge in educational administration will continue to steadily grow over both the long and short term, in large part due to competition among educators to land administrative positions within schools and school districts. Demand for administrators to fill vacated or new administrative positions should continue to moderately increase in the coming years. Educational Administration is designed to enhance the leadership knowledge and skills of educators to effectively manage human and fiscal resources in a sustainable way that supports learning for all students.

ADVANCED GRADUATE CERTIFICATE COURSES
EDD 703: Technology in a Systems Approach to Leadership
3

This course will provide students opportunities to learn and to utilize technology for pursuit of information, providing transformational instruction, communicating effectively with all stakeholders, and fostering an organizational culture that embraces technology toward ongoing improvement. The course covers a wide spectrum of available technological resources to help leaders better understand student achievement as well as contextual factors (ex. school climate, parent satisfaction, teacher satisfaction) in schools. Specific emphasis will be given to exploration of potential applications of technological resources in a current organizational setting for becoming an integral component of leadership and school culture, performance monitoring, and enhancing learning options for students and staff members.


EDD 704: Strategic Human Resource Management and Development
3

This course will provide students with the knowledge and skills to effectively manage human resources in a sustainable way that supports learning for all students, fosters a professional work environment, upholds contractual agreements, and develops employee capacity fairly and ethically. Specific emphasis will be focused upon promoting a learning organization through effective and collaborative performance reviews, legal compliance, and strategic placement of resources to maximize organizational effectiveness toward student learning.


EDD 705: Sustained Fiscal Leadership for Organizational Effectiveness
3

This course provides students with an overview of successful fiscal leadership in schools by surveying the dynamic landscape of school funding from federal, state, and local levels. This course will provide students with abilities to effectively lead safe, efficient, and effective organizations through meaningful and compliant fiscal management of organizational components, operations, and resources. Specific emphasis will be given to the study of the major responsibilities of a fiscal leader and the utilization of resources in effective and transformative ways.


Organizational Change
Effectively lead and implement change in complex organizations

Demand is high for executive leadership positions in medium to large organizations. In an ever-changing professional world, strong ethical leadership can make a crucial difference in the success of an organization. To this end, Organizational Change prepares graduates to effectively lead and implement change in complex organizations, by employing various motivational and management strategies and skills.

ADVANCED GRADUATE CERTIFICATE COURSES
EDOC 703: Innovation and Organizational Change
3

This course focuses on innovation and change in organizations in response to environmental and technological induced disruptions they bring to organizations or systems. Organizational change theories and models, futurist litera