ce obligations related to the Individuals with Disability Education Act (IDEA) and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act. The landmark Supreme Court Decisions in Special Education and the common mistakes that lead districts into litigation will be discussed. Current issues related to service delivery, fiscal compliance, work with parents and paraprofessionals, assessment, accountability, and inclusive education will be studied.


EDSE 705: Advanced Social Emotional Skills for Counselors and Special Educators
3

This course will guide leaders in building and maintaining social emotional support for learners with special needs (gifts or disability) in education, home, and community settings. Best practices for data-based decision making, School-Wide Positive Behavior Support (SWPBS) and Multi-Tier System of Supports (MTSS) designed to enhance the Least Restrictive Environment (LRE) for all learners will be studied.


About the School of Education at Concordia
Instill a love for learning in every student

Preparing professional educators has always been at the core of the School of Education. We provide a pathway for people who want to experience growth and ignite curiosity. Here you will thrive in today’s world – and shape tomorrow’s.

‌
Tuition & Financial Aid

Concordia University Irvine Advanced Graduate Certificate Programs do not participate in Title IV Federal Financial Aid programs. Students in an Advanced Graduate Certificate Program can apply for a private alternative loan.

Tuition/Fee	Cost
Non-refundable Application Fee: Domestic	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: International	$150
Graduation Fee	graduation fee
Cost per Unit	$1046/unit
Student Service Fee per Semester	$200
*The above estimated costs do not include costs for textbooks and materials, costs for a computer and accessories including a webcam, dissertation related costs, and other costs typically associated with a doctoral program such as academic regalia.
**Students enrolled or planning to enroll in a certificate program at Concordia University can apply for a private alternative loan. Concordia University Certificate Program does not participate in Title IV Federal Financial Aid programs.

*This is an estimate. Actual costs depend on market fluctuations of currency rates and actual costs

LEARN MORE ABOUT FINANCIAL AID

?
Requirements for Admission

Candidates are eligible to enroll in the Advanced Graduate Certificate Program as a standalone program if they hold either of the following types of degrees as a requirement for admission.

Doctoral Degree
Must hold a doctoral degree in education or a closely related field from an accredited university, college, or seminary
Admission requirement: Doctoral degree official transcript

A candidate in the Advanced Graduate Certificate Program must complete all Ed.D. admission requirements for consideration into the Ed.D. Leadership program.

Master's Degree
Must hold a master's degree in education or a closely related field from an accredited university, college, or seminary
Admission requirements: Master's degree official transcript; cumulative GPA: 3.50 or above

APPLY NOW
FOR ADVANCED GRADUATE CERTIFICATES

Begin Your Application Today
Embody the knowledge, character, and skills needed to be a catalyst for change.

APPLY NOW

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

