https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/coaching/Same-Day-Acceptance-Events
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MCAA
Curriculum 
Meet the Team
Alumni
Financial Aid
Coach's Resources 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
Concordia University Same Day Acceptance Events

Eliminate the stress of the college application process with Same-Day Acceptance Events at Concordia University. These virtual events offer a fast and convenient way to gather information about your program of interest and potentially even gain acceptance in under one hour.

What are Same-Day Acceptance Events?

These virtual events, also known as "fast track admissions," are becoming a popular option for graduate program admission at various colleges and universities. Instead of waiting weeks or months to hear about acceptance, you can complete your application, be evaluated and receive an offer of admission in under an hour. At Concordia University Irvine, these events are currently available for our Master’s in Coaching and Athletic Administration graduate program, with more programs expected to follow in the future. Transfer students can also benefit from these 15-minute virtual events, which provide an overview of the admissions process and financial aid options.

Benefits of Attending a Same-Day Acceptance Event

Attending a Same-Day Acceptance Event can offer several benefits, including:

Quick acceptance decisions, allowing you to start planning for your future sooner
Convenient virtual format, accessible to international and out-of-state students
An opportunity to meet representatives from graduate programs and academic staff from your department
A better understanding of financial aid options available at Concordia University Irvine
In some cases, the ability to have application requirements waived, such as recommendation letters or essays, and a waiver of the application fee
How Does a Same-Day Acceptance Event Work?

These virtual events typically last 3 hours and offer a comprehensive overview of the admissions process. You will register for a 15-minute time slot where an admissions representative will assist you in completing your application, and additional faculty members will be on hand to answer questions. You'll get a feel for your professional and academic goals and what life might be like as a student at Concordia University Irvine. Depending on the program, you may also be required to complete a writing sample focused on your educational goals.

Tips on how to prepare for a Same-Day Acceptance Event

Before scheduling a time slot, verify that your program offers these events and familiarize yourself with the specific requirements. Be prepared to bring a copy of your resume, unofficial transcripts, and the name and contact information for one professional reference. Keep in mind that acceptance at these events is conditional, so additional steps may be required, such as submitting official transcripts and more references.

Don't miss out on this exciting opportunity to simplify the application process and potentially gain acceptance to Concordia University Irvine in just a few hours. Check the Information Meetings calendar for upcoming events for your program.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

