https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/theatre/acting-directing
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theatre Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Contact 
Get Started
THEATRE MAJOR
Acting & Directing Emphasis
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Student Director: Ciara Elizondo

The acting and directing emphasis at Concordia University Irvine takes an advanced approach to acting using the Meisner technique and the comprehensive study of genres and styles in acting, speech, and movement for theatre, film, and television. Students will also learn how to direct a fully supported production.

The Theatre Department is a hands-on, in-depth program with faculty who are available and engaged in developing your skills, an active production season, focused workshops, and guest artists who work professionally in Los Angeles and neighboring cities.

With a degree in Theatre: Acting and Directing, you will be provided with the skills necessary to work in a variety of careers, such as:

Film & TV production
Musical Theatre
Cruise Entertainment
Theme Park Cast Member
Event Planning
Marketing
Fundraising
Children’s Theatre
Curriculum
THEATRE CORE
24 Units
THR 200: Stagecraft
3

Through hands-on experiences this course will introduce the practical application of theatrical design principles including techniques and practices of technical organization, set construction, lighting preparation, costume construction, makeup application, and sound preparation. Lab fee: $50.

THR 210: Introduction to Theatrical Design
3

As an introduction to the theories and principles of theatrical design, this course will emphasize the holistic and scenographic approach, while exploring set, lighting, costume, makeup, and sound design with director/ designer collaboration. Lab fee: $50.

THR 251: Introduction to Theatre
3

This course will provide an overview of the various conventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

THR 261: Acting I
3

As an introduction to basic acting techniques, this course will examine ways to construct the interior, physical, and vocal life of a character, teach warm-up procedures and staging principles including scene analysis, performance of monologues, and improvisations. There may be an additional charge for field trips.


THR 341: Advanced Script Analysis
3

As an advanced study of selected plays from the standpoint of the theatre artist (actor, director, designer), this course will look at the process of translating a dramatic text to theatrical production. An emphasis will be placed upon the techniques of perception, imagination, and integration used in developing a concept and determining specific performance and design choices with the application of analysis through projects and presentations. Offered alternate years.


THR 351: Play Direction I
3

This course will introduce students to the following techniques: play selection and analysis, auditioning, scene design and staging, actor coaching, rehearsal strategies, and production management. Both the principles for proscenium and the open stage will be discussed along with the presentation and evaluation of workshop scenes. Prerequisites: THR 251 and THR 261 and THR 262 and THR 341 or consent of instructor.

THR 390: Practicum: Theatre (Theatre Major)
2

This course, intended for students in the theatre major, is a practical, hands-on learning experience where student will work on one or more theatre department productions.


THR 489: Theatre: Professional Preparation
1

This course will explore the skills and materials needed for the professional theatre artist as students create a portfolio, résumé, and other necessary items to prepare for a career in the arts. A Lab fee is required.

Choose 1 of the following courses:
ENG 387: Modern and Contemporary Drama
3

In this course students will read, critically analyze, discuss, and evaluate selected plays from 1890 through the 21st century, including such dramatists as Ibsen, O'Neill, Pirandello, Lorca, Miller, Williams, and Albee. Attending a performance may be required. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202. Offered alternate years.

ENG 466: Shakespeare
3

Critical reading and analysis of selected examples of Shakespeare's histories, comedies, and tragedies will be the focus of this course. Prerequisite: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271.

ACTING AND DIRECTING EMPHASES
20-21 Units
THR 100: Audition Requirement
0

Students in the acting and directing emphasis must audition at least once per academic year, and be willing/available to do the show if cast. (A