6: Shakespeare
3

Critical reading and analysis of selected examples of Shakespeare's histories, comedies, and tragedies will be the focus of this course. Prerequisite: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271.

THR 381: Acting in Musical Theatre
3

Exploration of the voice, movement, and acting skills necessary to perform in modern musical plays will be examined in this course as students participate in workshops, exercises, warm-ups, rehearsal procedures, and in-class solo and group performances. Prerequisite: THR 261 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


THR 461: Creative Dramatics
3

With an emphasis upon personal dramatic experience and drama as process instead of theatrical product, this course will examine the principles and procedures for utilizing creative dramatics activities as an instructional tool. Through individual and group movement, sound, and unscripted exercises, students learn to incorporate dramatic activities in the classroom, rehearsal hall and a variety of other settings, including an introduction to puppetry.


THR 471: Acting IV: Acting for the Camera
4

This is a course covering the skills, terms, and concepts that must be understood in order to create convincing realistic acting performances in front of a camera. A practical course, students will be assigned a series of scenes and exercises which will be recorded by equipment equivalent to what one would encounter in the film and video industry. A natural outgrowth of the skills learned in Acting I and II, this course adapts those skills to work in front of the camera. Lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisites: THR 251 and THR 261 and THR 262 or consent of instructor.

THR 490: Internship: Theatre
3

This is an intense, practical experience in a theatre setting that contributes significantly to the student’s preparation for entrance into a theatrical profession. Specific tasks will be determined in agreement with the host of the internship. Approximately forty (40) contact hours are required for each unit of credit.

THR 498: Theatre Showcase
3

This advanced, thesis-style course will require intensive, hands-on activity at an advanced level under the supervision of a faculty member. Prerequisites: theatre major, senior status, and application approval by the theatre faculty (also see Theatre Showcase Guidelines available in the Theatre Office).


WRT 337: Writing for the Stage and Screen
3

An introductory course to the art of writing dramatic works through the exploration of dramatic writing techniques through writing practice, close analysis of published works, and student workshops. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or WRT 201.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Where our Alumni Are Working

Our theatre graduates are working in the industry. Here are some additional highlights.

Disneyland
Universal Studios
Disney World
Utah Shakespeare Festival
Pfinix Creative Studios
GoButton Productions
Disney HD Channel
Segerstrom Center for the Performing Arts
The Ned Show
Theatricum Botanicum
Two Rivers Theatre
North Coast Repertory Theatre
New Village Arts
San Diego Fringe Festival
Hollywood Fringe Festival
Chance Theater
South Coast Repertory Theater
The Imagination Machine
Phoenix Theatre
Pagosa Springs Center for the Arts
Downey Civic Theatre
Netflix
CollegeHumor
Los Angeles Opera
Long Beach Opera
Opera Pacific
Culture Project (NY)
KCRA/KQCA TV
Briggs Opera House
Missoula Children’s Theatre
Theophany Films
Opportunities for Theatre Majors

The Theatre department wants to provide a myriad of opportunities for our students to gain experience in the performing arts. Our University, Theatre Department, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice the performing arts outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Theatre major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, or double major. Expand your worldview by studying abroad, or transition to graduate school.

Musical Theatre Minor
Theatre Minor
Theatre Design and Technical Production Minor
Around the World in a Semester
Theatre Concentration (Liberal Studies)
Graduate Schools Attended
Cal State San Bernardino
Cal State Fullerton - Department of Cinema & Television Arts
Dodge College of Film and Media Arts at Chapman University
National University of Ireland Galway
Northern Illinois University School of Theatre & Dance
NYU - Tisch School of the Arts
NYU - Steinhardt School for Education in the Arts
Regent University
Sarah Lawrence College MFA Theatre Program
Southern Utah University - Utah Shakespeare Festival
University of North Carolina School of the Arts
University of North Carolina School of the Arts (Film Production)
Extracurricular Act