the chance to practice the performing arts outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Theatre major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, or double major. Expand your worldview by studying abroad, or transition to graduate school.

Musical Theatre Minor
Theatre Minor
Theatre Design and Technical Production Minor
Around the World in a Semester
Theatre Concentration (Liberal Studies)
Graduate Schools Attended
Cal State San Bernardino
Cal State Fullerton - Department of Cinema & Television Arts
Dodge College of Film and Media Arts at Chapman University
National University of Ireland Galway
Northern Illinois University School of Theatre & Dance
NYU - Tisch School of the Arts
NYU - Steinhardt School for Education in the Arts
Regent University
Sarah Lawrence College MFA Theatre Program
Southern Utah University - Utah Shakespeare Festival
University of North Carolina School of the Arts
University of North Carolina School of the Arts (Film Production)
Extracurricular Activities

Theatre offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions with performing arts students from other universities.

Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival
Improv-ceivable
Stage Door 141
ACTS (Acclaiming Christ in Theatre and Service)
Internships

Theatre majors can apply to do a senior project. Concordia enjoys good working relationships with a large number of organizations in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

The Chance Theatre
Actors Theatre of Louisville
La Jolla Playhouse
Disney Corporation
Utah Shakespeare Festival
Scholarships

Scholarships for majors AND non-majors participating in theatre range from $1000 up to half of the price of tuition.

LEARN MORE
Past Productions
The Foolish Proposal
VIDEO
The Fantasticks
VIDEO
A Year with Frog and Toad
VIDEO
Meet your Professors

Professors in the Theatre Department are active participants in mentoring students and nurturing individual artistic growth. Our curriculum is developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with hands-on experience.

Lori Siekman
Theatre Chair

Professor Siekmann is the 2015 recipient of the Kennedy Center/American College Theatre Festival's Gold Medallion of Excellence - the highest award the Kennedy Center gives to educators. Three of her productions have been invited to appear at the regional festival of KC/ACTF.

Tony Vezner
Theatre Professor

A recipient of the KC/ACTF Award for Excellence in Education, Professor Vezner collaborated with Prof. Lee from English to lead the 2016 Around-the-World Semester® which took a team of students to 10 countries over 20 weeks - studying and serving in each country. His previous work includes 14 years as a professional stage director in Chicago.

Andrew Sierszyn
Theatre Professor

Professor Sierszyn brings a wealth of experience and education to his work at Concordia. Andrew has served as a technical director for productions at Sunset Playhouse, Illinois Shakespeare Festival, and Illinois State University, as well as being a prolific designer for Wisconsin Lutheran College and Illinois State University. Additionally, his work as a scenic designer and charge artist includes professional summer stock at the Monomoy Theatre in Chatham, Massachusetts.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

THEATRE FACULTY
TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Theatre major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Professor Tony Vezner
Theatre Department
(949) 214-3425
tony.vezner@cui.edu

Behind the Scenes

Take a peek at what goes on behind the scenes.

FOLLOW OUR BLOG
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia Univ