https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/theatre/acting-directing
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theatre Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Contact 
Get Started
THEATRE MAJOR
Acting & Directing Emphasis
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Student Director: Ciara Elizondo

The acting and directing emphasis at Concordia University Irvine takes an advanced approach to acting using the Meisner technique and the comprehensive study of genres and styles in acting, speech, and movement for theatre, film, and television. Students will also learn how to direct a fully supported production.

The Theatre Department is a hands-on, in-depth program with faculty who are available and engaged in developing your skills, an active production season, focused workshops, and guest artists who work professionally in Los Angeles and neighboring cities.

With a degree in Theatre: Acting and Directing, you will be provided with the skills necessary to work in a variety of careers, such as:

Film & TV production
Musical Theatre
Cruise Entertainment
Theme Park Cast Member
Event Planning
Marketing
Fundraising
Children’s Theatre
Curriculum
THEATRE CORE
24 Units
THR 200: Stagecraft
3

Through hands-on experiences this course will introduce the practical application of theatrical design principles including techniques and practices of technical organization, set construction, lighting preparation, costume construction, makeup application, and sound preparation. Lab fee: $50.

THR 210: Introduction to Theatrical Design
3

As an introduction to the theories and principles of theatrical design, this course will emphasize the holistic and scenographic approach, while exploring set, lighting, costume, makeup, and sound design with director/ designer collaboration. Lab fee: $50.

THR 251: Introduction to Theatre
3

This course will provide an overview of the various conventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

THR 261: Acting I
3

As an introduction to basic acting techniques, this course will examine ways to construct the interior, physical, and vocal life of a character, teach warm-up procedures and staging principles including scene analysis, performance of monologues, and improvisations. There may be an additional charge for field trips.


THR 341: Advanced Script Analysis
3

As an advanced study of selected plays from the standpoint of the theatre artist (actor, director, designer), this course will look at the process of translating a dramatic text to theatrical production. An emphasis will be placed upon the techniques of perception, imagination, and integration used in developing a concept and determining specific performance and design choices with the application of analysis through projects and presentations. Offered alternate years.


THR 351: Play Direction I
3

This course will introduce students to the following techniques: play selection and analysis, auditioning, scene design and staging, actor coaching, rehearsal strategies, and production management. Both the principles for proscenium and the open stage will be discussed along with the presentation and evaluation of workshop scenes. Prerequisites: THR 251 and THR 261 and THR 262 and THR 341 or consent of instructor.

THR 390: Practicum: Theatre (Theatre Major)
2

This course, intended for students in the theatre major, is a practical, hands-on learning experience where student will work on one or more theatre department productions.


THR 489: Theatre: Professional Preparation
1

This course will explore the skills and materials needed for the professional theatre artist as students create a portfolio, résumé, and other necessary items to prepare for a career in the arts. A Lab fee is required.

Choose 1 of the following courses:
ENG 387: Modern and Contemporary Drama
3

In this course students will read, critically analyze, discuss, and evaluate selected plays from 1890 through the 21st century, including such dramatists as Ibsen, O'Neill, Pirandello, Lorca, Miller, Williams, and Albee. Attending a performance may be required. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202. Offered alternate years.

ENG 466: Shakespeare
3

Critical reading and analysis of selected examples of Shakespeare's histories, comedies, and tragedies will be the focus of this course. Prerequisite: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271.

ACTING AND DIRECTING EMPHASES
20-21 Units
THR 100: Audition Requirement
0

Students in the acting and directing emphasis must audition at least once per academic year, and be willing/available to do the show if cast. (Auditioning does not guarantee casting). After each audition students are required to meet with full time theatre faculty present at the audition to get feedback. Students must complete the audition process and feedback session to get credit for that audition. An updated list will be published at the end of each semester detailing auditions and feedback sessions completed. In the semester when students expect to graduate, they should enroll in THR 100 for pass/fail certification. Students who fail to complete this requirement will not be approved for graduation with a theater major: acting and directing emphasis.

THR 241: Voice and Movement for the Actor
3

This course will provide intensive training in the integral use of the voice and body for the actor through the development of tools for communicating character and subtext including vocal and physical relaxation, flexibility, and strength and is intended for students who plan to pursue further study in acting.


THR 262: Acting II
4

This course is an advanced approach to acting techniques used in material from contemporary realism and the modern drama era such as Chekhov and Ibsen. It will include an in-depth study of scene and character analysis; performance of monologues, improvisations, and scenes; exercises based on the Meisner technique and other acting approaches. There may be an additional charge for field trips. Lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: THR 261 or consent of instructor.


THR 371: Acting III
4

As an advanced study of theatrical performance techniques and through the use of in-class workshop experiences, this course will emphasize the acting of Shakespeare and other period styles including restoration and theatre of the absurd. It will include exercises, analytical skills, rehearsal procedures, and methods of artistic criticism. Lab time is included in the schedule. There may be an additional charge for required field trips. Prerequisite: THR 262 or consent of instructor.


THR 451: Play Direction II
3

As a continuation of THR 351, this course will deepen students' knowledge and skills in the theory and practice of stage directing including director/designer collaboration; analysis of period style and genre with application to directors' choices; analysis of modern and contemporary theories of the stage; and artistic direction and dramaturgy in the contemporary theatre. Workshop scenes are presented and evaluated. There may be an additional charge for required field trips. Prerequisite: THR 351 or consent of instructor.

Choose 2 of the following courses not previously completed:
ENG 387: Modern and Contemporary Drama
3

In this course students will read, critically analyze, discuss, and evaluate selected plays from 1890 through the 21st century, including such dramatists as Ibsen, O'Neill, Pirandello, Lorca, Miller, Williams, and Albee. Attending a performance may be required. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202. Offered alternate years.

ENG 466: Shakespeare
3

Critical reading and analysis of selected examples of Shakespeare's histories, comedies, and tragedies will be the focus of this course. Prerequisite: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271.

THR 381: Acting in Musical Theatre
3

Exploration of the voice, movement, and acting skills necessary to perform in modern musical plays will be examined in this course as students participate in workshops, exercises, warm-ups, rehearsal procedures, and in-class solo and group performances. Prerequisite: THR 261 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


THR 461: Creative Dramatics
3

With an emphasis upon personal dramatic experience and drama as process instead of theatrical product, this course will examine the principles and procedures for utilizing creative dramatics activities as an instructional tool. Through individual and group movement, sound, and unscripted exercises, students learn to incorporate dramatic activities in the classroom, rehearsal hall and a variety of other settings, including an introduction to puppetry.


THR 471: Acting IV: Acting for the Camera
4

This is a course covering the skills, terms, and concepts that must be understood in order to create convincing realistic acting performances in front of a camera. A practical course, students will be assigned a series of scenes and exercises which will be recorded by equipment equivalent to what one would encounter in the film and video industry. A natural outgrowth of the skills learned in Acting I and II, this course adapts those skills to work in front of the camera. Lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisites: THR 251 and THR 261 and THR 262 or consent of instructor.

THR 490: Internship: Theatre
3

This is an intense, practical experience in a theatre setting that contributes significantly to the student’s preparation for entrance into a theatrical profession. Specific tasks will be determined in agreement with the host of the internship. Approximately forty (40) contact hours are required for each unit of credit.

THR 498: Theatre Showcase
3

This advanced, thesis-style course will require intensive, hands-on activity at an advanced level under the supervision of a faculty member. Prerequisites: theatre major, senior status, and application approval by the theatre faculty (also see Theatre Showcase Guidelines available in the Theatre Office).


WRT 337: Writing for the Stage and Screen
3

An introductory course to the art of writing dramatic works through the exploration of dramatic writing techniques through writing practice, close analysis of published works, and student workshops. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or WRT 201.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Where our Alumni Are Working

Our theatre graduates are working in the industry. Here are some additional highlights.

Disneyland
Universal Studios
Disney World
Utah Shakespeare Festival
Pfinix Creative Studios
GoButton Productions
Disney HD Channel
Segerstrom Center for the Performing Arts
The Ned Show
Theatricum Botanicum
Two Rivers Theatre
North Coast Repertory Theatre
New Village Arts
San Diego Fringe Festival
Hollywood Fringe Festival
Chance Theater
South Coast Repertory Theater
The Imagination Machine
Phoenix Theatre
Pagosa Springs Center for the Arts
Downey Civic Theatre
Netflix
CollegeHumor
Los Angeles Opera
Long Beach Opera
Opera Pacific
Culture Project (NY)
KCRA/KQCA TV
Briggs Opera House
Missoula Children’s Theatre
Theophany Films
Opportunities for Theatre Majors

The Theatre department wants to provide a myriad of opportunities for our students to gain experience in the performing arts. Our University, Theatre Department, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice the performing arts outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Theatre major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, or double major. Expand your worldview by studying abroad, or transition to graduate school.

Musical Theatre Minor
Theatre Minor
Theatre Design and Technical Production Minor
Around the World in a Semester
Theatre Concentration (Liberal Studies)
Graduate Schools Attended
Cal State San Bernardino
Cal State Fullerton - Department of Cinema & Television Arts
Dodge College of Film and Media Arts at Chapman University
National University of Ireland Galway
Northern Illinois University School of Theatre & Dance
NYU - Tisch School of the Arts
NYU - Steinhardt School for Education in the Arts
Regent University
Sarah Lawrence College MFA Theatre Program
Southern Utah University - Utah Shakespeare Festival
University of North Carolina School of the Arts
University of North Carolina School of the Arts (Film Production)
Extracurricular Activities

Theatre offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions with performing arts students from other universities.

Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival
Improv-ceivable
Stage Door 141
ACTS (Acclaiming Christ in Theatre and Service)
Internships

Theatre majors can apply to do a senior project. Concordia enjoys good working relationships with a large number of organizations in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

The Chance Theatre
Actors Theatre of Louisville
La Jolla Playhouse
Disney Corporation
Utah Shakespeare Festival
Scholarships

Scholarships for majors AND non-majors participating in theatre range from $1000 up to half of the price of tuition.

LEARN MORE
Past Productions
The Foolish Proposal
VIDEO
The Fantasticks
VIDEO
A Year with Frog and Toad
VIDEO
Meet your Professors

Professors in the Theatre Department are active participants in mentoring students and nurturing individual artistic growth. Our curriculum is developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with hands-on experience.

Lori Siekman
Theatre Chair

Professor Siekmann is the 2015 recipient of the Kennedy Center/American College Theatre Festival's Gold Medallion of Excellence - the highest award the Kennedy Center gives to educators. Three of her productions have been invited to appear at the regional festival of KC/ACTF.

Tony Vezner
Theatre Professor

A recipient of the KC/ACTF Award for Excellence in Education, Professor Vezner collaborated with Prof. Lee from English to lead the 2016 Around-the-World Semester® which took a team of students to 10 countries over 20 weeks - studying and serving in each country. His previous work includes 14 years as a professional stage director in Chicago.

Andrew Sierszyn
Theatre Professor

Professor Sierszyn brings a wealth of experience and education to his work at Concordia. Andrew has served as a technical director for productions at Sunset Playhouse, Illinois Shakespeare Festival, and Illinois State University, as well as being a prolific designer for Wisconsin Lutheran College and Illinois State University. Additionally, his work as a scenic designer and charge artist includes professional summer stock at the Monomoy Theatre in Chatham, Massachusetts.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

THEATRE FACULTY
TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Theatre major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Professor Tony Vezner
Theatre Department
(949) 214-3425
tony.vezner@cui.edu

Behind the Scenes

Take a peek at what goes on behind the scenes.

FOLLOW OUR BLOG
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

