https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/nursing/program-philosophy
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Nursing Program

Programs 
About 
Alumni
Info Nights
Accreditation
Blog
Request Info
Apply Now 
Our Nursing Philosophy at Concordia

Nursing is both an art and a science. As such, it embraces the development of the individual through both liberal studies and scientific preparation. The goal of nursing is to view each individual as a bio-psychosocial, cultural, and spiritual being with individual needs that are of utmost concern to the profession.

Concordia University's Nursing Program is a contemporary, comprehensive program that has been uniquely designed for you to learn the necessary knowledge and advanced skills to provide excellence in caring, compassionate, and competent nursing care.

Caring.The Nursing Program is guided by the mission of Concordia University Irvine as a Christian institution. The curriculum is designed around Dr. Jean Watson's philosophy of caring in nursing along with the standards identified by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE)*. Our goal is to educate nurses to develop a view of nursing as a self-actualizing process that is essential in ministering to those who need care. Working closely with faculty role models, students will learn to see nursing as both a philosophical and scientific approach to caring for all those who seek health care, disease prevention and management, health promotion, and health education.

Compassionate.Throughout the courses and interaction with faculty, students will be prepared to provide culturally-sensitive nursing care to a growing ethnically diverse population. Essential to this discipline is the development of attributes that encourage the holistic development of self in order to become socially responsive to the healthcare needs of a culturally diverse world.

Competent.Our program will not only provide students with a strong scientific knowledge base, but they will have the opportunity to develop and refine your clinical skills and professional strategies. Our graduates are prepared to be accountable in nursing practice, resource management, and quality improvement by demonstrating skills in leadership, critical thinking, and implementing the delivery of nursing care in a variety of settings. Students will develop the ability to evaluate patients’ responses to nursing and medical care while advocating for best treatment and nursing care options with members of the health care team in a variety of settings.

*The baccalaureate degree program in nursing at Concordia University Irvine is accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education, 655 K Street NW, Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001, 202-887-6791.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

