 are being met.

Maria-Jean has extensive leadership experience in healthcare, working for nonprofit, community and university teaching hospitals as well as within a national professional nursing organization, the American Association of Critical Care Nurses. Maria-Jean has significant experience in designing, implementing and evaluating systems to support strategic and organizational initiatives, leading project teams and facilitating organizational change.

Mallender, Jennifer, BA
(949) 214-3282
jennifer.mallender@cui.edu
Clinical Coordinator

Jennifer (Jen) is the Clinical Placement Coordinator for Concordia University Irvine's Department of Nursing. In her role, she provides support to the students and faculty of the Department of Nursing including clinical placement assignment to meet the affiliation requirements. Jennifer has a Bachelor of Arts in Advertising and Graphic Design from Grand Canyon University.

Scharfe, Melissa, MSMS, MPH
(949) 214-3638
melissa.scharfe@cui.edu
Lab Manager
Biography

Melissa Scharfe joined Concordia University Irvine in 2021 and started as the lab technician to the Nursing department. She has since risen in her ranks to the Lab Manager that supports Simulation, Skills, Pharmacy, Health Assessment, and Community Health. Melissa started her healthcare career as an Emergency Medical Technician. She has been part of multiple international startups to underprivileged communities, while teaching undergrads the skills of triage. In 2015 Melissa started her move to the formal educational institutes and was part of supporting surgical anatomy for graduate level healthcare departments in Southern California schools.

Education
Master of Science in Medical Sciences, Southern California University of Southern California University of Health and Sciences (2023)
Master of Science in Public Health, West Coast University (2019)
Bachelor of Science in Neuroscience, University of California, Riverside (2011)
Research
Mesenchymal stem cell growth in the presence of signaling paths from oncogenes (2011)
Cortisol effects on the body in relation to the stress from extreme courses (military use). (2011)
Surgical advancements for the purpose of education basic skills (2015-2020)
Publications
(2022) contributions were added to The Posterior Atlantooccipital Membrane: The Anchor for the Myodural Bridge and Meningovertebral Structures by: Dr. Frank Scali
Nursing Admissions Team
Halim, Henny, MBA
(949) 214-3852
henny.halim@cui.edu
Associate Director of Graduate Admissions
Biography

Henny Halim joined Concordia University Irvine in 2008 as a student for the MBA graduate department. Her unique ability to speak 6 languages (Bahasa Indonesia, English, Chinese-Mandarin, Chinese-Taiwanese, Indonesian - Javanese and Cantonese) was a great help when she then decided to come back and start her career with the Admissions team as the only admission counselor in Nursing. From there she has risen within the years at Concordia to the Associate Director of Graduate Admissions for Nursing and Healthcare programs (2021). In this time Henny has been a significant part of the expansions of cohorts and secondary site for the Nursing department. Henny will be starting an Ed.D. program in Organizational Leadership beginning of Fall 2023.

Henny was elected to be a member for Concordia Staff Council (2022) and was elected as Vice Chair (2023).

Education
Master of Business Administrations, Concordia University Irvine, 2008
Bachelor of Science in Microbiology, California State University Long Beach, 2006
Redira, Alicia, MA
(949) 214-3842
alicia.redira@cui.edu
Graduate Admissions Counselor
Tressler, Brian, MBA
(949) 214-3845
brian.tressler@cui.edu
 
Biography

Born and raised in Southern California, Brian is a local of the Orange County landscape. He came to Concordia University Irvine with a strong background in higher education and serves as an Admissions Counselor for the School of Health and Human Sciences. He received his BA and MBA from Hope International University, and also competed in Cross County/Track while earning is degrees. One of his favorite things about serving in higher education is navigating potential applicant’s through the admissions process as they aim to reach their goals. Outside of the office, he enjoys photography, music, movies, and spending quality time with the people close to him.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

