y Lab
Entzel, Chelsea, M.COMM, MSN, RN
 
chelsea.entzel@cui.edu
Assistant Director of Nursing Programs/Assistant Professor of Nursing

Chelsea started teaching at Concordia as an Adjunct Faculty in 2020 and currently serves as the Assistant Director of Nursing Programs. She began her nursing career as a Critical Care nurse and works in a mixed CCU setting and Rapid Response Role. Chelsea enjoyed serving on Hospital committees and furthering nursing education through involvement in hospital committees. Chelsea was also the lead author for the AACN Beacon Award for her CCU Unit where they placed Silver.

Education
Master of Science in Nursing (MSN) - Western University of Health Sciences
Master of Commerce in Organizational Management (M.COMM) - University of New South Wales, Australia
Bachelor of Arts in Communication (B.A.) - Concordia University, Irvine
Teaching
Advanced Medical-Surgical Nursing Theory
Advanced Medical-Surgical Nursing Clinical
Medical-Surgical Nursing Clinical
Skills Lab
Pharmacology Lab
Advanced Preceptorship Clinical
Publications
American Association of Critical Care Nursing (AACN) - Silver Award, 2016
Memberships
American Association of Critical Care Nursing (AACN)
Sigma Theta Tau International
Holt, Carol, PhD, RN, CNS
(949) 214-3285
carol.holt@cui.edu
Professor of Nursing

Carol's RN experience includes critical care nursing for adult neurosurgical, trauma, open heart, transplant and general critical care patients; as an advanced practicing nurse experience as a Heart Transplant Coordinator and as a Pediatric Cardiovascular Clinical Nurse Specialist.

Program development, administration and instructor at Concordia University.
China Mission Trip 2014
American Heart Association Membership
American Holistic Nursing Association Membership
Active volunteer at St. Juliana Church in Fullerton

Education
Doctorate of Philosophy in Nursing, University of California at Los Angeles, 2005
Master of Nursing, Medical/Surgical Nursing Concentration in Critical Care, University of California at Los Angeles, 1989
Bachelor of Science Nursing, University of Tulsa, Tulsa Oklahoma, 1982
Committees
Chairman, Assessment Curriculum & Evaluation (ACE) Committee
Teaching
Advanced Medical/Surgical Nursing Theory and Clinical
Pathophysiology in RN to BSN and MSN Programs
Advanced Preceptorship Clinical and Seminar
Wellness Alternative Therapy
Leadership Theory and Clinical RN to BSN
Research
Editorial Board Member; Journal for the American Association of Critical Care Nurses, 2004-now
IRB Committee Concordia University; evaluate research applications, develops protocols and guidelines. 2016-2019
Weight as a Determinant of Survival in Patients With Heart Failure, Poster Presentation Sigma Theta Tau Conference, Carol Holt RN MN and Lynn Doering RN PhD, October 2001
Health and Well-Being of Children in Rural China. Concordia University President’s Showcase. Carol Holt, PhD., RN, CNS – Faculty Mentor & Phyllis Alvarez, RN, Spring 2015
An Investigation of the Influences of Planned Exercise on Food Selection in School Age Children. Dissertation for partial fulfilment for UCLA School of Nursing doctorate degree, 2005
Weight as a Determinant of Survival in Patients With Heart Failure, Carol Holt RN MN and Lynn Doering RN PhD, Poster Presentation Sigma Theta Tau Conference, Spring 2001
The Effect of Cardiopulmonary Bypass on Lung - Surfactant of Newborn Infants. A. Alkallay MD.......C. Holt. RN....J. Pomerance MD. Cedars Sinai Medical Center. Data collector & wrote portion of protocol, 1992 – 93
Nursing Strategies to Allow Early Discharge After Cardiac Transplantation: Is It Safe? Carol Holt RN MN……Hillel Laks MD. Principle Investigators. Poster presentation at International Heart Transplantation conference, April 1990
Collected data & computer input for NANDA diagnosis of the dying patient. Research Assistant, Jan-June 1989
Catastrophic Events and Their Concentration of Occurrence Around Change of Shift. Master's Thesis, UCLA, June 1989
Publications/Presentations
Wellness Assessment Content for Nursing Curriculum; Poster Presentation, American Holistic Nursing Association 38th Annual National Conference; Niagara Falls, New York, June 2018
Wellness/Prevention Content for Nursing Curriculum; Oral and Poster Presentation, NETNEP 2018 7th International Nurse Education Conference; Banff Canada, May 2018
Wellness/Prevention Content for Nursing Curriculum; Poster Presentation, ATI Summit 2018, Salt Lake City Utah National Conference; May 2018
Speaker at St. Joseph’s yearly symposium; The Future of Healthcare. Lecture title: Wellness Assessment; Preventative Care. October 2014
Health Tips column for Concordia school newspaper, 2011-12
Weight as a Determinant of Survival in Patients With Heart Failure, Poster Presentation Sigma Theta Tau Conference, Carol Holt RN MN and Lynn Doering RN PhD, October 2001
Holt, C., The Care of Children. Chapter 16: Alterations in Cardiovascular Status. W. B., Saunders Co. March 1998. pg 781-862.
