https://www.cui.edu/alumni/nursing-alumni
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Alumni Association
CUI Connect
Benefits
Events
Mentor Program
Groups 
Alumni Fund
Awards
Update Info
FAQ
Contact Us
Nursing Alumni
Alumni Groups
ON THIS PAGE 
Ways to Keep Connected
CUI Connect
Career Development Services: Tips for interviewing, building your network, resume and cover letter help, etc.
LinkedIn
Benefits

As a CCI or Concordia University Irvine degree-holder, you are automatically a member of the Concordia University Irvine Alumni Association (CUIAA). This is a free membership with the purpose of encouraging prosperous relationships, participation in events, and engagement with Concordia University Irvine after graduation. As a member of the CUIAA, you get benefits!

Diploma Artworks
Save $20 on Your Diploma Frame Order!

Diploma Artworks is a premiere vendor for your diploma frame, offering a unique design with a hand-drawn image of the CU Center and custom mat and framing options. All frames are handmade in Costa Mesa, CA using matboards made of substrates that have been chemically treated to eliminate the acids and lignins that can degrade the matboard, the artwork, and your diploma.

Diploma Artworks has been in business since 1982 and prides themselves on customer service. They also offer a 30-day return policy and 100% satisfaction guarantee. They are also able to ship anywhere in the US.

 

Use code cualumni for $20 off your order, in store or online.

Orlando Vacation Discounts
Save Up To 35% On Your Orlando Vacation!

All members of our Eagle Family can access Orlando Employee Discounts, offering Exclusive Pricing on Hotels & Vacation Homes in or nearby Disney World and Universal Studios Orlando. As the Largest Wholesaler of Tickets for Disney World, Universal Studios Orlando, Sea World, and ALL Orlando Area Theme Parks and Attractions, you'll have more fun while saving big bucks!

 

GET DETAILS

Theme Parks, Movie Tickets, Shows, Shopping & More
Save money on entertainment, travel, shopping, and more!

Registration is easy:

1. Email: alumni@cui.edu to request Concordia’s “Working Advantage Member ID”

2. Go to www.workingadvantage.com and register with your information and Concordia University Irvine’s ID.

3. You’re in! Purchase discount tickets & items online or by phone at 1-800-565-3712 (Mon-Fri 9:00 am – 6:00 pm EST, Sat 9:00 am – 5:00 pm EST).

LEARN MORE

Travel Discounts You Can Use
Travel Discounts You Can Use

Exclusive discounts on major hotel chains and auto rentals! Book everything online or with a specific 800-number.

Want a discount card to access these benefits when away from a computer? Just email us at alumni@cui.edu to request it!

 

 

GET DISCOUNT

Local Deal: Davey's Locker Whale Watching
Local Deal: Davey's Locker Whale Watching

Have fun with friends & family whale watching in Newport Beach! Email us at alumni@cui.edu to get your code for 50% off!

Local Deal: Medieval Times
Local Deal: Medieval Times

Surrender to an age of bravery and honor and witness epic battles of steel and steed during the ALL-NEW SHOW. From ringside seats, discover a feast of the eyes and appetite with more action, more fun & more excitement than ever before. Experience a thrilling live jousting tournament and sword-to-sword combat! Plus marvel at awe-inspiring horsemanship and falconry, as you feast on a four-course banquet fit for royalty.

General Admission:
$61.95 Concordia University Irvine Price: $39.00 (adults)
$36.95 Concordia University Irvine Price: $30.00 (children 12 & under)

PURCHASE TICKETS

DELL Member Purchase Program
DELL Member Purchase Program

Concordia University Irvine Alumni, Students, Faculty, Staff, and Parents can enjoy member benefits from Dell!

Exclusive monthly offers
Best price guarantee on consumer PCs from Dell
Up to 30% off Dell PCs, electronics and accessories
Free enrollment in Dell Rewards: 3% back + free expedited shipping
US-Based Sales Team available to assist with all consumer-grade + personal purchases
Customized Student Laptop Program with recommendations for students, faculty and staff for personal purchases
Questions? Reach out to a href="mailto:Michael_Hearn@Dell.com" title ="Michael_Hearn@Dell.com">Michael Hearn, Dell MPP Account Manager and reference Member ID - 126357525

LEARN MORE

CUI Connect
Reconnect • Mentor • Expand • Advance

Nearly 20,000 CCI & CUI Alumni live, work, and serve throughout the world. Network beyond the typical business card trade with CUI Connect! Join today and get instant access to job opportunities, alumni-to-student mentorship program, easy-to-search directory, and so much more! There’s also an app: search “CUI Connect” in Google Play or App Store.

CUI Connect provides access to the entire Eagle community, but you can network with just other Nursing Alumni within GROUPS! Post updates that just your group can see, list Events for just your group, and Photos 