https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/veterans/nursing-pathways
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Veterans Resource Center
Getting Started
Transfers
Benefits 
Resources 
About 
Contact 
Support Our Veterans
Nursing Pathways
VETERANS RESOURCE CENTER
Concordia University Irvine Admission Pathway Placement for Military-Trained Healthcare Personnel

Applicants, including but not limited to Basic Medical Technician (Navy Hospital Corpsman, or Air Force BMTCP), Air Force Independent Duty Medical Technician (IMDT 4NOX1C) or Army Health Care Specialist (68W Army Medic) must meet all general entrance requirements of the Concordia University Nursing Program they are challenging, including required prerequisites. Each applicant’s experience, prerequisites, and transcripts will be considered on an individual basis to provide the best and safest learning experience for the applicant.

Pathway I

Applicants applying for the Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN) second degree program are asked to supply official transcripts, indicating successful completion of a baccalaureate degree in a suitable area of study. The applicant is asked to make an appointment with the Admission Counselor to begin this process. Individuals with military experience related to nursing and who have taken courses related to nursing with a theoretical foundation or who have held military positions in healthcare may challenge specific first semester nursing courses. Upon successful completion of the challenge requirements, the applicant will be eligible to enter the second semester of the ABSN program. A panel of nursing educators, admission counselors and those with military training will review each application on an individual basis.

Pathway II

Applicants applying for the RN to BSN program will have an active California RN license and will be able to supply official college transcripts, indicating successful completion of an Associate Degree in Nursing or a Diploma Degree in Nursing from an accredited school of nursing. All applications shall be accompanied by the documents indicated on the RN to BSN Checklist that will be provided to the applicant. Individuals with military experience related to nursing and who have taken courses related to nursing with a theoretical foundation or who have held military positions in healthcare may challenge specific nursing program courses. The student is asked to contact the Admissions Counselor to get this process started. A panel of nursing educators, admission counselors and those with military training will review each application on an individual basis.

Pathway III

Applicants applying for the MSN program will have an active California RN license and will be able to supply official college transcripts, indicating successful completion of a Baccalaureate in Science in Nursing degree from an accredited school of nursing. All applications shall be accompanied by the documents indicated on the MSN Checklist that will be provided to the applicant. The student is asked to contact the Admissions Counselor to get this process started.

Pathway IV

LVN applicants -If the applicant is licensed in California as a Licensed Vocational Nurse (LVN) and applies to Concordia University Irvine’s nursing program, a review of the applicant’s transcripts and work experience will be performed by nursing administration. An LVN course will be available at Concordia University Irvine to LVN applicants if there is a class consisting of a minimum of eight qualified LVNs who have contacted Concordia University Irvine requesting to become Registered Nurses.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

