https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/financial-aid/graduate
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Financial Aid
Types of Aid
Partnerships
Debt Management
Access Your Offer
Staff
Resources
Financial Aid
GRADUATE
EXPLORE

Financial aid is the monetary assistance program provided to students for educational costs in the form of scholarships, grants, awards, part-time employment, and/or loans. It includes federal, state aid, private or outside aid, and aid from Concordia University. This packaging approach may include assistance from two or more sources of financial aid. The university’s goal is to award all applicants the maximum financial aid for which they qualify, within the restrictions of federal and state guidelines and institutional policies.

Whether you are pursuing a second bachelor's degree, a master’s degree, enrolling in a doctoral program, or obtaining a professional certificate*, continuing your education can open doors for your career.

*Students enrolled or planning to enroll in a certificate program at Concordia University can apply for a private alternative loan. Concordia University Certificate Program does not participate in Title IV Federal Financial Aid programs.

Types of Financial Aid
Scholarships

A scholarship is a financial aid award that does not need to be repaid. Scholarships are a form of merit-based aid, meaning they are offered based on merit or achievement in a specific area.

Partnerships

A Smart-Alliance offers financial aid that does not need to be repaid. Concordia Irvine has formed partnerships with employers and organizations to offer a discounted tuition rate. Some employers offer the benefit of covering partial or full tuition costs. Students receiving Concordia Faculty/Staff Waiver, Graduate Assistants, and Scholarship Athletes cannot combine with tuition discounts.

Loans

A loan is money that you must repay with interest under varying terms and conditions. Graduate students are eligible for a Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loan up to $20,500 per academic year.

Veterans Benefits

Concordia University Irvine is a Yellow Ribbon University, so you can plan your education with the confidence that you’ll receive the benefits and accommodations you need to complete your education. Students receiving Concordia Faculty/Staff Waiver, Graduate Assistants, and Scholarship Athletes cannot combine with tuition discounts.

Step-by-Step Financial Aid

The following steps will help guide you through Concordia's financial aid process. If at any point you have questions or need personalized assistance, please contact us.

Step 1

Create a FSA ID. The student, and one parent if a dependent student, need to create an FSA ID online. Your FSA ID remains the same from year to year, so keep it in a safe place and never share it with anyone.

Step 2

Fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). To apply for need-based aid, federal grants, work-study, and loans, please complete the FAFSA. To have your information sent to Concordia University Irvine, make sure to include Concordia's school code - 013885.
Please note the FAFSA is a free application. Click here for facts on Financial Aid Consultants and Scholarship Services.

Step 3

Read all communications received from the Financial Aid Office and provide any requested documentation at your earliest convenience. The first communication will first go by U.S. Mail. All subsequent requests are sent via email. Once you receive notification you have an Eagles email, please activate it immediately.

Tuition & Fees

Please see your chosen program or degree for specific tuition information.

TUITION & FEES
Contact the Financial Aid Office
Contact Info

Phone: (949) 214-3066
Fax: (949) 214-3500
Email: finaid@cui.edu
Staff Directory

Location

Financial Aid Office, Grimm Hall North, 2nd Floor
Concordia University
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

