https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/mathematics/mathematics-beta-v5/actuarial-science-program
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Mathematics
Curriculum
Minor 
Actuarial Science Program
Faculty
Get Started
Actuarial Science Program
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Prepare for a Career as an Actuary

The Actuarial Science Program is designed to assist students who have an interest in pursuing a career as an actuary with planning their coursework, arranging internships, and preparing for the Society of Actuaries preliminary examinations (Exam P: Probability and Exam FM: Financial Mathematics). The Society of Actuaries does not require a specific undergraduate major as a prerequisite for taking exams, but most encourage emphasis in the mathematics, finance and business coursework. Students who enter the Actuarial Science Program at Concordia University will take courses most appropriate for preparing for the first two exams as well as preparing for a career in actuarial science. Additional courses (including some which will be validated by educational experience by the SOA) and a major should be selected based on student interest and career goals.

Program Requirements
General Education (54-55 Units)
Normally completed during the first two (2) years of attendance.
Major Requirements
Completion of any approved major, typically a mathematics major with a selection of business and economics courses.
Program Requirements
Students should select courses from a variety of fields (including finance, economics and mathematics) that will best prepare them for their first Preliminary Examination (Exam P or Exam FM) by the Society of Actuaries toward the end of their sophomore or junior year.
Required Courses
REQUIRED COURSES
MTH 271: Calculus I
4
This course will study differential and integral calculus with applications including an emphasis on using calculus to solve problems. Lab time is included in the schedule. A graphing calculator is expected.
MTH 272: Calculus II
4
A continuation of MTH 271, this course will include a study of integral calculus with and emphasis on the definite integral, transcendental, parametric, and polar-functions along with their derivatives and integrals, series, and sequences, and an introduction to differential equations. A graphing calculator is expected along with the ability to use appropriate computer software. Lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: MTH 271 or acceptable AP examination credit.
MTH 373: Calculus III
4
As a continuation of MTH 272, this course will include the study of vector calculus, three-dimensional calculus, partial derivatives, multiple integrals, differential calculus, and other selected topics in vector calculus. Prerequisite: MTH 272 or appropriate advanced placement (AP) examination grade.
MTH 387: Probability and Statistics I
3
This course will look at the probability and combinatorics; discrete and continuous random variables; the normal, gamma, Chi-square, Poisson, and binomial distributions with applications. Offered alternate years.
MTH 388: Probability and Statistics II
3
A continuation of MTH 387, this course will cover various multivariate probability distributions, bias and unbiased estimators, Least Square estimation, ANOVA, Block Designs, and a revisit of hypothesis testing and a study of nonparametric statistics. Prerequisite: MTH 387. Offered alternate years.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Other minor options to consider:
Mathematics
 
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
Univers