Public Health
Tuition & Fees
Christ College - DCE Internship
More Information
Stateside (flat rate): $7,230
International (flat rate): $10,913
Doctor of Education (Ed.D.)
Tuition & Fees
Townsend Institute for Leadership & Counseling
Online Master of Arts in Counseling
Online Master of Arts in Organizational Leadership
Online Master of Arts in Executive Coaching & Consulting
Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D), Counselor Education & Supervision
Online Executive Coaching & Consulting Certificate
Online Organizational Leadership Certificate
Payment of Tuition and Fees

All tuition and fees are due and payable as stated on the bill for each semester. Tuition and fees may be paid at the Bursar's Office located on the first floor of Grimm Hall North (103/104) or online at www.cui.edu/onlinepayments. Failure to pay fees by the established deadlines may cause the student to be dropped from ALL classes.

Financial Holds on Unpaid Balances and Registration

Students who are past due in any debt to the university will have a financial hold on their account. They are not permitted to register in any school or college of the university until the hold is released. A financial hold precludes students from receiving university services, including: registration, dropping or adding classes, grades, diplomas, and graduation.

No diploma will be issued for a student who has an outstanding student account balance. The diplomas will be released when the account is paid in full.

Upon withdrawal from the university, accounts with outstanding balances will be transferred to the Bursar for collection. Failure to pay past-due balances will result in the account being turned over to a collection agency. When the university is forced to turn the account to collections, the student shall be responsible for all additional costs of collection including attorney fees and costs. In the event of court action to enforce this agreement, the student shall be responsible for paying all court costs and fees, including attorney fees and costs.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

