https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/international-students/ranking-reputation-results
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

International Students

Majors, Minors, & Programs
Tuition & Costs
Campus & Location
Scholarships
Ranking, Reputation, & Results
Admission
F1 Visa Process
Admitted Student Checklist
Intl. Student Resources
RANKING, REPUTATION, AND RESULTS
International Students
Ranking

In addition to being named a “Top Tier” Regional University by U.S. News & World Report, Concordia University Irvine also moved up in ranking to 26th in the Best Value Schools category in the West.

Reputation

Concordia University Irvine is known for providing a challenging education with a global focus, rigorous core curriculum, and excellent international student services. Concordia is a private Christian liberal arts university, where students are encouraged to grow intellectually, ethically, and spiritually.

Results

Concordia’s network of international alumni are employed across a broad range of dynamic career fields.

Fei Gao
Certified Public Accountant (CPA)

Fei Gao was a starting player on the CUI women’s volleyball team and graduated with a degree in accounting. She works as a CPA in Irvine, CA. Fei was born in Qingdao, China.

Yota Kobayashi
Account Manager, Archer-Daniel Midland (ADM) Japan

After completing a business degree and MBA from Concordia, Yota now works as an account manager in the sales department for ADM, Japan, a global food ingredients company.

Santiago Rodriquez
Business Entrepreneur

Born in Medellin, Colombia, Santiago came to Concordia to study International Business and play water polo. He works for an insure-tech startup called Player’s Health in Minneapolis, MN.

Nokuhanya “Noka” Shabalala
Resident director, Themba Boarding School, South Africa

Noks served in campus ministry at CUI and graduated with a theology degree. As Resident Director at the Themba School, she is involved in campus and refugee ministry and spiritual care counseling.

Ivan Talancon
Contrabassist

Ivan grew up playing contrabass in his hometown of Tijuana, Mexico. After graduating with a music degree from Concordia, he has played in orchestras, symphonies, and other music projects around the globe.

Dr. Xa Xiong
Medical Doctor (MD); Doctor of Chiropractic (DC)

Dr. Xiong came to the US from Laos. He received his BA in Biology and Chemistry from Concordia. Dr. Xiong is American Family Medicine Board Certified and practices as a family physician in Stevens Points, Wisconsin.





Previous Faculty Member


Next Faculty Member
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

