 Scores must be sent directly from the testing institution to the Office of Undergraduate Admissions. Copies are considered unofficial documents.

Complete the Application
Submit Official College Transcripts

Office of Undergraduate Admissions
Concordia University Irvine
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

If transferring from a school within the United States:
Official transcript from each institution attended, covering all collegiate-level work undertaken outside of Concordia. Good standing at each institution is required.
If transferring from a school outside of the United States:
Official transcript from each institution attended, covering all collegiate-level work undertaken outside of Concordia. Good standing at each institution is required.
ALL non-US equivalent transcripts must arrive with a certified English evaluation and translation documenting your coursework, examinations taken, grades received, passing and maximum marks, and evidence of secondary school graduation. The student must have a minimum GPA of 2.8 on a 4.0 scale, or equivalent to that according to the grading system used by the country that a student is applying from.
(Please note that CUI does not have a translation or evaluation service, and students are required to submit records in English. If the school does not issue an English translation, or if the transcript is not calculated into the US GPA grading system, the student is responsible for getting an official translation done. Please contact IERF and ask for a Detail Report (also known as a course-by-course report).
Submit Official Test Scores
SAT: The student must have at least a 430 Evidenced-Based Reading and Writing score, Total Score for Evidenced-Based Reading, Writing and Math 980. School Code 4069.
ACT: The student must have a minimum composite score of 18. School Code 0027.
TOEFL: This is an English language proficiency test taken by non-native English speakers. Students must have a minimum iBT score of 79.
IELTS: Students must have a minimum band of 6.5.

Note: Official Test Score Reports must be mailed directly from the Testing Center in a sealed envelope or hand-carried to the Admissions Office:

Office of Undergraduate Admissions
Concordia University Irvine
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

Application Deadlines
Fall Semester
Type	Outside the US	Inside the US
Application Deadline	June 1	July 1
Deposit Deadline	July 15	August 1
Spring Semester
Type	Outside the US	Inside the US
Application Deadline	November 1	December 1
Deposit Deadline	December 1	December 15
Contact us

If you have questions about our admissions process or requirements, please contact us.

Phone: 800.229.1200, ext. 3010 or 949.214.3010
Email: InternationalAdmissions@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

