ell as some others) are required to pay the SEVIS FEE in addition to the visa application fee. For more information, please click here: SEVIS Fee for F1 Students.

‌
Step 5: Apply for a Visa

After you receive your immigration documents, you will need to apply at the US Embassy or Consulate in your country for your F-1 visa.

Special Notes: F1 students who attended another U.S. school before coming to CUI, you MUST request your previous school to transfer your SEVIS record to CUI. You do not need to apply for a new visa if not traveling abroad during the transition, or if your current F1 visa in your passport is still valid upon returning from travel abroad.

Canadian citizens: Canadian citizens are NOT required to obtain a U.S. visa to enter the United States. However, when you come to attend school, you must present the following documents for inspection either at a pre-inspection site in Canada or upon entry to the United States:

Canadian passport
Admission letter to Concordia University
Original I-20
SEVIS Fee Payment Receipt
Financial documentation upon inspection.
‌
Step 6: Enter the US

Entering the United States / Arrival Information

Enter the U.S. within 30 days before the program starting date on I-20
DO NOT attempt to enter the U.S. more than 30 days before the program starting date on your I-20! Although you may apply for an F-1 visa up to 120 days prior to the I-20 start date, F-1 visa holders are NOT permitted to enter the U.S. more than 30 days before the start date on your I-20. Also, entry to the U.S. after the first day of classes requires permission from University officials and may require the issuance of a new I-20 form.

Enter U.S. on an F1 visa only
DO NOT enter the United States on a B-1/B-2 visitor visa or F-2 dependent visa even if you have one in your passport. You will not be allowed to attend school on a B-1/B-2 or F-2 visa in the U.S. U.S. Customs and Immigration Services (USCIS) would deny your application to change status from B-1/B-2 to F1 if you have evidence of intending to go school prior to your arrival, such as having applied for school or having requested a Form I-20.

Use CUI I-20 when entering the U.S.
DO NOT enter the United States with an I-20 issued by another school! If it is the first time you have attended school in the U.S., your F1 visa stamp should bear the CUI name. If you have already obtained a visa with another school's name listed on it, please contact rachel.kim3@cui.edu or by phone at (949) 214-3471.

Procedures at the Port of Entry

Upon arrival to the U.S., a U.S. Customs and Border Patrol (CBP) officer will review your immigration documents; I-20, valid passport, and F1 or J1 visa. The International Center highly recommends you also hand carry financial documents, admission letter, and I-901 receipt of the SEVIS fee.

Documents Needed at the Port of Entry

I-20
Valid Passport
Financial documents (Proof of sufficient funds to pay for tuition and fees)
Admissions Letter from Concordia University Irvine
I-901 receipt of SEVIS fee
Proof of ties to Canada-Canadian citizens only

Traveling without all immigration documents needed to enter the U.S. might be sufficient reason to be denied entry. Entry to the U.S. is up to the discretion of the immigration officer at the P.O.E.

I-20 Request Form

Important Note: An electric I-20 will be sent to your CUI Eagles email account after receiving all the required documents. The original paper copy of the form will not be mailed, instead, an electronic copy of your form I-20 will be sent to your Eagles email account. Please print and sign the electric I-20 when you receive it. Carry it with you when you travel to the US. ( If you have trouble to login to your CUI Eagles email account, please contact ITS@cui.edu directly for an assistance.)

First Name 
Last Name 
Student E Number 
Major 
Email 
Phone
Date of Birth 
Country 
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos
Colombia
Comoros
Congo - Brazzaville
Congo-Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Ja