https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/international-students/admitted-new-students
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

International Students

Majors, Minors, & Programs
Tuition & Costs
Campus & Location
Scholarships
Ranking, Reputation, & Results
Admissions
F1 Visa Process
Admitted Student Checklist
Intl. Student Resources
ADMITTED STUDENTS
International Students
Immigration Process
How to Obtain Your I-20 Documents

In order to obtain a Form I-20 from Concordia University Irvine, the student must first be admitted into the university. After you are admitted, you will need an immigration document (I-20) to apply for an F-1 visa at a U.S. Embassy or Consulate in your country

Here are the steps you need to follow to receive an I-20 from Concordia University Irvine:

‌
Step 1: Submit Your Deposit

After you are admitted to Concordia University, you must submit your deposit www.cui.edu/deposit

‌
Step 2: Submit the I-20 Request Form (NEW/Admitted Student) and Supporting Financial Proof to Your Immigration Specialist

Financial Documents For F-1 (Student) Visa: If you intend to apply for an F-1 (student) visa, you will be required by a U.S. consular officer to present a Form I-20 and supporting financial documents to demonstrate your ability to meet financial obligations for the first year of your academic program.

All students are required to demonstrate financial ability to pay for at least one year of tuition, fees, and living expenses before Concordia University can issue an immigration document (I-20).

Please submit the below documents to rachel.kim3@cui.edu

An Affidavit of Financial Document Form
Current Official Bank Statement (less than 6 months old)
Please, check the Affidavit of Financial Document form for the estimated costs per program of study

Note: The financial documents cannot be older than six months at the time of submission to Concordia University Irvine in order to be considered valid. Financial support may be from your own resources or from a sponsor. If your sponsor is a U.S. citizen or U.S. legal permanent resident, the affidavit of support (PDF) must be completed and submitted with your application. These supporting financial documents will also be required at the U.S. Embassy or Consulate when you apply for your visa.

Acceptable evidence of financial support:

Official Bank statements
Letter on Bank letterhead with required signature/stamp
Scholarship letters
Lines of credit Governmental funding

Unacceptable financial documents:

Chartered accountant statements
Payroll reports/expected income
Tax statements and W-2’s
Property assessments
Credit cards
Bank statements lacking currency amounts
Other statements of non-liquid assets

If you are transferring to Concordia University from another U.S. institution, please also provide the following additional items:

Complete the F-1 Transfer Form
A copy of F1 Visa
A copy of Passport
A copy of I-94
A copy of I-20 (All 3 pages)
Submit I-20 Request Form

For questions on the Immigration process, please contact rachel.kim3@cui.edu or (949) 214-3468.

‌
Step 3: Receiving Your Form I-20

Once the Step 1 and Step 2 are completed, an electronic I-20 will be sent to your Eagles email account* shortly**. Please check your CUI Eagles email account and print your I-20 for your reference.

Make sure to print an electronic Form I-20 and carry it with you when you apply for an F1 visa as well as when you travel to the US.

*If you have trouble logging in to your eagles email account, please contact IT directly at ITS@CUI.EDU.

**Any issues that arise during the review process may delay the issuance of your immigration documents. If issues do arise during the review process, Moon International Center will contact you through the email you provided at the time of your application to Concordia University.

‌
Step 4: Pay the SEVIS Fee

Before applying for an F-1 visa, all first time F-1 visa applicants (as well as some others) are required to pay the SEVIS FEE in addition to the visa application fee. For more information, please click here: SEVIS Fee for F1 Students.

‌
Step 5: Apply for a Visa

After you receive your immigration documents, you will need to apply at the US Embassy or Consulate in your country for your F-1 visa.

Special Notes: F1 students who attended another U.S. school before coming to CUI, you MUST request your previous school to transfer your SEVIS record to CUI. You do not need to apply for a new visa if not traveling abroad during the transition, or if your current F1 visa in your passport is still valid upon returning from travel abroad.

Canadian citizens: Canadian citizens are NOT required to obtain a U.S. visa to enter the United States. However, when you come to attend school, you must present the following documents for inspection either at a pre-inspection site in Canada or upon entry to the United States:

Canadian passport
Admission letter to Concordia Univ