s not yet obtained an SSN. However, you must have employment authorization from your program sponsor or the USCIS before you begin working.

Social Security Number Safety

A SSN is only meant to be used for tax and government purposes; however, it is often used by financial institutions, businesses, and others as a unique identification number. Because the SSN is a unique ID, it is often the target of "identity theft." You should be very careful about where and to whom you give your SSN. Never carry your Social Security card or number with you. Keep it at home in a secure place.

Only give your SSN to someone who has a specific and legitimate need for it.
Be very careful with any forms, applications, or other materials that may have your SSN on it.
Never give your SSN to someone who phones you.
Never reply to emails or websites that request a SSN.
Click here to request for SSN supporting letter from PDSO/DSO.
SSN Supporting Letter Form

A Social Security card and number are essential to working in the United States as it’s required for anyone to receive payment. To apply for a Social Security number, you must be able to prove that you are legally authorized for employment and have a paid job.

Submit this form and send a copy of 'Job Offer Letter' to rachel.kim3@cui.edu

First Name 
Last Name 
Student E Number 
Email 
Date of Birth 
Name of Employer 
Job Title 
Employment Start Date 
Current Program Information 
Undergraduate
Graduate
MBA
MCAA
Exchange Program
Other
Graduation Date




Collect the following documents and take them to the Social Security Administration office to apply for your card.

SS-5 Application for a Social Security Card
Proof of employment authorization (Letter from PDSO/DSO)
Job Offer Letter
I-20
I-94 card
Passport
F1 Visa

Your Social Security card should be mailed to you within 3 months.

SUBMIT
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

