https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/international-students/starting-school-at-cui
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

International Students

Majors, Minors, & Programs
Tuition & Costs
Campus & Location
Scholarships
Ranking, Reputation, & Results
Admissions
F1 Visa Process
Admitted Student Checklist
Intl. Student Resources
ADMITTED STUDENT CHECKLIST
International Students
Welcome to Concordia’s International family!
Admitted Student Checklist & Next Steps

After you’re accepted and make your deposit, it’s very important to complete the next steps in the admitted student checklist to make sure you’re ready to start school on time. The staff in the Moon International Center will guide you through the next steps and are available to answer any questions you may have.

ADMITTED STUDENT CHECKLIST

Student Housing

Living on campus? Make sure to complete your housing application to reserve your spot in the residence halls.

If you’ve made other arrangements and will be living off campus, fill out the housing appeal form and email it directly to RES@cui.edu to opt-out of the residence halls.

HOUSING APPLICATION

International Student Orientation

All new international students are required to complete International Student Orientation (ISO) before starting classes at Concordia. ISO is an online orientation designed to provide all the information and tools you will need to succeed as a student at Concordia. Before the semester begins, the Moon International Center staff will contact you to assist with your enrollment process and provide access to the ISO portal.

International Student Welcome Day

To make your transition easier, international students are allowed to check in early! On International Student Welcome Day, our team of International Student Ambassadors (ISAs) will be available to help you check into your dorm, take you shopping for essentials, and show you around the area.

All new international students (including those living off-campus) must check in on International Student Welcome Day to complete their legal orientation.

Arrival Information

If you’re living on campus, make sure to book a flight that will arrive the morning of or before International Student Welcome Day. You will only be able to move into your dorm on your designated check-in day. If you decide to arrive before move-in day, you will need to make your own hotel arrangements.

Local Hotel Recommendations and Airport Shuttles

Residence Hall Move-In

Residence Hall Move-In The Moon International Center has a team of student volunteers who will help you check into your residence hall and shop for essentials to make your room feel like home. You can also have your housing essentials shipped ahead of time and waiting for you upon your arrival. Just enter Concordia’s address in the shipping information and make sure to order early enough for them to arrive before you do.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

