https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/international-students/international-student-experience
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

International Students

Majors, Minors, & Programs
Tuition & Costs
Campus & Location
Scholarships
Ranking, Reputation, & Results
Admission
F1 Visa Process
Admitted Student Checklist
Intl. Student Resources
INTERNATIONAL STUDENT RESOURCE
International Students
U.S. Healthcare 101: Why Do International Students Need Health Insurance?
Your Health & Wellness

To thrive in your college journey, the first step is to stay healthy, both physically and emotionally. This section introduces what Concordia offers to help you succeed in this foundational area.

Medical expenses for illnesses and injuries in the United States are one of the highest in the world. A simple visit to the hospital may cost you thousands of dollars. Although the university does not require proof of insurance coverage, we highly recommend that you purchase private health insurance. There are different insurance options available in the market and we do not promote any particular company. However, if you want a place to start looking, you may check out these links:

iNext International Insurance
International Student Insurance
Staying Healthy 360
Wellness Center: The Wellness Center has free samples of decongestants, cough medications, throat lozenges, acetaminophen, ibuprofen, and other medications for common illnesses and injuries. Antibiotics may be purchased for approximately $10.00 for a typical course. Office visits to see a nurse is FREE for full-time undergraduate students. Part-time and graduate students pay $25.00 for each medical office visit. Even if you are referred to Urgent Care or ER, you will likely pay less if you go to the Wellness Center first.
Counseling Services: Students seek counseling for a variety of reasons such as family conflict; grief and loss; relationship issues; low self-confidence; depression; anxiety; eating disorders; controlling usage of alcohol and drugs; life purpose and direction; and assistance in making better decisions. Click on the link to learn more!
CU Active: Take advantage of Concordia's free bike rental program and gym equipment to stay physically active.
Community - Events: Be a part of the Concordia community! There are so many ways to begin your adventure: check out the Student Events Calendar and choose a concert, play, special event (e.g., Midnight Madness; Suitcase Bingo), sports event, Bible study, resume workshop, job fair, student club meeting, leadership training, and more. Take one step and let it lead you to the next.
Community - Small Groups: Our dedicated team of ISAs are always ready to lend their listening ears and empathetic hearts, because they know how it feels to be an international student. 

Come in and Chat: Not sure where to start? We are here for you. Make an appointment to meet with your International Center Coordinator.

Engage as Global Citizens
Global Village

The Global Village is one of four Living-Learning Communities at Concordia. It leads the campus in exploring what “global community” means and what it actually looks like in everyday living. In addition to attracting local students passionate about travel, global issues, world cuisine, and building authentic cross-cultural friendships, the Global Village positions international students to play an active role in shaping the communal experience with their cultural expertise and perspectives.

Faculty-in-Residence: Jeff & Stacie Mallinson (2013-16), Alanna Bretzmann (2017 Spring), Caleb & Jennifer Karges (2017 Fall to present)

Global Citizens Club

The Global Citizens Club is a student-led club that empowers Concordia University Irvine students to become true global citizens through learning celebration and service. Events provide a platform for students around the world to collaborate on meaningful goals and to celebrate their differences, instead of being divided by them.

Culture Fest

CultureFest is an annual tradition and the longest-running campus-wide event at Concordia University Irvine. In addition to an outdoor lunch and mainstage performances, international students step up to represent and share their culture through food, visual displays, dress, and storytelling.

International Student Ambassadors

International Student Ambassadors (a.k.a. ISAs) are a team of globally engaged local or international student volunteers who are positioned to help new international students feel welcome and supported at Concordia. As a student leadership position, the ISA role can strengthen resumes, serve as a foundation for requesting references from International Center staff, and function as a preparation for future opportunities.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

