ndshake: platform for on-campus jobs

Events to Look Forward To

Transfer Student Mixers

Finals Study Skills Workshop

Time Management/Organization Workshops

Vision Board Workshop

Professional Development Workshops (LinkedIn, Resume Reviews, Interview Tips, Etc!) and More!

Frequently Asked Questions
‌
What are the transfer credit academic policies?

Read the details of our transfer policies HERE.

‌
What is CORE?

Q&I Core is comprised of classic liberal arts courses offered in small, innovative learning communities. Q&I Core courses are taken together in linked pairs: biology with theology, mathematics with philosophy, and history with literature. Q&I Core classes typically have just 25 students, giving you a close-knit learning community.

Concordia's Q&I Core classes are mostly taught by full-time professors. Interaction with the professors is not limited to the classroom setting either. You are encouraged to meet with your professors during office hours. In fact, Q&I Core classes typically offer tutorials where you meet with your professors individually to discuss your papers and develop your ideas.

As a transfer student, you will be given a “core level” depending on how many credits you are bringing in with you and how much time you have here until receiving your degree. Your academic advisor can answer any questions you may have regarding your core level.

‌
Who should I talk to if I have questions about my transferred courses?

You should first talk to your academic advisor. They will be able to answer any questions you have or refer you to the correct department if necessary.

‌
How long will it take me to graduate from Concordia?

Every transfer student is unique as they each transfer in with a different amount of credits from their previous institution. Upon enrolling, your academic advisor will create a graduation plan that takes into account your transferred in courses as well as the requirements to graduate with your intended degree. You will be able to view this plan on Degreeworks and work with your advisor if you would like to make any changes to the plan.

‌
How will I know what courses are required for my degree?

You are able to view all the required coursework through Degreeworks.

‌
How do I determine my student classification?

Classification is based on the number of completed units:

Freshman: 0-29.99

Sophomore: 30-59.99

Junior: 60-89.99

Senior: 90+

‌
Can I live on campus and who would I live with?

You are able to live on campus if you are under the age of 25! We have a transfer specific residence hall where you are able to live among other transfer students.

‌
Where should I hang out on campus in between classes?

There are a ton of great spots to hang on campus whether it be to study or just relax! Some great spots to check out are:

Eagle's Landing
The Library
CU Active
Residential Lounges (NOTE: you don’t need to be a resident) These lounges have games, comfy couches, study spaces, and more.
Unity Center (This is a great place that many commuters like to hang out. We have microwaves, couches, and a coffee machine!)
‌
I’m struggling with the transition to Concordia, what should I do?

1. If you want to talk through your struggles, contact your transfer success coach. Together, you can discuss the areas that you’re struggling and discuss action steps to improve.

2. If you’re struggling academically, you can work with the tutoring center or make an appointment with the Disability Access Services Center (both located on the top floor of the library).

3. If you’re struggling with your mental health, you can make an appointment with the wellness center to discuss your struggles. There is a group of mental health professionals ready to assist you.

4. If you’re struggling with your faith, you can meet with the Campus Pastor or any staff/faculty that you feel comfortable with. We are all here to help and serve you on your journey. We would love to discuss and talk through any issues you may be having.

‌
What type of equipment am I able to rent and how does it work?

CU Active provides a wide range of equipment for students to rent, absolutely FREE! They offer bikes, surfboards, sports equipment, tents, hammocks, and more through the booqable app! More information can be found on the CU Active page.

‌
What is the HUNT?

Throughout the year, Concordia students participate in the HUNT through a series of spirit days, events, activities, and intramural sports to earn points for their team. At the end of the year, you’ll get to compete in The Hunter Games to gain the ultimate prize of the Golden Eagle trophy!

‌
When are chapel services?

Chapel is held:

Daily chapel is held Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday from 10:30am-10:55 am in the CU Center

SHOUT! (Student led chapel) is held Thursday nights from 9:30pm-10:30pm in the CU Center

CU Source is held Sundays 6:30pm-7:20pm in the Good Shepherd Chapel

‌
I have a suggestion/comment/concern/question.

Great! Please fill out