https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/transfer-student-experience
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Student Life
Living on Campus 
Stay Active 
Exercise Creativity 
Called to Service 
Spiritual Life 
First Year Experience
Transfer Experience
Academic Experience 
Menu
Transfer Student Experience
STUDENT LIFE
Welcome Transfer Students!

Each student takes a different path to Concordia University Irvine, and the stories and experiences they bring with them are unique. We have a team ready to help you transition smoothly to campus life. You are wanted here and we are honored that you are interested in making Concordia your new home!

Joie Annunziato: Success Transfer Coach
joie.annunziato@cui.edu.
949-214-3040
 
Have suggestions, comments, or questions? Let us know!

BOOK A MEETING WITH ME

Have specific questions about your major?

FIND YOUR ACADEMIC ADVISOR

MyCUI

MYCUI is your portal for campus communications, Concordia's Blackboard online learning platform, student records, and quick links for student and faculty resources.

To learn more about the MyCUI App and how it enhances your student experience, visit cui.edu/mycui-experience.

Be sure to join the following groups to stay up to date on events & important resources:

CUI Transfer Students
ASCUI
The Hunt
Student Success
Transfer Smoothly
Academics

Take advantage of the tutoring center in the library. We have free tutoring available for anything you may be struggling with. The tutoring center is located on the top floor of the library.

Attend office hours, especially for classes you are struggling with. Our professors truly care about how you are doing inside and outside of the classroom. Make time to connect with them so they can help you succeed.

Make an appointment with your Academic Advisor to discuss struggles and potential solutions. They are here to help! The academic advising office is located on the top floor of the library.

Create study groups with classmates.

Don’t overextend yourself with extra-curricular activities, especially your first semester. Plan for 15-20 hours per week max. Give yourself time to adjust to the rigor of our coursework and your new chapter here at Concordia.

Find your study spot. Popular spots include:

Unity Center

Bottom floor library (quiet zone)

Top floor library (open zone, talking/collaboration allowed!)

Ask questions! Remember that every student, professor, and staff member once had their first day here, too. Your Transfer Success Coach, PALS, RAs and the Office of Student Success are also available to answer questions.

Social Life

Get to know your RA & PAL (orientation leader). These individuals will help you get acclimated to campus life and be able to answer specific questions regarding student life at CUI.

Join a CLUB or create your own!

Participate in the HUNT. The HUNT is unique to Concordia and a big part of student life! Be sure to stay up-to-date on the HUNT activities and get involved.

Attend on campus events that are of interest to you! 

Join one of our Intramural sports leagues.

Explore spots on and off campus. Popular spots include:

On-Campus:

Eagle’s Landing

Residential Lounges (even if you’re not a resident!). These lounges have games, comfy couches, study spaces, and more!

CU Active

Off-Campus:

Newport Beach (7 miles from campus)

Corona Del Mar Bonfire Pits (6 miles from campus)

University Town Center - has a Target, Trader Joe’s & tons of food options! (2 miles from campus)

Irvine Spectrum (6 miles from campus)

Back Bay Trail (5 miles from campus)

List of recommended churches in the area

Campus Resources

Concordia wants you to feel right at home and is ready to help you.  Here are some of our most popular resources to help you with a smoother transition:

Learn About & Sign Up for Clubs! Want to start your own? You absolutely can! 

Career Center

Wellness Center

Tutoring Center

Financial Aid Center

Campus Ministry

Handshake: platform for on-campus jobs

Events to Look Forward To

Transfer Student Mixers

Finals Study Skills Workshop

Time Management/Organization Workshops

Vision Board Workshop

Professional Development Workshops (LinkedIn, Resume Reviews, Interview Tips, Etc!) and More!

Frequently Asked Questions
‌
What are the transfer credit academic policies?

Read the details of our transfer policies HERE.

‌
What is CORE?

Q&I Core is comprised of classic liberal arts courses offered in small, innovative learning communities. Q&I Core courses are taken together in linked pairs: biology with theology, mathematics with philosophy, and history with literature. Q&I Core classes typically have just 25 students, giving you a close-knit learning community.

Concordia's Q&I Core classes are mostly taught by full-time professors. Interaction with the professors is not limited to the classroom setting either. You are encouraged to meet with your professors during office hours. In fact, Q&I Core classes typically offer tutorials where you meet with your professors individually to discuss your papers and develop your ideas.

As a transfer student, you will be given a “core level” depending on how many credits you are bringing in with you and how much time you have here until receiving your degree. Your academic advisor can answer any questions you may have regarding your core level.

‌
Who should I talk to if I have questions about my transferred courses?

You should first talk to your academic advisor. They will be able to answer any questions you have or refer you to the correct department if necessary.

‌
How long will it take me to graduate from Concordia?

Every transfer student is unique as they each transfer in with a different amount of credits from their previous institution. Upon enrolling, your academic advisor will create a graduation plan that takes into account your transferred in courses as well as the requirements to graduate with your intended degree. You will be able to view this plan on Degreeworks and work with your advisor if you would like to make any changes to the plan.

‌
How will I know what courses are required for my degree?

You are able to view all the required coursework through Degreeworks.

‌
How do I determine my student classification?

Classification is based on the number of completed units:

Freshman: 0-29.99

Sophomore: 30-59.99

Junior: 60-89.99

Senior: 90+

‌
Can I live on campus and who would I live with?

You are able to live on campus if you are under the age of 25! We have a transfer specific residence hall where you are able to live among other transfer students.

‌
Where should I hang out on campus in between classes?

There are a ton of great spots to hang on campus whether it be to study or just relax! Some great spots to check out are:

Eagle's Landing
The Library
CU Active
Residential Lounges (NOTE: you don’t need to be a resident) These lounges have games, comfy couches, study spaces, and more.
Unity Center (This is a great place that many commuters like to hang out. We have microwaves, couches, and a coffee machine!)
‌
I’m struggling with the transition to Concordia, what should I do?

1. If you want to talk through your struggles, contact your transfer success coach. Together, you can discuss the areas that you’re struggling and discuss action steps to improve.

2. If you’re struggling academically, you can work with the tutoring center or make an appointment with the Disability Access Services Center (both located on the top floor of the library).

3. If you’re struggling with your mental health, you can make an appointment with the wellness center to discuss your struggles. There is a group of mental health professionals ready to assist you.

4. If you’re struggling with your faith, you can meet with the Campus Pastor or any staff/faculty that you feel comfortable with. We are all here to help and serve you on your journey. We would love to discuss and talk through any issues you may be having.

‌
What type of equipment am I able to rent and how does it work?

CU Active provides a wide range of equipment for students to rent, absolutely FREE! They offer bikes, surfboards, sports equipment, tents, hammocks, and more through the booqable app! More information can be found on the CU Active page.

‌
What is the HUNT?

Throughout the year, Concordia students participate in the HUNT through a series of spirit days, events, activities, and intramural sports to earn points for their team. At the end of the year, you’ll get to compete in The Hunter Games to gain the ultimate prize of the Golden Eagle trophy!

‌
When are chapel services?

Chapel is held:

Daily chapel is held Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday from 10:30am-10:55 am in the CU Center

SHOUT! (Student led chapel) is held Thursday nights from 9:30pm-10:30pm in the CU Center

CU Source is held Sundays 6:30pm-7:20pm in the Good Shepherd Chapel

‌
I have a suggestion/comment/concern/question.

Great! Please fill out this form and let us know!

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

