https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/transfer-student-experience
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Student Life
Living on Campus 
Stay Active 
Exercise Creativity 
Called to Service 
Spiritual Life 
First Year Experience
Transfer Experience
Academic Experience 
Menu
Transfer Student Experience
STUDENT LIFE
Welcome Transfer Students!

Each student takes a different path to Concordia University Irvine, and the stories and experiences they bring with them are unique. We have a team ready to help you transition smoothly to campus life. You are wanted here and we are honored that you are interested in making Concordia your new home!

Joie Annunziato: Success Transfer Coach
joie.annunziato@cui.edu.
949-214-3040
 
Have suggestions, comments, or questions? Let us know!

BOOK A MEETING WITH ME

Have specific questions about your major?

FIND YOUR ACADEMIC ADVISOR

MyCUI

MYCUI is your portal for campus communications, Concordia's Blackboard online learning platform, student records, and quick links for student and faculty resources.

To learn more about the MyCUI App and how it enhances your student experience, visit cui.edu/mycui-experience.

Be sure to join the following groups to stay up to date on events & important resources:

CUI Transfer Students
ASCUI
The Hunt
Student Success
Transfer Smoothly
Academics

Take advantage of the tutoring center in the library. We have free tutoring available for anything you may be struggling with. The tutoring center is located on the top floor of the library.

Attend office hours, especially for classes you are struggling with. Our professors truly care about how you are doing inside and outside of the classroom. Make time to connect with them so they can help you succeed.

Make an appointment with your Academic Advisor to discuss struggles and potential solutions. They are here to help! The academic advising office is located on the top floor of the library.

Create study groups with classmates.

Don’t overextend yourself with extra-curricular activities, especially your first semester. Plan for 15-20 hours per week max. Give yourself time to adjust to the rigor of our coursework and your new chapter here at Concordia.

Find your study spot. Popular spots include:

Unity Center

Bottom floor library (quiet zone)

Top floor library (open zone, talking/collaboration allowed!)

Ask questions! Remember that every student, professor, and staff member once had their first day here, too. Your Transfer Success Coach, PALS, RAs and the Office of Student Success are also available to answer questions.

Social Life

Get to know your RA & PAL (orientation leader). These individuals will help you get acclimated to campus life and be able to answer specific questions regarding student life at CUI.

Join a CLUB or create your own!

Participate in the HUNT. The HUNT is unique to Concordia and a big part of student life! Be sure to stay up-to-date on the HUNT activities and get involved.

Attend on campus events that are of interest to you! 

Join one of our Intramural sports leagues.

Explore spots on and off campus. Popular spots include:

On-Campus:

Eagle’s Landing

Residential Lounges (even if you’re not a resident!). These lounges have games, comfy couches, study spaces, and more!

CU Active

Off-Campus:

Newport Beach (7 miles from campus)

Corona Del Mar Bonfire Pits (6 miles from campus)

University Town Center - has a Target, Trader Joe’s & tons of food options! (2 miles from campus)

Irvine Spectrum (6 miles from campus)

Back Bay Trail (5 miles from campus)

List of recommended churches in the area

Campus Resources

Concordia wants you to feel right at home and is ready to help you.  Here are some of our most popular resources to help you with a smoother transition:

Learn About & Sign Up for Clubs! Want to start your own? You absolutely can! 

Career Center

Wellness Center

Tutoring Center

Financial Aid Center

Campus Ministry

Handshake: platform for on-campus jobs

Events to Look Forward To

Transfer Student Mixers

Finals Study Skills Workshop

Time Management/Organization Workshops

Vision Board Workshop

Professional Development Workshops (LinkedIn, Resume Reviews, Interview Tips, Etc!) and More!

Frequently Asked Questions
‌
What are the transfer credit academic policies?

Read the details of our transfer policies HERE.

‌
What is CORE?

Q&I Core is comprised of classic liberal arts courses offered in small, innovative learning communities. Q&I Core courses are taken together in linked pairs: biology with theology, mathematics with philosophy, and history with literature. Q&I Core classes typically have just 25 students, giving you a close-knit learning community.

Concordia's Q&I Core classes are mostly taught by full-time professors. Interaction with the professors is not limited to the classroom setting either. You are encouraged to meet with your professors during office hours. In fact, Q&I Core class