https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/behavioral-sciences
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Behavioral Sciences Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Get Started
Behavioral Sciences Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Engage in a Life of Service to Your Community

The behavioral sciences attempt to explore the complex nature of the human experience and encounter the great questions of humanity: What does it mean to be human? Who am I? Who are they? What is the religious life of man? Why is there misery? What is the pursuit of the good life? How, then, shall we live?

In investigating these core questions, we discover how individuals think about and relate to themselves and others. The Behavioral Science Major at Concordia University Irvine utilizes the tools of anthropology, psychology, and sociology to create a foundation to investigate the dynamic between self and society; agency and structure; and nature and culture.

As a major in behavioral science, you are trained through research methods courses, practicum experiences, and a rigorous curriculum. Our graduates engage in lives of service to the community as psychologists, sociologists, anthropologists, lawyers, social workers, nurses, demographers, and policy analysts. Students who continue on to earn their graduate degree choose programs such as master’s in social work (MSW), marriage and family therapy (MFT), nursing, physical therapy, clinical psychology, counseling, law school, educational psychology, and seminary.

APPLY NOW

The behavioral science major offers you the opportunity to select an emphasis to serve others intelligently, ethically, and faithfully through your God-given vocations in society and in the church:

Anthropology
General
Psychology
Sociology
What Students Are Saying
Concordia University was pivotal in preparing me for graduate school, and my career. The professors took time to mentor students and were highly invested in the success of students. My coursework was rigorous and intellectually stimulating, and many of my courses have provided me with advanced skills that are invaluable for my career. My education at CUI was truly transformative.

Spencer Dunn ’10

Patient Care Supervisor, Center for Inherited Blood Disorders

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Behavioral Sciences major are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

We Cannot Save the World, but We Can Live Out Our Vocation

Isadora Sharon ‘15

After completing her degree at Concordia University Irvine, Isadora went on to Humboldt State University to obtain her MA in Applied Anthropology. During this time, she conducted an ethnographic study in Ifugao Philippines on the marginalization of farmworkers in popular tourist attractions and participated in archaeological excavations in Belize and the Philippines. Following her masters work, Isadora received a certificate in GIS (Geographic information systems).

READ STORY
Opportunities for Behavioral Science Majors

As a Behavioral Sciences major, you will graduate with the ability to examine the different components of socio-cultural and international diversity and illustrate how a Christian world-view interrelates with and complements the scientific study of human behavior.

Academic Opportunities

The Behavioral Science major collaborates with the Anthropology, Psychology, and Sociology majors when structuring courses and interdisciplinary research. In addition to selecting an emphasis, you also have the option of choosing a related minor. You may also be interested in transitioning to our graduate program in leadership or counseling.

Anthropology Minor
Behavioral Sciences Minor
Psychology Major
Psychology Minor
Sociology Minor
The Townsend Institute for Leadership and Counseling
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. You can also choose to broaden your understanding of culture and society through studying in another country, or global travel. Our students creatively and effectively apply behavioral science knowledge and skills to promote positive change in the community.

Around-the-World Semester®
Concordia Cares
Mission and Service Learning
President's Academic Showcase
Study Abroad
Internships

Every student pursuing a bachelor's degree in Behavioral Sciences is required to complete an internship before graduation. Concordia enjoys good working relationships with a large number of nonprofits and programs in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

ACES
Boys and Girls Club
Boy’s Town
Build Futures
California Youth Services (CYS)
Cent