Sociology Minor
The Townsend Institute for Leadership and Counseling
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. You can also choose to broaden your understanding of culture and society through studying in another country, or global travel. Our students creatively and effectively apply behavioral science knowledge and skills to promote positive change in the community.

Around-the-World Semester®
Concordia Cares
Mission and Service Learning
President's Academic Showcase
Study Abroad
Internships

Every student pursuing a bachelor's degree in Behavioral Sciences is required to complete an internship before graduation. Concordia enjoys good working relationships with a large number of nonprofits and programs in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

ACES
Boys and Girls Club
Boy’s Town
Build Futures
California Youth Services (CYS)
Center for Autism and Related Disorders (CARD)
CARES
Child Abuse Services Team (CAST)
The Child’s Learning Connection
Capstone

All Behavioral Science majors will participate in a capstone project and examine the core liberal arts questions that the behavioral sciences address. This course will serve as a summative experience for the students in the major.

Graduate Schools Attended
Biola Rosemead School of Psychology
Chapman University
UC Davis
UC Irvine
UCLA
University of Notre Dame
Curriculum

Behavioral Sciences is a broad major that incorporates the Sociology, Psychology, and Anthropology disciplines. The breadth of subject material allows you to move into a wide variety of occupations that benefit from a knowledge of the human experience. You can choose an emphasis that further explores one of the dimensions of the Behavioral Sciences, such as culture (Anthropology emphasis), the individual (Psychology emphasis), or society (Sociology emphasis).

Anthropology
General
Psychology
Sociology
SAMPLE CORE COURSES
ANT 364: Culture and Self
3

This course will explore the relationship between individual experiences and the socio-cultural context, focusing on the role socio-cultural institutions play on personality, health, and world view.


BSC 318: Linguistics
3

This course will study language as a fundamental component of human beings by examining the link between experience, culture, and language through the investigation of how language communicates, changes, and is used strategically to accomplish social ends.

PSY 403: Health Psychology
3

Unlike traditional models and schools of thought that see diseases solely as malfunctions of organs or breakdowns of body systems, this course will present the approach that health and illness are parts of a complex interplay among biological, psychological, and social factors.


SOC 320: Social Stratification
3

This course will introduce the sources, functions, and dynamics of the unequal distribution of wealth, power, knowledge, and prestige in an historical, comparative perspective.


BSC 492: Capstone: The Good Society
3

This course will examine the core liberal arts questions that the behavioral sciences attempt to address and will serve as a summative experience for the students in the major. Prerequisites: ANT 364, BSC 265, BSC 296, BSC 318, PSY 345, SOC 321.

Meet Your Professors

What makes our classes so unique is our intimate learning environment, coupled with a solid commitment by our faculty to the integration of faith and scholarship. Our professors are often described by students as knowledgeable, inspiring, respectful, and enjoyable.   

Dr. John Lu
Department Chair and Professor of Psychology

Dr. John Lu completed his doctorate at UC Irvine in Social Psychology with an emphasis in Health Psychology. His research interests are in the mind-body relationship where, most recently, he has been examining happiness and optimal performance. Dr. Lu teaches courses in Statistics, Cognition, Social Psychology, and Health Psychology. His greatest enjoyment in teaching is watching students grow academically and personally as they are challenged to foster their gifts.

Dr. Buddy Mendez
Professor of Psychology

Dr. Mendez has been a full-time Professor of Psychology at Concordia for the past 25 years. While at Concordia, he has also worked as a Clinical Psychologist with a private practice in Newport Beach. He graduated from Fuller Theological Seminary with an M.A. in Theology and a Ph.D. in Psychology. Dr. Mendez has published the book, “Ready, Set, Married: 12 Christian Character Traits for a Strong and Lasting Marriage.” He plans to publish his second book, “Surviving Your Child’s Adolescence” next fall.

Dr. Kristen Koenig
Professor of Sociology

Dr. Kristen Koenig completed her Master’s degree at Oxford University and her Doctorate of Philosophy at the University of York, England. Dr. Koenig joined the faculty at Concordia University Irvine in 2013 after teaching twelve years at C