https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/behavioral-sciences
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Behavioral Sciences Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Get Started
Behavioral Sciences Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Engage in a Life of Service to Your Community

The behavioral sciences attempt to explore the complex nature of the human experience and encounter the great questions of humanity: What does it mean to be human? Who am I? Who are they? What is the religious life of man? Why is there misery? What is the pursuit of the good life? How, then, shall we live?

In investigating these core questions, we discover how individuals think about and relate to themselves and others. The Behavioral Science Major at Concordia University Irvine utilizes the tools of anthropology, psychology, and sociology to create a foundation to investigate the dynamic between self and society; agency and structure; and nature and culture.

As a major in behavioral science, you are trained through research methods courses, practicum experiences, and a rigorous curriculum. Our graduates engage in lives of service to the community as psychologists, sociologists, anthropologists, lawyers, social workers, nurses, demographers, and policy analysts. Students who continue on to earn their graduate degree choose programs such as master’s in social work (MSW), marriage and family therapy (MFT), nursing, physical therapy, clinical psychology, counseling, law school, educational psychology, and seminary.

APPLY NOW

The behavioral science major offers you the opportunity to select an emphasis to serve others intelligently, ethically, and faithfully through your God-given vocations in society and in the church:

Anthropology
General
Psychology
Sociology
What Students Are Saying
Concordia University was pivotal in preparing me for graduate school, and my career. The professors took time to mentor students and were highly invested in the success of students. My coursework was rigorous and intellectually stimulating, and many of my courses have provided me with advanced skills that are invaluable for my career. My education at CUI was truly transformative.

Spencer Dunn ’10

Patient Care Supervisor, Center for Inherited Blood Disorders

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Behavioral Sciences major are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

We Cannot Save the World, but We Can Live Out Our Vocation

Isadora Sharon ‘15

After completing her degree at Concordia University Irvine, Isadora went on to Humboldt State University to obtain her MA in Applied Anthropology. During this time, she conducted an ethnographic study in Ifugao Philippines on the marginalization of farmworkers in popular tourist attractions and participated in archaeological excavations in Belize and the Philippines. Following her masters work, Isadora received a certificate in GIS (Geographic information systems).

READ STORY
Opportunities for Behavioral Science Majors

As a Behavioral Sciences major, you will graduate with the ability to examine the different components of socio-cultural and international diversity and illustrate how a Christian world-view interrelates with and complements the scientific study of human behavior.

Academic Opportunities

The Behavioral Science major collaborates with the Anthropology, Psychology, and Sociology majors when structuring courses and interdisciplinary research. In addition to selecting an emphasis, you also have the option of choosing a related minor. You may also be interested in transitioning to our graduate program in leadership or counseling.

Anthropology Minor
Behavioral Sciences Minor
Psychology Major
Psychology Minor
Sociology Minor
The Townsend Institute for Leadership and Counseling
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. You can also choose to broaden your understanding of culture and society through studying in another country, or global travel. Our students creatively and effectively apply behavioral science knowledge and skills to promote positive change in the community.

Around-the-World Semester®
Concordia Cares
Mission and Service Learning
President's Academic Showcase
Study Abroad
Internships

Every student pursuing a bachelor's degree in Behavioral Sciences is required to complete an internship before graduation. Concordia enjoys good working relationships with a large number of nonprofits and programs in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

ACES
Boys and Girls Club
Boy’s Town
Build Futures
California Youth Services (CYS)
Center for Autism and Related Disorders (CARD)
CARES
Child Abuse Services Team (CAST)
The Child’s Learning Connection
Capstone

All Behavioral Science majors will participate in a capstone project and examine the core liberal arts questions that the behavioral sciences address. This course will serve as a summative experience for the students in the major.

Graduate Schools Attended
Biola Rosemead School of Psychology
Chapman University
UC Davis
UC Irvine
UCLA
University of Notre Dame
Curriculum

Behavioral Sciences is a broad major that incorporates the Sociology, Psychology, and Anthropology disciplines. The breadth of subject material allows you to move into a wide variety of occupations that benefit from a knowledge of the human experience. You can choose an emphasis that further explores one of the dimensions of the Behavioral Sciences, such as culture (Anthropology emphasis), the individual (Psychology emphasis), or society (Sociology emphasis).

Anthropology
General
Psychology
Sociology
SAMPLE CORE COURSES
ANT 364: Culture and Self
3

This course will explore the relationship between individual experiences and the socio-cultural context, focusing on the role socio-cultural institutions play on personality, health, and world view.


BSC 318: Linguistics
3

This course will study language as a fundamental component of human beings by examining the link between experience, culture, and language through the investigation of how language communicates, changes, and is used strategically to accomplish social ends.

PSY 403: Health Psychology
3

Unlike traditional models and schools of thought that see diseases solely as malfunctions of organs or breakdowns of body systems, this course will present the approach that health and illness are parts of a complex interplay among biological, psychological, and social factors.


SOC 320: Social Stratification
3

This course will introduce the sources, functions, and dynamics of the unequal distribution of wealth, power, knowledge, and prestige in an historical, comparative perspective.


BSC 492: Capstone: The Good Society
3

This course will examine the core liberal arts questions that the behavioral sciences attempt to address and will serve as a summative experience for the students in the major. Prerequisites: ANT 364, BSC 265, BSC 296, BSC 318, PSY 345, SOC 321.

Meet Your Professors

What makes our classes so unique is our intimate learning environment, coupled with a solid commitment by our faculty to the integration of faith and scholarship. Our professors are often described by students as knowledgeable, inspiring, respectful, and enjoyable.   

Dr. John Lu
Department Chair and Professor of Psychology

Dr. John Lu completed his doctorate at UC Irvine in Social Psychology with an emphasis in Health Psychology. His research interests are in the mind-body relationship where, most recently, he has been examining happiness and optimal performance. Dr. Lu teaches courses in Statistics, Cognition, Social Psychology, and Health Psychology. His greatest enjoyment in teaching is watching students grow academically and personally as they are challenged to foster their gifts.

Dr. Buddy Mendez
Professor of Psychology

Dr. Mendez has been a full-time Professor of Psychology at Concordia for the past 25 years. While at Concordia, he has also worked as a Clinical Psychologist with a private practice in Newport Beach. He graduated from Fuller Theological Seminary with an M.A. in Theology and a Ph.D. in Psychology. Dr. Mendez has published the book, “Ready, Set, Married: 12 Christian Character Traits for a Strong and Lasting Marriage.” He plans to publish his second book, “Surviving Your Child’s Adolescence” next fall.

Dr. Kristen Koenig
Professor of Sociology

Dr. Kristen Koenig completed her Master’s degree at Oxford University and her Doctorate of Philosophy at the University of York, England. Dr. Koenig joined the faculty at Concordia University Irvine in 2013 after teaching twelve years at Concordia College – New York. Her expertise is in the area of globalization, but her true passion is encouraging students to adapt the sociological imagination to understanding the contemporary world around them. Dr. Koenig encourages students to critically analyze everyday life and enjoys presenting on a variety of salient topics.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For questions about the Behavioral Sciences major, contact:

John Lu
Department Chair and Professor of Psychology
john.lu@cui.edu
(949) 214-3328

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

