https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/apply/beta-transfer/preparing-to-transfer
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
PREPARING TO TRANSFER
Transfer Students

Concordia University Irvine welcomes transfer students who have earned approved academic units at an accredited post-secondary institution and a minimum college GPA of 2.3.

In addition to meeting admission requirements, transfer students are encouraged to complete as many General Education (GE) and major requirements as possible prior to transfer.

EXPLORE ?
General Education Prior to Transfer

Although the CUI GE requirement does not have to be completed prior to transfer, Concordia accepts the following General Education certifications to fulfill most of the university’s Q& I general education requirements:

Intersegmental General Education Transfer Curriculum (IGETC)
California State University (CSU) General Education Breadth requirements
Associate Degree for Transfer (ADT)
Oregon and Washington’s Direct Transfer Associate degree (DTA). Comparable transfer certifications from other states can be considered on a case-by-case basis.
Associate of Arts (AA) and the Associate of Science (AS) degrees that meet the CSU General Education Breadth requirements

Course requirements for the IGETC, CSU General Education Breadth, ADT, DTA, comparable transfer certifications, and the AA and AS degrees must be completed prior to matriculating to Concordia. Official certifications and degrees must be submitted upon completion of all required courses. Deadlines to submit verification or a petition for verification to Concordia are October 15 for the fall semester and March 15 for the spring semester of the academic year a student matriculates to Concordia. Upon verification, Concordia’s general education requirements are waived except for the required Enduring Questions & Ideas core courses and theology courses. See Undergraduate Transfer Credits for information.

The above certifications satisfy the General Education requirements at Concordia with the exception of the Enduring Questions & Ideas (Q&I) Core and Theology course requirements. See Enduring Questions & Ideas (Q&I) Core requirements for transfer students.

Other Considerations
120-semester units are required for graduation
30-semester units must be completed at Concordia University Irvine (18 of the last 24 units must be completed at Concordia University Irvine)
30-semester units of upper-division coursework are required for graduation of which 21 units must be completed at Concordia University Irvine
18 units in the student's major and 9 units in the minor must be completed at Concordia University Irvine
Graduation Requirements

A total of ninety (90) semester units are allowed for students, of which a maximum of seventy (70) semester units may be transferred from a regionally accredited community college. Within the 90, up to 15 semester units of (P)Pass, (CR)Credit, or (S)Satisfactory grades will be accepted if it is equivalent to C- or higher grade. Additionally, within the 90 and 70-semester units, only 30 non-accredited, credit by exam (AP, CLEP, DSST, IB), and/or military units may be transferred. Only courses with a grade of C- or higher will apply towards the student’s Q&I general education, major, minor, or elective credit. Courses with grades below a C- are not accepted in transfer.

Credit Evaluations

Are you wondering…
How will my credits transfer to CUI?
How long will it take to finish my degree?
What will my class standing be?

These are questions all transfers ask! CUI has worked to perfect a credit evaluation process just for you!

Steps to receiving your evaluation:

For additional information on this evaluation, contact your Admissions Counselor.

Be accepted to CUI for your desired start term
Submit ALL OFFICIAL college transcripts
Complete the Transfer Inquiry Form - your Admissions Counselor will send this to you once official transcripts have been received.
Receive your evaluation along with access to My Degree Works, which will provide a detailed view of all of your eligible transferable courses.
California Community College Transfer Articulation Agreements

CUI has articulation agreements with several California Community Colleges specifying how coursework taken at California Community Colleges will satisfy CUI major requirements.

VIEW ARTICULATION AGREEMENTS

Concordia University Irvine is an official partner of the Honors Transfer Counsel of California.

Request Info

Want to know more about Concordia University Irvine? Let one of our admissions counselors get in touch with you and answer any questions you might have.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
Address Line 1 
Address Line 2
City 
US State 
- Select State
AK
AL
AR
AS
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
GU
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MP
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
PR
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VI
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY
Zip Co