https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/student-leadership/clubs-and-organizations
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Student Leadership

ASCUI
LEAD
abbey west
PALs
RAs
Clubs and Organizations
Professional Staff
Applications
Related Links
CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE
Eagles Helping Eagles Fund supports student club activities.
Read story »
Join a Club!

There’s always a way to find your people and make connections. If you don’t see a club that interests you, start one!

Check out the Club & Organization Handbook for information about starting or leading a club at Concordia.
To initiate a request to start a new club, please complete the Proposal Packet.
Questions? Contact ascui.clubcommissioner@cui.edu.

WATCH THE CLUBS AND ORGANIZATIONS PLAYLIST

Sign Up

Tell us what clubs you're interested in, and our ASCUI Club Commissioner will connect you with the right people.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Comments
Club(s) / Organization(s) 
SEND NOW
Academic Clubs
‌
ASL CUI

President: Maddie Durkin
Faculty Advisor: Cari Chittick

ASL CUI seeks to educate undergraduate students about American Sign Language and the Deaf community, engage in active communication, and cultivate meaningful experiences and relationships between peers and the Deaf community.

SIGN UP

‌
Behavioral Science Club
Behavioral Science Club

President: Elliana Garrett
Faculty Advisor: Kristen Koenig

The Behavioral Science Club observes God’s creation through the lenses of psychology, sociology, and anthropology in order to better understand our fellow neighbor.

SIGN UP

‌
Lambda Pi Eta

President: Jenna Hoffman
Faculty Advisor: David Schulz

Lambda Pi Eta is the National Communication Association Honor Society

Lambda Pi Eta has six overarching goals:

Recognize, foster, and reward outstanding scholastic achievement in Communication Studies
Stimulate interest in the field of Communication
Promote and encourage professional development among Communication majors
Provide an opportunity to discuss and exchange ideas in the field of Communication
Establish and maintain closer relationships between faculty and students
Explore options for graduate education in Communication Studies

For eligibility into the honor society, students must complete at least 60 credit hours with 12 credit hours in communication studies courses. Students must also have a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 and a minimum communication studies GPA of 3.25.

SIGN UP

‌
Beta Beta Beta (TriBeta) Biological Honors Society
TriBeta Biological Honors Society

President: Payton Bouwhuis
Faculty Advisor: Dr. Sean Bignami

The purpose of Beta-Beta-Beta Biological Honor Society shall be to function as an honor and professional society for students of the biological sciences. Its activities shall be designed to stimulate interest, scholarly attainment, and investigation in the biological science, and to promote the dissemination of information and new interpretations among students of the life sciences.

Find out more about TriBeta Biological Honors Society.

SIGN UP

‌
COMM-unity
COMM-unity

President: Olivia Highstreet
Faculty Advisor: Dr. Erin Nelson

COMM-unity connects peers, faculty, and industry professionals to enhance communication skills through learning, service, and leadership.

SIGN UP

‌
Delta Sigma Pi

President: Christiana Patton
Faculty Advisor: Kit Nagel

Delta Sigma Pi is a professional fraternity in the School of Business and Economics organized to foster the study of business in universities; to encourage scholarship, social activity and the association of students for their mutual advancement by research and practice; to promote closer affiliation between the commercial world and students of commerce; and to further a higher standard of commercial ethics and culture, and the civic and commercial welfare of the community.

Rho Phi was founded April 21, 2012, and is part of Delta Sigma Pi, a world renowned co-ed Fraternity. Over the past 100 years Rho Phi has encouraged, supported, and shaped the professional goals and personal aspirations of thousands of members across the country. The fraternity seeks to shape young students into young professional men and women.

Find out more about Delta Sigma Pi Business Fraternity.

SIGN UP

‌
Enactus
Enactus

President: Michelle Lourenco
Faculty Advisor: Tammie Burkhart

Enactus is a worldwide organization of 1,730 universities and 72,000 students committed to helping less fortunate people in the developing world through entrepreneurship activities. The Concordia Enactus Club is eight students strong and growing.

Our club project is to support aspiring entrepreneurs in the Philippines and soon in Costa Rica. Our team analyzes aspirant’s business plans, provide microfinance loans to the final contenders, and coach the recipients of the loans. In May a group of our students travels to the Philippines to meet the aspiring entrepreneurs, teach new candidates and experience