https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/undergraduate-transfer-credits
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar

Registration & Classes 
Graduation
Academic Catalog
Student Records 
Academic Calendar
Forms 
Resources 
Contact Us
Traditional Undergraduate Transfer Credits
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR
Types of Transfer Credit Accepted by Concordia University 
Community College Articulation Agreements
Credit By Exam: AP, IB, CLEP, DSST


The following statements describe Concordia University’s transfer credit policies:

Concordia University will accept transfer units completed at undergraduate, degree granting, US institutions fully accredited by one of the regional accrediting bodies. Concordia will also accept units from international institutions that are formally recognized by their county's ministry of education (requires course by course transcript evaluation by NACES member agency).
Concordia accepts the following General Education certifications to fulfill most of the university’s Q& I general education requirements:  
Intersegmental General Education Transfer Curriculum (IGETC)
California State University (CSU) General Education Breadth requirements
Associate Degree for Transfer (ADT)
Oregon and Washington’s Direct Transfer Associate degree (DTA). Comparable transfer certifications from other states can be considered on a case by case basis.
Associate of Arts (AA) and the Associate of Science (AS) degrees that meet the CSU General Education Breadth requirements
Course requirements for the IGETC, CSU General Education Breadth, ADT, DTA, comparable transfer certifications and the AA and AS degrees must be completed prior to matriculating to Concordia. Official certifications and degrees must be submitted upon completion of all required courses. Deadlines to submit verification or a petition for verification to Concordia are October 15 for fall semester and March 15 for the spring semester of the academic year a student matriculates to Concordia. Upon verification, Concordia’s general education requirements are waived except for the required Enduring Questions & Ideas core courses and theology courses.
A total of ninety (90) semester units are allowed for students, of which a maximum of seventy (70) semester units may be transferred from a regionally accredited community college. Concordia will accept grades of C- or better.
Within the 90 and 70 semester units, only thirty (30) non-accredited, credit by exam (AP, CLEP, DSST, IB), and/or military credits may be transferred. Military credits are accepted for elective credit only unless approval is obtained by the appropriate department chair or dean. Non-accredited transfer courses are only accepted if taken before a student matriculates to Concordia and may be applied to GE requirements and electives if approved by the appropriate department chair or dean. To receive credit for AP, CLEP, DSST and IB, official scores must be submitted to the Office of the Registrar prior to the beginning of the student’s final semester.
Within the 90 semester units, up to fifteen (15) semester units of (P) Pass, (CR) Credit or (S) Satisfactory grades will be accepted if it is equivalent to C- or higher grade. Credit will not count in calculating a student’s incoming, cumulative or institutional GPA at Concordia.
Non-transferable courses (including developmental courses such a pre-college level math or writing, or vocational-training courses) as indicated by the institution’s course numbering and/or course description will not be accepted for transfer credit.
If a student has attempted a course more than once, only the most recent grade will be used for credit review. All other attempts will be considered “repeats” and will transfer no credit. Transfer courses will be identified as repeats if they meet the following criteria:
The same course (as identified by course title and number) is taken more than once at the same institution;
Two or more courses taken at different institutions are evaluated as meeting the same objectives.
Concordia has Transfer Articulation Agreements with several California Community Colleges specifying how coursework taken will transfer and satisfy Concordia Q&I general education, major, and minor requirements. All transfer credit that is taken at an institution not listed on the transfer articulation agreements are subject to review by the appropriate department chair or dean before transfer credit will be accepted to satisfy specific requirements. (Student Forms found in MyCUI (Tools / MyRegistrar).
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

