https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/veterans/transfers
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Veterans Resource Center
Getting Started
Transfers
Benefits 
Resources 
About 
Contact 
Support Our Veterans
Transfers
VETERANS RESOURCE CENTER
Transfer Made Easy

Transferring to Concordia University Irvine is an easy process! We waive the application fee for veterans and dependents using VA Educational Benefits.

Concordia University Irvine is not an impacted campus! We admit on a rolling basis and have staff dedicated solely to making sure your transfer process is easy. Once your application file for admission is complete, meaning that we have your application, official high school and all college transcripts, we will make a decision within days. Give us a call!

Veterans who are using the Ch. 33 Post 9/11 GI Bill®, have 36 months of active duty time, and qualify for the Yellow Ribbon Program, are eligible for unlimited scholarships at an unlimited dollar amount—meaning you can attend a private university and have your tuition and mandatory fees fully covered!

Transfer Requirements
128 semester units are required for graduation
32 semester units must be completed at Concordia University Irvine(18 of the last 24 must be completed at Concordia University Irvine)
33 semester units of upper-division coursework are required for graduation of which 21 units must be completed at Concordia University Irvine
18 units in the student's major and 9 units in the minor must be completed at Concordia University Irvine
A maximum of 70 semester units are accepted from a two-year accredited community college
A maximum of 96 semester units are accepted from a four-year accredited college/university
All major required courses must be completed with a grade of C or better
Up to 32 units of the Joint Service Transcript can be accepted. If you feel that one of your classes should be covered by your military experience please notify the Director of the Staff Sergeant Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center and they will help you fill out a Substitution Form to have the Program Director see if it can be approved.
Graduation Requirements

For a list of articulation agreements for local California Community Colleges please view Articulation Agreements.

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Transfer Requirements

Students who have enrolled and earned units at a postsecondary institution prior to entering Concordia University Irvine following high school graduation (except for students who attended college for the first time during the summer immediately prior to fall admission at Concordia University Irvine) are considered to be transfer students. Requirements for transfer to Concordia University Irvine are as follows:

Students who were eligible for admission as freshmen may transfer at any time with no minimum number of units and a minimum college GPA of 2.3.
Students who did not meet admission requirements as freshmen must earn a minimum of 24 semester units from a regionally accredited institution with a minimum college GPA of 2.3.
Richard Lewis
Veterans Resource Center Director

PHONE: (949) 214-3129
EMAIL: richard.lewis@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

