https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/veterans/va-military-benefits
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Veterans Resource Center
Getting Started
Transfers
Benefits 
Resources 
About 
Contact 
Support Our Veterans
VA & Military Benefits
VETERANS RESOURCE CENTER

In addition to our 10% tuition discount for all eligible programs, the Veterans Resource Center will make sure you're aware and taking advantage of the many tuition assistance programs available to active military members, veterans, and their families.

The Post-9/11 GI Bill® (Chapter 33)

Up to 36 months of education benefits

The Post-9/11 GI Bill® provides financial support for education and housing to individuals with at least 90 days of aggregate service on or after September 11, 2001, or individuals discharged with a service-connected disability after 30 days. This benefit provides up to 36 months of education benefits. Generally benefits are payable for 15 years following your release from active duty. The Post-9/11 GI Bill® also offers some service members the opportunity to transfer their GI Bill® to dependents. This program is also commonly known as Chapter 33. If you are eligible for 100% of the Post 9/11 GI Bill® you may also be eligible for the Yellow Ribbon Program to fully cover your cost of attendance at Concordia University Irvine.

More information on the Forever GI Bill® can be found on the VA Fact Sheet.

The Yellow Ribbon Program

Supplements the difference between tuition and fees and the amount given by the Post 9/11 GI Bill® for the yearly private school cap ($25,162.14 for the 2020-2021 VA fiscal year)

Concordia University Irvine is proud to participate in the Yellow Ribbon GI Education Enhancement Program and we have an unlimited number of scholarships at an unlimited dollar amount for those who qualify.

The Yellow Ribbon Program (YRP) supplements the difference between tuition and fees and the amount given by the Post 9/11 GI Bill® for the yearly private school cap ($24,476.79 for the 2019-2020 VA fiscal year). Any tuition/mandatory fees after the GI Bill® cap is split evenly between the VA and  Concordia University Irvine. Concordia University Irvine is committed to honoring all students who receive 100% benefit level of the Chapter 33-Post 9/11 GI Bill® so qualifying students will not need to pay for any mandatory tuition and fees while certified.

Download YRP Application

Benefits
Tuition and required fees covered 100%
Books and supplies allowance up to $1,000 per year (Ch 33 & FRY)
Housing allowance up to $3,206 per month (Ch 33, FRY and Ch 31)
No cap on contribution amount and unlimited number of participants
All majors/programs are eligible for Yellow Ribbon
Eligibility
Eligible for the maximum benefit (100%) rate under the Post-9/11 GI Bill®
Fully-discharged from the military: not on active duty, not a spouse transferee of an active duty member
Fully admitted and enrolled in a curriculum program of study
In good academic standing
Vocational Readiness and Employment (VR&E) Program (Chapter 31)

Comprehensive readiness evaluation and counseling to determine abilities, skills, and interests for education and employment. Post-secondary education training at a college, vocational, technical or business school is available.

Vocational Readiness and Employment (VR&E) is for Veterans with service-connected disabilities. VR&E offers comprehensive rehabilitation evaluation and counseling to determine abilities, skills and interests for education and employment. Post-secondary education training at a college, vocational, technical or business school is available. Interested applicants need to meet with a VA counselor to apply for Chapter 31 benefits or apply online. Once the VA has determined eligibility, they will send authorization (VA Form 22-1905) to the Veteran Resource Center to certify enrollment.

Survivors' And Dependents' Educational Assistance Program (DEA/Chapter 35)

Up to 45 months of education benefits

Dependents' Educational Assistance provides education and training opportunities to eligible dependents of certain veterans. The program offers up to 45 months of education benefits. It may be used for degree and certificate programs, apprenticeship, and on-the-job training. If you are a spouse, you may take a correspondence course. Remedial, deficiency, and refresher courses may be approved under certain circumstances.

More information on Ch 35

Marine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry Scholarship

Benefits to the children and surviving spouses of service members who died in the line of duty while on active duty after September 10, 2001.

The Marine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry Scholarship provides Post-9/11 GI Bill® benefits to the children and surviving spouses of service members who died in the line of duty while on active duty after September 10, 2001. Eligible beneficiaries attending school may receive up to 36 months of benefits at the 100