p to 45 months of education benefits

Dependents' Educational Assistance provides education and training opportunities to eligible dependents of certain veterans. The program offers up to 45 months of education benefits. It may be used for degree and certificate programs, apprenticeship, and on-the-job training. If you are a spouse, you may take a correspondence course. Remedial, deficiency, and refresher courses may be approved under certain circumstances.

More information on Ch 35

Marine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry Scholarship

Benefits to the children and surviving spouses of service members who died in the line of duty while on active duty after September 10, 2001.

The Marine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry Scholarship provides Post-9/11 GI Bill® benefits to the children and surviving spouses of service members who died in the line of duty while on active duty after September 10, 2001. Eligible beneficiaries attending school may receive up to 36 months of benefits at the 100% level. Benefits include:

Up to $25,162.14 per academic year toward mandatory tuition and fees (2021-2022 VA fiscal year). Fry recipients now qualify for the Yellow Ribbon Scholarship per the Forever GI Bill® change.
A monthly housing allowance
A books & supplies stipend

More information on the Fry Scholarship
How the Ch 33 Post 9/11 and Fry Scholarship works
How the Yellow Ribbon Program works

Montgomery GI Bill® - Selected Reserve (MGIB-SR/Chapter 1606)

Up to 36 months of education benefits for those in the selected reserve, which includes the Army Reserve, Navy Reserve, Air Force Reserve, Marine Corps Reserve and Coast Guard Reserve, and the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard.

The MGIB-SR program may be available to you if you are a member of the Selected Reserve. The Selected Reserve includes the Army Reserve, Navy Reserve, Air Force Reserve, Marine Corps Reserve and Coast Guard Reserve, and the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard. You may use this education assistance program for degree programs, certificate or correspondence courses, cooperative training, independent study programs, apprenticeship/on-the-job training, and vocational flight training programs. Eligibility for this program is determined by the Selected Reserve components. VA makes the payments for this program. You may be entitled to receive up to 36 months of education benefits. Your eligibility for the program normally ends on the day you leave the Selected Reserve.

Chapter 1606 Pamphlet

Reserve Educational Assistance Program (REAP/Chapter 1607)

Educational assistance to members of the Reserve components called or ordered to active duty in response to a war or national emergency (contingency operation) as declared by the President or Congress.

REAP was established as a part of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005. It is a Department of Defense education benefit program designed to provide educational assistance to members of the Reserve components called or ordered to active duty in response to a war or national emergency (contingency operation) as declared by the President or Congress. This program makes certain reservists who were activated for at least 90 days after September 11, 2001 either eligible for education benefits or eligible for increased benefits.

Chapter 1607 Pamphlet

California National Guard Education Assistance Award Program

Awards students serving in the California National Guard additional assistance.

The CNG EAAP program awards students serving in the California National Guard additional assistance. A participant’s award amount bridges the cost of attendance with any federal educational benefits to minimize the cost for the student. The award can amount up to the maximum allowed by the State’s Annual Budget Act.

CNG EAAP Information

 Concordia University Irvine Veterans Tuition Discount

Concordia University Irvine offers a 10% tuition discount within the Online Bachelor’s Degree, Graduate (includes certificates), and Nursing Programs for qualifying veterans, active duty, reserve, national guard AND their spouses upon request. To qualify you must submit a marriage license and/or DD-214.
Students receiving Concordia Faculty/Staff Waiver, Graduate Assistants, and Scholarship Athletes cannot combine with tuition discounts.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

