https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/veterans/va-military-benefits
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Veterans Resource Center
Getting Started
Transfers
Benefits 
Resources 
About 
Contact 
Support Our Veterans
VA & Military Benefits
VETERANS RESOURCE CENTER

In addition to our 10% tuition discount for all eligible programs, the Veterans Resource Center will make sure you're aware and taking advantage of the many tuition assistance programs available to active military members, veterans, and their families.

The Post-9/11 GI Bill® (Chapter 33)

Up to 36 months of education benefits

The Post-9/11 GI Bill® provides financial support for education and housing to individuals with at least 90 days of aggregate service on or after September 11, 2001, or individuals discharged with a service-connected disability after 30 days. This benefit provides up to 36 months of education benefits. Generally benefits are payable for 15 years following your release from active duty. The Post-9/11 GI Bill® also offers some service members the opportunity to transfer their GI Bill® to dependents. This program is also commonly known as Chapter 33. If you are eligible for 100% of the Post 9/11 GI Bill® you may also be eligible for the Yellow Ribbon Program to fully cover your cost of attendance at Concordia University Irvine.

More information on the Forever GI Bill® can be found on the VA Fact Sheet.

The Yellow Ribbon Program

Supplements the difference between tuition and fees and the amount given by the Post 9/11 GI Bill® for the yearly private school cap ($25,162.14 for the 2020-2021 VA fiscal year)

Concordia University Irvine is proud to participate in the Yellow Ribbon GI Education Enhancement Program and we have an unlimited number of scholarships at an unlimited dollar amount for those who qualify.

The Yellow Ribbon Program (YRP) supplements the difference between tuition and fees and the amount given by the Post 9/11 GI Bill® for the yearly private school cap ($24,476.79 for the 2019-2020 VA fiscal year). Any tuition/mandatory fees after the GI Bill® cap is split evenly between the VA and  Concordia University Irvine. Concordia University Irvine is committed to honoring all students who receive 100% benefit level of the Chapter 33-Post 9/11 GI Bill® so qualifying students will not need to pay for any mandatory tuition and fees while certified.

Download YRP Application

Benefits
Tuition and required fees covered 100%
Books and supplies allowance up to $1,000 per year (Ch 33 & FRY)
Housing allowance up to $3,206 per month (Ch 33, FRY and Ch 31)
No cap on contribution amount and unlimited number of participants
All majors/programs are eligible for Yellow Ribbon
Eligibility
Eligible for the maximum benefit (100%) rate under the Post-9/11 GI Bill®
Fully-discharged from the military: not on active duty, not a spouse transferee of an active duty member
Fully admitted and enrolled in a curriculum program of study
In good academic standing
Vocational Readiness and Employment (VR&E) Program (Chapter 31)

Comprehensive readiness evaluation and counseling to determine abilities, skills, and interests for education and employment. Post-secondary education training at a college, vocational, technical or business school is available.

Vocational Readiness and Employment (VR&E) is for Veterans with service-connected disabilities. VR&E offers comprehensive rehabilitation evaluation and counseling to determine abilities, skills and interests for education and employment. Post-secondary education training at a college, vocational, technical or business school is available. Interested applicants need to meet with a VA counselor to apply for Chapter 31 benefits or apply online. Once the VA has determined eligibility, they will send authorization (VA Form 22-1905) to the Veteran Resource Center to certify enrollment.

Survivors' And Dependents' Educational Assistance Program (DEA/Chapter 35)

Up to 45 months of education benefits

Dependents' Educational Assistance provides education and training opportunities to eligible dependents of certain veterans. The program offers up to 45 months of education benefits. It may be used for degree and certificate programs, apprenticeship, and on-the-job training. If you are a spouse, you may take a correspondence course. Remedial, deficiency, and refresher courses may be approved under certain circumstances.

More information on Ch 35

Marine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry Scholarship

Benefits to the children and surviving spouses of service members who died in the line of duty while on active duty after September 10, 2001.

The Marine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry Scholarship provides Post-9/11 GI Bill® benefits to the children and surviving spouses of service members who died in the line of duty while on active duty after September 10, 2001. Eligible beneficiaries attending school may receive up to 36 months of benefits at the 100% level. Benefits include:

Up to $25,162.14 per academic year toward mandatory tuition and fees (2021-2022 VA fiscal year). Fry recipients now qualify for the Yellow Ribbon Scholarship per the Forever GI Bill® change.
A monthly housing allowance
A books & supplies stipend

More information on the Fry Scholarship
How the Ch 33 Post 9/11 and Fry Scholarship works
How the Yellow Ribbon Program works

Montgomery GI Bill® - Selected Reserve (MGIB-SR/Chapter 1606)

Up to 36 months of education benefits for those in the selected reserve, which includes the Army Reserve, Navy Reserve, Air Force Reserve, Marine Corps Reserve and Coast Guard Reserve, and the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard.

The MGIB-SR program may be available to you if you are a member of the Selected Reserve. The Selected Reserve includes the Army Reserve, Navy Reserve, Air Force Reserve, Marine Corps Reserve and Coast Guard Reserve, and the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard. You may use this education assistance program for degree programs, certificate or correspondence courses, cooperative training, independent study programs, apprenticeship/on-the-job training, and vocational flight training programs. Eligibility for this program is determined by the Selected Reserve components. VA makes the payments for this program. You may be entitled to receive up to 36 months of education benefits. Your eligibility for the program normally ends on the day you leave the Selected Reserve.

Chapter 1606 Pamphlet

Reserve Educational Assistance Program (REAP/Chapter 1607)

Educational assistance to members of the Reserve components called or ordered to active duty in response to a war or national emergency (contingency operation) as declared by the President or Congress.

REAP was established as a part of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005. It is a Department of Defense education benefit program designed to provide educational assistance to members of the Reserve components called or ordered to active duty in response to a war or national emergency (contingency operation) as declared by the President or Congress. This program makes certain reservists who were activated for at least 90 days after September 11, 2001 either eligible for education benefits or eligible for increased benefits.

Chapter 1607 Pamphlet

California National Guard Education Assistance Award Program

Awards students serving in the California National Guard additional assistance.

The CNG EAAP program awards students serving in the California National Guard additional assistance. A participant’s award amount bridges the cost of attendance with any federal educational benefits to minimize the cost for the student. The award can amount up to the maximum allowed by the State’s Annual Budget Act.

CNG EAAP Information

 Concordia University Irvine Veterans Tuition Discount

Concordia University Irvine offers a 10% tuition discount within the Online Bachelor’s Degree, Graduate (includes certificates), and Nursing Programs for qualifying veterans, active duty, reserve, national guard AND their spouses upon request. To qualify you must submit a marriage license and/or DD-214.
Students receiving Concordia Faculty/Staff Waiver, Graduate Assistants, and Scholarship Athletes cannot combine with tuition discounts.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

