https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/anthropology
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Anthropology Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Anthropology Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
ANTHROPOLOGY MINOR
18 Units
ANT 364: Culture and Self
3

This course will explore the relationship between individual experiences and the socio-cultural context, focusing on the role socio-cultural institutions play on personality, health, and world view.


ANT 435: Religion in Society
3

This course will present a comparative examination of religion as an aspect of human culture and will include substantive and functional approaches to religious behavior, religion as a symbol system, ritual behavior, magic, religious movements, and paranormal phenomena. Prerequisite: ANT 210 or permission of instructor. Offered alternate years.


Choose 4 of the following courses:
ANT 241: Anthropology Field Methods for Travelers
3

Practical application of anthropological concepts designed to assist in analyzing, understanding, and living within other cultural traditions is the focus of this course and will include topics such as the role of culture, living with culture shock, strategies for analyzing cultures, processes of assimilation, language issues, cultural food ways, manners, and social expectations.


ANT 314: Native Peoples of North America
3

An anthropological overview of native North American societies from pre-Columbian times to the present will be the focus of this course, utilizing a culture area approach and including an emphasis on the native people of California. Cross listed with HST 314. Offered alternate years.


BSC 318: Linguistics
3

This course will study language as a fundamental component of human beings by examining the link between experience, culture, and language through the investigation of how language communicates, changes, and is used strategically to accomplish social ends.

HST 371: Islamic Civilization
3

This introductory course into the lands, peoples, and cultures of the Middle East from antiquity to modern times, will include the role of religion in shaping social and political institutions, and the influence of Islamic thought on the Arab world and conflicts in the contemporary Middle East. Offered alternate years.


MUS 451: Music Cultures of the World I
3

This course will introduce students to the study of music as a universal cultural phenomenon and the discipline of ethnomusicology with exposure to the musical and social aspects of folk, traditional, and art music of Latin America, Africa, India, North America, Southeast Asia, and contemporary mass media. Prerequisite: MUS 102 or MUS 111 or MUS 112 or MUS 201 or equivalent knowledge and experience in music strongly encouraged. Offered alternate years.


OR

MUS 452: Music Cultures of the World II
3

This course will introduce students to the study of music as a universal cultural phenomenon and the discipline of ethnomusicology with exposure to the musical and social aspects of folk, traditional, and art music of regions from Eastern Europe to Asia including the Middle East, Oceania, China, Japan, and Korea, as well as Mexico and the Caribbean. Prerequisite: MUS 102 or MUS 111 or MUS 112 or MUS 201, or equivalent knowledge; experience in music encouraged. Offered alternate years.


Note: Students who select the Anthropology minor are recommended to take ANT 210 in Enduring Questions & Ideas (GE).

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
V