https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/veterans/veterans-organization
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Veterans Resource Center
Getting Started
Transfers
Benefits 
Resources 
About 
Contact 
Support Our Veterans
Veterans Organization
VETERANS RESOURCE CENTER
Mission Statement
The goal of CUI Veterans Club is to promote a sense of community between traditional students, veterans and their families. In order to accomplish this, SVA will provide a place where members can socialize, network and assist each other as they work to achieve their educational and career goals.
Purpose

It can be difficult beginning any new chapter in our lives. We want our new members to understand that they have supporters that will always have their back. We will work through any difficulties they may encounter whether they be school-related or personal. We strive to maintain camaraderie and emphasize on the peer-mentorship we became accustomed to through our military experiences to:

Assist in the transition of Veterans into civilian university life.
Bridge the cultural gaps between Veterans, dependents, and non-military students.
Create networks for a diverse group of individuals to achieve career and educational goals.
Develop a loyal community that will always hold its members to a high academic and moral standard.
Encourage and support any members and non-members who may be struggling with any difficult phase in their lives.
Continue to honor America’s military traditions.
Requirements
Open to ANY student, faculty, or staff member.
Will not discriminate based on gender, race, religion, national origin, or disability.
Events
Movie Nights and Barbecues

These are informal events to just hang out, have fun, and network.

Philanthropy

The Veterans Club does a minimum of two philanthropic events each Academic year. Typically one in the Fall and one in the Spring Term. These range from beach cleanups to bone-marrow registry drives.

Veterans Day

Veterans Day was originally celebrated as Armistice Day to commemorate the signing of the Treaty of Versailles; ending World War 1. After World War 2 it became an American holiday to celebrate American Service Members past and present. Our intent is to spread awareness of this holiday by inviting all students to our annual Veterans Day events to be held the week prior to the holiday during normal school hours.

Memorial Day

Memorial Day was first observed in 1868 after the conclusion of the American Civil War. Its purpose is to honor all Americans that have passed away during armed conflicts. Our Memorial Day event will also specifically honor the two Concordia University Irvine Alumni that were killed in action. Since the holiday is typically after the Spring Term the annual Memorial Day event is held in March or April.

Get in Touch

For more information about the Veterans Club please contact us at veteransclub@cui.edu and/or 949-214-3124.

FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK

The CUI Veterans Club is a member of the Student Veterans of America (SVA).

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

