https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/veterans/rotc
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Veterans Resource Center
Getting Started
Transfers
Benefits 
Resources 
About 
Contact 
Support Our Veterans
ROTC
VETERANS RESOURCE CENTER
Army ROTC

Army ROTC in Orange County is offered through CSU Fullerton with an option to take Military Science Courses at UC Irvine, which is a few blocks from Concordia's main campus. Prospective ROTC students should apply through CSUF's ROTC online application linked below: 

http://hhd.fullerton.edu/militaryscience/apply/application.php

Air Force ROTC

Students at Concordia can apply for a contracted ROTC scholarship through Detachment 040 by applying at the following link: 

http://www.det040.com/apply-to-afrotc.html

Air Force ROTC classes and Leadership Laboratories are taken at Loyola Marymount University on Tuesdays, so travel is limited to once a week. If a student is interested in Air Force ROTC and needs transportation to attend classes, please contact the Director of the SSG Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center to make arrangements. 

Marine Corps ROTC

Although the US Marine Corps does not offer ROTC at this campus, students that are interested in becoming Marine Corps officers still have an option. The Platoon Leaders Course is designed for freshman, sophomore, and juniors seeking to earn a commission in the Marine Corps. For more information, please contact the Marine Corps Recruiting Station Orange to speak with Capt. Grayson Wright (Officer Selection Officer) at 714-500-0947 or email at grayson.wright@marines.usmc.mil. Additional information is also available at www.marines.com.

Naval ROTC is currently not available at Concordia University.

If you are interested in pursuing ROTC, OCS or any other direct commissioning programs please contact the Veterans Resource Center Manager at 949-214-3129 or at veterans@cui.edu so that we can navigate you through the process.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

