https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/veterans/forms
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Veterans Resource Center
Getting Started
Transfers
Benefits 
Resources 
About 
Contact 
Support Our Veterans
Forms
VETERANS RESOURCE CENTER
Request to Use VA & Military Benefits

All prospective students using VA & Military Benefits must submit this form. This provides us with the necessary information to verify your GI Bill® benefits and make sure everything is on track for your start date.

DOWNLOAD FORM

Yellow Ribbon Scholarship Application

All students that meet the VA requirements to receive the Yellow Ribbon Scholarship will receive it as we have unlimited scholarships at the unlimited dollar amount. The reason we have an application is because 1) prospective students wanted to receive an acceptance letter knowing that they are guaranteed to receive the benefit and, 2) and we wanted to explain what happens when a dependent using the benefit runs out of entitlement.

DOWNLOAD FORM

VA Form 22-1995

All chapter 30, 1606, and 33 students who change majors, minors, concentrations or move from one program to another must fill out this form and submit it to the VRC. We cannot certify your attendance if your current major does not reflect what we have on file. When we certify you we must state that we have a 1995 in your VA file. Please omit the banking information as we do not need to know that.

DOWNLOAD FORM

VA Form 22-5495

All chapter 35 or Fry recipients students who change majors, minors, concentrations or move from one program to another must fill out this form and submit it to the VRC. We cannot certify your attendance if your current major does not reflect what we have on file. When we certify you we must state that we have a 5495 in your VA file. Please omit the banking information as we do not need to know that.

DOWNLOAD FORM

Parent Letter Request

The VA will only cover one program at a time. If you decide to take classes concurrently or during the summer at another school please submit a Parent Letter so that the VA will cover the courses. Most online bachelor students or traditional bachelor students taking summer courses do this. This allows Chapter 33 Post 9/11 GI Bill® students to be full-time at Concordia but take the residential face to face course at a local community college so that they receive the full residential BAH rate. Please submit the following Parent Letter Request Form before you register for the class at the other school. This form allows our Registrar to sign off on the class to meet your degree requirement. Only once this happens, are we allowed to send off the Parent Letter, so that you can receive your benefits.

DOWNLOAD FORM

Request to Certify

All VA & Military Benefit recipients must submit this online form for every term that they wish the VRC to certify their attendance with the VA. This allows us to update your address and phone number with the VA to make sure that you receive your new Certificate of Eligibility that notifies you of your remaining days of eligibility, tells you what the VA paid to the school and other important information. We will not certify your attendance without receiving this online form.

OPEN FORM

Ch 31 VR&E Informational Guide

Ch 31 Vocational Readiness & Employment has gone through many major changes in 2020. Due to these, please look over this Informational Guide to help you navigate your application process with Concordia so that you can stay on top of the process with your VA Counselor. As always, if you have any questions please contact the Director of the VRC at veterans@cui.edu and at 949-214-3129

DOWNLOAD FORM

All forms must be emailed to veterans@cui.edu. Please print forms, fill out, sign and scan and email back to us.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

