g on campus will still need to create a payment plan with our BURSAR to cover their room and board, since their BAH is sent directly to the student and not the institution.

(e) (1) (B) Students that provide a VA Form 22-1905 (with a date range covering their current term) from their Chapter 31 VR&E counselor and students that we can verify their Chapter 33 Post 9/11 entitlement with the VA will not be imposed penalties, including the assessment of late fees, the denial of access to classes, libraries, or other institutional facilities, or the requirement that a covered individual borrow additional funds, on any covered individual because of the individual's inability to meet his or her financial obligations to the institution due to the delayed disbursement of a payment to be provided by the Secretary under chapter 31 or 33 of this title. Upon certification of the student’s attendance on VA Once, the School Certifying Official will remove the BURSAR Hold in our database and replace it with a VA Hold that notifies the BURSAR that we are expecting VA monies to arrive. The VA Hold will allow students to add and drop classes and acts as a place holder for the VA monies.

All students that wish to have Concordia University Irvine certify their attendance to the VA under any GI Bill ® must complete the Certification Request Form.

(e)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter, beginning on August 1, 2019, a State approving agency, or the Secretary when acting in the role of the State approving agency, shall disapprove a course of education provided by an educational institution that has in effect a policy that is inconsistent with any of the following:

(A) A policy that permits any covered individual to attend or participate in the course of education during the period beginning on the date on which the individual provides to the educational institution a certificate of eligibility for entitlement to educational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of this title and ending on the earlier of the following dates:
(i) The date on which the Secretary provides payment for such course of education to such institution.
(ii) The date that is 90 days after the date on which the educational institution certifies for tuition and fees following receipt from the student such certificate of eligibility.
(B) A policy that ensures that the educational institution will not impose any penalty, including the assessment of late fees, the denial of access to classes, libraries, or other institutional facilities, or the requirement that a covered individual borrow additional funds, on any covered individual because of the individual's inability to meet his or her financial obligations to the institution due to the delayed disbursement of a payment to be provided by the Secretary under chapter 31 or 33 of this title.

(2) For purposes of this subsection, a covered individual is any individual who is entitled to educational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of this title.

(3) The Secretary may waive such requirements of paragraph (1) as the Secretary considers appropriate.

(4) It shall not be inconsistent with a policy described in paragraph (1) for an educational institution to require a covered individual to take the following additional actions:

(A) Submit a certificate of eligibility for entitlement to educational assistance not later than the first day of a course of education for which the individual has indicated the individual wishes to use the individual's entitlement to educational assistance.
(B) Submit a written request to use such entitlement.
(C) Provide additional information necessary to the proper certification of enrollment by the educational institution.
Military/Veteran Credit Policies

A total of ninety (90) semester units are allowed for transfer students, of which a maximum of seventy (70) semester units may be transferred from a regionally accredited community college. CUI will accept grades of C- or better.

Within the 90 and 70 semester units, only 30 non-accredited, credit by exam (AP, CLEP, DSST, IB (https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/index/id/21994/)), and/or military units may be transferred.
Military credits are accepted for elective credit only unless approval is obtained by the appropriate department chair or dean.
To receive credit for AP, CLEP, DSST, and IB, official scores must be submitted to the Office of the Registrar prior to the beginning of the student's final semester.
Within the 90 semester units, up to 15 units of P (Pass), S(Satisfactory), or CR (Credit) grades will be accepted and applied towards any degree requirement. The P, S, or CR grade must be equivalent to a C- or higher grade. Credit will not count in calculating a student's incoming, cumulative or institutional GPA at CUI.
An exception to this is that CUI will accept all courses that the transfer student took in Spring 2020 and Summer 2020 with P, S, or CR grade. These courses will count for any degree require