https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/veterans/policies
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Veterans Resource Center
Getting Started
Transfers
Benefits 
Resources 
About 
Contact 
Support Our Veterans
Policies
VETERANS RESOURCE CENTER
CUI Students Called to Active Duty or Receipt of Deployment Orders in the Military Services of the United States:
Seeking withdrawal, Refund of Payments, and Readmission

This section describes the way in which students in the following scenarios may seek tuition relief, refund of payments, and readmission. (1) Active Duty students that receive deployment orders, (2) Students in the Reserves and National Guard that are called to active duty during a time of state/national emergency or deployment, and to include (3) the spouse, of the above, with a dependent child. In these situations, sudden withdrawal or prolonged absence from Concordia University Irvine may occur.

We request that you notify both the Director of the SSG Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center (veterans@cui.edu and 949-214-3129) and your Program Advisor immediately when you first hear news of possibly being activated. Once you receive your official Activation Orders, please send a copy of them to the above individuals. The Director of the SSG Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center will call the Veterans Task Force together to have them come up with the best solution for your situation.

The Veterans Task Force sitting members include: Director of the SSG Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center, Registrar, Director of Advising, Dean of Students, Director of Financial Aid, BURSAR, Provost, and other faculty and staff members that can offer pertinent information on behalf of the student.

Since no situation will be the same, the Veterans Task Force will come up with a solution that is in the best interest of the student. Based on the when you are Called to Active Duty or Deployment during the semester or term, the following may be options on how we work with you.

Withdraw from the student's entire registration and receive full refund of tuition and mandatory fees.
Make arrangements with the student's instructors for course grades, or for incompletes that shall be completed by the student at a later date. If such arrangements are made, the student's registration shall remain intact and tuition and mandatory fees shall be assessed for the courses in full.
Make arrangements with only some of the student's instructors for grades, or for incompletes that shall be completed by the student at a later date. If such arrangements are made, the registration for those courses shall remain intact and tuition and mandatory fees shall be assessed for those courses. Any course for which arrangements cannot be made for grades or incompletes shall be considered dropped and the tuition and mandatory fees for the course refunded.
Readmission: Reenrollment after your release from Active Duty or Deployment is handled through either Undergraduate or Graduate Admissions. Your readmit application fee will be waived. The Director of the SSG Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center will be your liaison to help you through this process so you can continue your academic program.
Compliance with Veterans Benefits and Transition Act of 2018, section 2679e

At Concordia University Irvine:

(e) (1) (A) Any student utilizing either the Chapter 31 Vocational Rehabilitation & Employment GI Bill ® or the Chapter 33 Post 9/11 GI Bill ® are covered under this law at Concordia University Irvine. Specifically, students that provide a VA Form 22-1905 (with a date range covering their current term) from their Chapter 31 VR&E counselor and students that we can verify their Chapter 33 Post 9/11 entitlement with the VA are covered under this law. These students will be permitted to attend and participate in the course of education while we wait for the tuition and fees to arrive from the VA. Students living on campus will still need to create a payment plan with our BURSAR to cover their room and board, since their BAH is sent directly to the student and not the institution.

(e) (1) (B) Students that provide a VA Form 22-1905 (with a date range covering their current term) from their Chapter 31 VR&E counselor and students that we can verify their Chapter 33 Post 9/11 entitlement with the VA will not be imposed penalties, including the assessment of late fees, the denial of access to classes, libraries, or other institutional facilities, or the requirement that a covered individual borrow additional funds, on any covered individual because of the individual's inability to meet his or her financial obligations to the institution due to the delayed disbursement of a payment to be provided by the Secretary under chapter 31 or 33 of this title. Upon certification of the student’s attendance on VA Once, the School Certifying Official will remove the BURSAR Hold in our database and replace it with a VA Hold that notifies the BURSAR that we are expecting VA monies to arrive. The VA Hold will allow students to add and drop classes and acts as a place holder for the VA monies.

All students that wish to have Concordia University Irvine certify their attendance to the VA under any GI Bill ® must complete the Certification Request Form.

(e)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter, beginning on August 1, 2019, a State approving agency, or the Secretary when acting in the role of the State approving agency, shall disapprove a course of education provided by an educational institution that has in effect a policy that is inconsistent with any of the following:

(A) A policy that permits any covered individual to attend or participate in the course of education during the period beginning on the date on which the individual provides to the educational institution a certificate of eligibility for entitlement to educational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of this title and ending on the earlier of the following dates:
(i) The date on which the Secretary provides payment for such course of education to such institution.
(ii) The date that is 90 days after the date on which the educational institution certifies for tuition and fees following receipt from the student such certificate of eligibility.
(B) A policy that ensures that the educational institution will not impose any penalty, including the assessment of late fees, the denial of access to classes, libraries, or other institutional facilities, or the requirement that a covered individual borrow additional funds, on any covered individual because of the individual's inability to meet his or her financial obligations to the institution due to the delayed disbursement of a payment to be provided by the Secretary under chapter 31 or 33 of this title.

(2) For purposes of this subsection, a covered individual is any individual who is entitled to educational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of this title.

(3) The Secretary may waive such requirements of paragraph (1) as the Secretary considers appropriate.

(4) It shall not be inconsistent with a policy described in paragraph (1) for an educational institution to require a covered individual to take the following additional actions:

(A) Submit a certificate of eligibility for entitlement to educational assistance not later than the first day of a course of education for which the individual has indicated the individual wishes to use the individual's entitlement to educational assistance.
(B) Submit a written request to use such entitlement.
(C) Provide additional information necessary to the proper certification of enrollment by the educational institution.
Military/Veteran Credit Policies

A total of ninety (90) semester units are allowed for transfer students, of which a maximum of seventy (70) semester units may be transferred from a regionally accredited community college. CUI will accept grades of C- or better.

Within the 90 and 70 semester units, only 30 non-accredited, credit by exam (AP, CLEP, DSST, IB (https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/index/id/21994/)), and/or military units may be transferred.
Military credits are accepted for elective credit only unless approval is obtained by the appropriate department chair or dean.
To receive credit for AP, CLEP, DSST, and IB, official scores must be submitted to the Office of the Registrar prior to the beginning of the student's final semester.
Within the 90 semester units, up to 15 units of P (Pass), S(Satisfactory), or CR (Credit) grades will be accepted and applied towards any degree requirement. The P, S, or CR grade must be equivalent to a C- or higher grade. Credit will not count in calculating a student's incoming, cumulative or institutional GPA at CUI.
An exception to this is that CUI will accept all courses that the transfer student took in Spring 2020 and Summer 2020 with P, S, or CR grade. These courses will count for any degree requirement as currently articulated.

Please work with the Director of the SSG Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center.
949-214-3129
veterans@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

