https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/veterans/policies
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Veterans Resource Center
Getting Started
Transfers
Benefits 
Resources 
About 
Contact 
Support Our Veterans
Policies
VETERANS RESOURCE CENTER
CUI Students Called to Active Duty or Receipt of Deployment Orders in the Military Services of the United States:
Seeking withdrawal, Refund of Payments, and Readmission

This section describes the way in which students in the following scenarios may seek tuition relief, refund of payments, and readmission. (1) Active Duty students that receive deployment orders, (2) Students in the Reserves and National Guard that are called to active duty during a time of state/national emergency or deployment, and to include (3) the spouse, of the above, with a dependent child. In these situations, sudden withdrawal or prolonged absence from Concordia University Irvine may occur.

We request that you notify both the Director of the SSG Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center (veterans@cui.edu and 949-214-3129) and your Program Advisor immediately when you first hear news of possibly being activated. Once you receive your official Activation Orders, please send a copy of them to the above individuals. The Director of the SSG Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center will call the Veterans Task Force together to have them come up with the best solution for your situation.

The Veterans Task Force sitting members include: Director of the SSG Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center, Registrar, Director of Advising, Dean of Students, Director of Financial Aid, BURSAR, Provost, and other faculty and staff members that can offer pertinent information on behalf of the student.

Since no situation will be the same, the Veterans Task Force will come up with a solution that is in the best interest of the student. Based on the when you are Called to Active Duty or Deployment during the semester or term, the following may be options on how we work with you.

Withdraw from the student's entire registration and receive full refund of tuition and mandatory fees.
Make arrangements with the student's instructors for course grades, or for incompletes that shall be completed by the student at a later date. If such arrangements are made, the student's registration shall remain intact and tuition and mandatory fees shall be assessed for the courses in full.
Make arrangements with only some of the student's instructors for grades, or for incompletes that shall be completed by the student at a later date. If such arrangements are made, the registration for those courses shall remain intact and tuition and mandatory fees shall be assessed for those courses. Any course for which arrangements cannot be made for grades or incompletes shall be considered dropped and the tuition and mandatory fees for the course refunded.
Readmission: Reenrollment after your release from Active Duty or Deployment is handled through either Undergraduate or Graduate Admissions. Your readmit application fee will be waived. The Director of the SSG Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center will be your liaison to help you through this process so you can continue your academic program.
Compliance with Veterans Benefits and Transition Act of 2018, section 2679e

At Concordia University Irvine:

(e) (1) (A) Any student utilizing either the Chapter 31 Vocational Rehabilitation & Employment GI Bill ® or the Chapter 33 Post 9/11 GI Bill ® are covered under this law at Concordia University Irvine. Specifically, students that provide a VA Form 22-1905 (with a date range covering their current term) from their Chapter 31 VR&E counselor and students that we can verify their Chapter 33 Post 9/11 entitlement with the VA are covered under this law. These students will be permitted to attend and participate in the course of education while we wait for the tuition and fees to arrive from the VA. Students living on campus will still need to create a payment plan with our BURSAR to cover their room and board, since their BAH is sent directly to the student and not the institution.

(e) (1) (B) Students that provide a VA Form 22-1905 (with a date range covering their current term) from their Chapter 31 VR&E counselor and students that we can verify their Chapter 33 Post 9/11 entitlement with the VA will not be imposed penalties, including the assessment of late fees, the denial of access to classes, libraries, or other institutional facilities, or the requirement that a covered individual borrow additional funds, on any covered individual because of the individual's inability to meet his or her financial obligations to the institution due to the delayed disbursement of a payment to be provided by the Secretary under chapter 31 or 33 of this title. Upon certification of the student’s attendance on VA Once, the School Certifying Official will remove the BURSAR Hold in our database and replace it