https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/art
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Art Major
Emphases 
Minors 
Faculty
Scholarship
Get Started
Art Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Pursue Your Callings in Art

Acquire and hone artistic skills in an encouraging environment where ideas and the students themselves are respected and valued. Producing art that is purposeful, students explore the collaboration of art and faith through content that reflects their spiritual growth in relation to their study of art. This major develops students into skillful artists and prepares them for employment and leadership in the arts within a distinctly Christian environment.

APPLY NOW

Gaining skills in drawing, design, color theory, and art history, you can choose from 2 areas of specialization to focus your art degree:

Graphic Design
Studio Art

As an art major at Concordia, you will find a place where artists can hone their craft while also taking advantage of the time and opportunity to explore artistic interests and experiment with new techniques. The Art Department seeks to provide a well-rounded experience that molds students into confident artists and caring individuals while they work toward a successful career.

DEVELOPING WISE, HONORABLE, AND CULTIVATED CITIZENS

What Students Are Saying
Concordia University and its staff not only imparted unto me the skills necessary to create the art that I've always found intriguing, but they also installed in me a confidence that I never knew I had.

Lauren Tucci '07

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s School of Arts are pursuing their passion and creating work in a variety of professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Cake-Maker Extraordinaire

Lindsey Sinatra '07
Founder, A Wish and a Whisk

From a bright and airy bakery in Orange County, Concordia University Irvine alum Lindsey Sinatra ’07 has become one of the premiere cake-makers in California thanks to a defining moment with Concordia University Irvine professor Niclas Krüger.

READ STORY
Every Object Tells a Story

David Dargatz '14

Since he was a young boy, David Dargatz has been mesmerized by design and the thought that is put into creating a work of art.

READ STORY
Humans of Concordia

Our students are many things - athletes, scientists, historians, and missionaries. These real students at Concordia University Irvine are expanding their skill set by complimenting their major with the arts. Discover how they're planning to leverage their creativity.

MEET STUDENTS

Where Our Alumni Are Working
A Wish and A Whisk
ABAN (A Ban Against Neglect)
Concordia University Irvine
Crean Lutheran High School
Eat Sleep Play
Orange County School of the Arts
Orange Lutheran High School
Moviemiento de Arte y Cultura Latino Americano
Walt Disney Animation Studios
Opportunities For Art Majors

We view the Concordia University Irvine Art Department as an integral asset to Concordia’s distinctly Christian liberal arts education. We offer students a rich artistic environment where they grow intellectually and spiritually as visual artists.

Academic Opportunities

As an Art major, you will be exposed to a variety of artistic opportunities including visiting artist lectures; practicum opportunities; design internships; exhibition opportunities; and the chance for your work to appear in student publications. The John and Linda Friend permanent art collection occupies space in Grimm Hall and includes more than 40 art pieces worth $265,000, including a Rembrandt and a Salvador Dali. Art majors display their work in student exhibitions, held at the end of each semester.

Around-the-World Semester
Art Minor
Graphic Design Major
Study Abroad
Extracurricular Activities

The Art Major offers several opportunities to share your art with others at Concordia. Special projects can be created throughout the art curriculum that explore faith, diversity and multicultural themes.

The Aerie Magazine
John and Linda Friend Art Gallery
President's Academic Showcase
Student Art Show
Internships

Our goal is to guide students toward their vocation by developing their performance abilities, creativity, leadership and collaboration skills, critical thinking, and contextualization of art forms. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

Alpha Studio Inc.
Disney Interactive Studios
Honda R&D
Mercedes Benz USA
Moviemiento de Arte y Cultura Latino Americano
Surfing Magazine
Graduate Schools Attended
Academy of Art University, San Francisco
Laguna College of Art and Design
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville
University of Arizona
University of North Carolina Chapel Hill
University of Utah
Scholarships

The Art Department at Concordia University Irvine offers scholarship opportunities to students who