t with others at Concordia. Special projects can be created throughout the art curriculum that explore faith, diversity and multicultural themes.

The Aerie Magazine
John and Linda Friend Art Gallery
President's Academic Showcase
Student Art Show
Internships

Our goal is to guide students toward their vocation by developing their performance abilities, creativity, leadership and collaboration skills, critical thinking, and contextualization of art forms. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

Alpha Studio Inc.
Disney Interactive Studios
Honda R&D
Mercedes Benz USA
Moviemiento de Arte y Cultura Latino Americano
Surfing Magazine
Graduate Schools Attended
Academy of Art University, San Francisco
Laguna College of Art and Design
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville
University of Arizona
University of North Carolina Chapel Hill
University of Utah
Scholarships

The Art Department at Concordia University Irvine offers scholarship opportunities to students who show strong promise in studio art and graphic design.

LEARN MORE

Curriculum

At Concordia, makers and artists will be equipped to pursue a vocational path in the visual arts. Building on your core skills as an artist, you will practice drawing, design, and color theory while growing your knowledge of art history - forming a solid foundation for pursuing your individual passion. You can choose one of two emphases as your concentration.

Graphic Design
Studio Art
ART MAJOR SAMPLE COURSES
ART 321: Painting I
3

This studio art course will introduce students to the basic approaches of oil and acrylic painting, painting techniques, form, content, visual appreciation, and personal expression through lectures, demonstrations, slide presentations, studio painting, out-of-class painting, sketching, and critiques. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: ART 201. This class is offered every fall semester.


ART 351: Printmaking I
3

This course will provide an introduction to printmaking media with an emphasis on experimentation through techniques such as the monoprint, relief, and silkscreen. Prerequisites: ART 200 and ART 201 or consent of the instructor. Lab fee is required. This class is offered alternate years in the fall semester.


ART 311: Art History I
3

This is a survey course of Western art from the Prehistoric Period through the Renaissance, employing illustrated lectures, independent research, museum visits, and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.


ART 331: Sculpture I
3

This course will introduce students to the concepts, materials, and methods of sculpture as creative ideas are developed in wood, clay, plaster, found objects, and cardboard. Principles and use of equipment, material sources, and safety factors will be addressed. A lab fee is required. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.


Meet Your Professors

Concordia’s Art instructors instill creativity and integrity into the courses they teach and encourage students to take ownership and pride in their personal work. Our faculty model and promote a lifestyle of aesthetic awareness and practice.

Rachel Soo
Visual Arts Department Chair

Professor Soo is Co-Chair of the Art Department at Concordia University Irvine. She teaches digital image manipulation, digital illustration, digital publishing, typography, and graphic design classes. Utilizing both traditional and digital media, she creates artwork which investigates issues of identity and culture. She explores self-discovery by examining memories, perceptions and personal relationships. Professor Soo earned her BFA in Commercial Art from Concordia University in Nebraska, and an MFA in Integrated Visual Art from Iowa State University, Ames. Soo lives in Irvine with her husband and two sons.

Sara Fletcher
Associate Professor of Visual Arts

Sara Fletcher is an artist who works toward finding connections between art and faith, and art and other disciplines, and she is pleased to join the Concordia community. She has been teaching art and art history in the Midwest, and is an exhibiting artist who had a 2019 one person show at Prince Street Gallery in New York, NY. She also illustrated the children’s book Blue Lake Days by Sarah Shey.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

ART FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Art major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Rachel Soo
Visual Arts Department Chair
rachel.soo@cui.edu
(949) 214-3289

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend