https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/art
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Art Major
Emphases 
Minors 
Faculty
Scholarship
Get Started
Art Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Pursue Your Callings in Art

Acquire and hone artistic skills in an encouraging environment where ideas and the students themselves are respected and valued. Producing art that is purposeful, students explore the collaboration of art and faith through content that reflects their spiritual growth in relation to their study of art. This major develops students into skillful artists and prepares them for employment and leadership in the arts within a distinctly Christian environment.

APPLY NOW

Gaining skills in drawing, design, color theory, and art history, you can choose from 2 areas of specialization to focus your art degree:

Graphic Design
Studio Art

As an art major at Concordia, you will find a place where artists can hone their craft while also taking advantage of the time and opportunity to explore artistic interests and experiment with new techniques. The Art Department seeks to provide a well-rounded experience that molds students into confident artists and caring individuals while they work toward a successful career.

DEVELOPING WISE, HONORABLE, AND CULTIVATED CITIZENS

What Students Are Saying
Concordia University and its staff not only imparted unto me the skills necessary to create the art that I've always found intriguing, but they also installed in me a confidence that I never knew I had.

Lauren Tucci '07

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s School of Arts are pursuing their passion and creating work in a variety of professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Cake-Maker Extraordinaire

Lindsey Sinatra '07
Founder, A Wish and a Whisk

From a bright and airy bakery in Orange County, Concordia University Irvine alum Lindsey Sinatra ’07 has become one of the premiere cake-makers in California thanks to a defining moment with Concordia University Irvine professor Niclas Krüger.

READ STORY
Every Object Tells a Story

David Dargatz '14

Since he was a young boy, David Dargatz has been mesmerized by design and the thought that is put into creating a work of art.

READ STORY
Humans of Concordia

Our students are many things - athletes, scientists, historians, and missionaries. These real students at Concordia University Irvine are expanding their skill set by complimenting their major with the arts. Discover how they're planning to leverage their creativity.

MEET STUDENTS

Where Our Alumni Are Working
A Wish and A Whisk
ABAN (A Ban Against Neglect)
Concordia University Irvine
Crean Lutheran High School
Eat Sleep Play
Orange County School of the Arts
Orange Lutheran High School
Moviemiento de Arte y Cultura Latino Americano
Walt Disney Animation Studios
Opportunities For Art Majors

We view the Concordia University Irvine Art Department as an integral asset to Concordia’s distinctly Christian liberal arts education. We offer students a rich artistic environment where they grow intellectually and spiritually as visual artists.

Academic Opportunities

As an Art major, you will be exposed to a variety of artistic opportunities including visiting artist lectures; practicum opportunities; design internships; exhibition opportunities; and the chance for your work to appear in student publications. The John and Linda Friend permanent art collection occupies space in Grimm Hall and includes more than 40 art pieces worth $265,000, including a Rembrandt and a Salvador Dali. Art majors display their work in student exhibitions, held at the end of each semester.

Around-the-World Semester
Art Minor
Graphic Design Major
Study Abroad
Extracurricular Activities

The Art Major offers several opportunities to share your art with others at Concordia. Special projects can be created throughout the art curriculum that explore faith, diversity and multicultural themes.

The Aerie Magazine
John and Linda Friend Art Gallery
President's Academic Showcase
Student Art Show
Internships

Our goal is to guide students toward their vocation by developing their performance abilities, creativity, leadership and collaboration skills, critical thinking, and contextualization of art forms. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

Alpha Studio Inc.
Disney Interactive Studios
Honda R&D
Mercedes Benz USA
Moviemiento de Arte y Cultura Latino Americano
Surfing Magazine
Graduate Schools Attended
Academy of Art University, San Francisco
Laguna College of Art and Design
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville
University of Arizona
University of North Carolina Chapel Hill
University of Utah
Scholarships

The Art Department at Concordia University Irvine offers scholarship opportunities to students who show strong promise in studio art and graphic design.

LEARN MORE

Curriculum

At Concordia, makers and artists will be equipped to pursue a vocational path in the visual arts. Building on your core skills as an artist, you will practice drawing, design, and color theory while growing your knowledge of art history - forming a solid foundation for pursuing your individual passion. You can choose one of two emphases as your concentration.

Graphic Design
Studio Art
ART MAJOR SAMPLE COURSES
ART 321: Painting I
3

This studio art course will introduce students to the basic approaches of oil and acrylic painting, painting techniques, form, content, visual appreciation, and personal expression through lectures, demonstrations, slide presentations, studio painting, out-of-class painting, sketching, and critiques. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: ART 201. This class is offered every fall semester.


ART 351: Printmaking I
3

This course will provide an introduction to printmaking media with an emphasis on experimentation through techniques such as the monoprint, relief, and silkscreen. Prerequisites: ART 200 and ART 201 or consent of the instructor. Lab fee is required. This class is offered alternate years in the fall semester.


ART 311: Art History I
3

This is a survey course of Western art from the Prehistoric Period through the Renaissance, employing illustrated lectures, independent research, museum visits, and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.


ART 331: Sculpture I
3

This course will introduce students to the concepts, materials, and methods of sculpture as creative ideas are developed in wood, clay, plaster, found objects, and cardboard. Principles and use of equipment, material sources, and safety factors will be addressed. A lab fee is required. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.


Meet Your Professors

Concordia’s Art instructors instill creativity and integrity into the courses they teach and encourage students to take ownership and pride in their personal work. Our faculty model and promote a lifestyle of aesthetic awareness and practice.

Rachel Soo
Visual Arts Department Chair

Professor Soo is Co-Chair of the Art Department at Concordia University Irvine. She teaches digital image manipulation, digital illustration, digital publishing, typography, and graphic design classes. Utilizing both traditional and digital media, she creates artwork which investigates issues of identity and culture. She explores self-discovery by examining memories, perceptions and personal relationships. Professor Soo earned her BFA in Commercial Art from Concordia University in Nebraska, and an MFA in Integrated Visual Art from Iowa State University, Ames. Soo lives in Irvine with her husband and two sons.

Sara Fletcher
Associate Professor of Visual Arts

Sara Fletcher is an artist who works toward finding connections between art and faith, and art and other disciplines, and she is pleased to join the Concordia community. She has been teaching art and art history in the Midwest, and is an exhibiting artist who had a 2019 one person show at Prince Street Gallery in New York, NY. She also illustrated the children’s book Blue Lake Days by Sarah Shey.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

ART FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Art major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Rachel Soo
Visual Arts Department Chair
rachel.soo@cui.edu
(949) 214-3289

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

