https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/heritage/what-we-believe
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

About Concordia

Our Heritage
Our Community
Our Campus
Related Links
Connect with Us
What We Believe
OUR HERITAGE
What We Believe and Confess

At Concordia University, we believe that the Bible is the inspired, inerrant Word of God, and we subscribe to the 3 Ecumenical Creeds (Apostle's, Nicene, and Athanasian), as well as the Lutheran Confessions as accurate statements regarding the truth of God's Word.

We believe in the one true God, who has revealed Himself as Father, Son, and Spirit. We believe that humankind, created perfectly, went against God's will and brought sin into the world. Since then, all people have inherited that sin and are born sinful. We believe that people cannot save themselves by their good works. We believe that in order to save us, God sent His Son into the world. Jesus is both a true God and true man. He lived to fulfill God's Law for us, died on the cross to pay the penalty that our sins deserved, and rose from the dead so that we might have eternal life. He ascended into heaven and will come again to take all believers to Himself. We believe that because of Jesus' death, God declares a person righteous and forgiven.

All those who believe in Jesus as Savior will be saved. We believe that this faith in Jesus is a gift of God, given by the power of the Holy Spirit.

We believe that God uses His Word and the Sacraments of Baptism and the Lord's Supper to apply His grace and forgiveness to us. Our worship, therefore, centers around these things.

Read more about what we believe and how it is applied at Concordia University.

Concordia is a university of The Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod and one of nine colleges and universities of the Concordia University System.

IRVINE SPECTRUM® and SPECTRUM™ are trademarks of Irvine Management Company used with permission.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

