https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/heritage/grace-alone-faith-alone
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

About Concordia

Our Heritage
Our Community
Our Campus
Related Links
Connect with Us
Grace Alone. Faith Alone.
OUR HERITAGE
Grace Alone. Faith Alone.
Grace Alone. Faith Alone.

God’s Word says that we are saved by grace through faith in Christ Jesus and not by our own efforts or works (Ephesians 2:8-9). Grace Alone. Faith Alone.

Grace alone means that God loves, forgives, and saves us not because of who we are or what we do, but because of the work of Christ. Our best efforts can never be good enough to earn salvation, but God declares us righteous for Christ’s sake. We receive that grace through faith alone. God even gives us the faith that trusts him. We are not saved by obeying a list of do’s and don’ts, but by grace through faith in Christ. Our salvation is in God’s hands. That’s Good News: the Gospel.

Our response to God’s grace is a cornerstone of our life together as a Christian academic community. Free from sin (not free to sin!) we are invited to live out our faith with thankful hearts, eager to share the Gospel with others.

We want our community to be involved – and there is plenty to involve you. Chapel and Bible studies, mission and witness, and conversations with faculty and staff all give expression to faith. We conduct local, regional, and international mission and service projects. You won’t be forced to do these things, but you will be invited. Once you’ve seen the impact you can make on the world by sharing your faith and kindness, you’ll be hooked.

At Concordia, you can grow and your relationship with God can blossom in ways you’ve never dreamed.

This is experienced in a committed Christian academic community. All of our faculty and staff are Christians. They join students in worship, discipleship, service, and exploring the interaction of faith and learning. Your faith can be expressed in all of these things. That’s living God’s grace alone through faith alone.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

