 same time, by our own acts and nature, we are sinners in constant need of His grace. In this life, we live as saints and sinners each day (Romans 7:14-25).

The Means of Grace

We believe that God has promised to bless us as we use the means of grace in faith and according to His institution. We believe that the Gospel is the power of God to salvation, (Romans 1:17) that Baptism gives us His forgiveness and incorporates us into His family (Romans 6:3-8), and that He feeds us with Christ’s body and blood for our forgiveness in the Lord’s Supper (Matthew 26:26-28).

The Christian Life

We believe that the Christian life is a life of faith and a response of thanksgiving and gratitude to God. The child of God seeks to grow in faith and in service to others. Yet Christianity is not a matter of behavior but of faith. This faith results in changed behavior but is not defined by this response.

The Great Commission

We believe that Christ has commissioned His people to make disciples of all nations. We believe that all Christians are called to share their faith with others (Matthew 28:18-20).

Vocation

We believe that God equips people with talents and abilities. Any occupation or interest that is not opposed to God’s Word can be an act of service to Him. While God calls some into vocations of ministry in the church, we believe that God is also pleased when His people live out other vocations to His glory (1 Corinthians 10:31).

Part 2: Application of this Biblical Faith
Acceptance of this Faith

This faith is proclaimed and lived at Concordia University. Full-time faculty share this confession and have declared their agreement with it. Our staff and adjunct faculty promise that their work will be done in a manner that is consistent with this faith. Staff and students come from a variety of theological traditions. They may share in this confession or continue in their own profession of faith as we live and work together.

Engagement with the Bible

In our interactions with students and colleagues, we seek to apply this biblical faith along with our academic and professional disciplines. In a variety of ways, our campus community encounters God’s Word (for example, in chapel, Bible studies, personal interactions, and in the ministry of the campus pastor). We believe that the Holy Spirit works through the Gospel to transform the hearts and lives of all who hear and believe its message.

Acceptance is not Forced

We believe that the Holy Spirit works faith through the Gospel. We maintain that this response of faith cannot be coerced or legislated. Students are introduced to the content and application of this faith and are invited to hear and respond to the Gospel, but a faith response is not demanded of students. All are to be treated with respect and dignity.

“Secular” Disciplines

We maintain that the pursuit of knowledge and understanding in a variety of academic fields is a valid Christian vocation. It is legitimate for Christians to study and teach subjects that are not directly concerned with the Holy Scriptures.

We maintain that serving God in the various vocations that He has given us means that we will strive for excellence in all that we do.

We maintain that human knowledge has limits but God’s knowledge is limitless. This may result in challenges and paradoxes in our understanding. Particularly in such times, Christian scholars rely on the Word of God even as they work to understand their discipline.

We maintain that it is legitimate to explore and learn about viewpoints, issues, and expressions that are non-biblical and even antagonistic to biblical faith. Such exploration is necessary if we want to comprehend this world, expand our knowledge, and understand our own position. We believe that Christians should understand various viewpoints as they really are and not distort them. At the same time, we believe that Christians should articulate a response to challenges to the Gospel.

The Two Kingdoms

We believe that Christians are subject to God’s Word and also to secular authority. On this basis, we maintain that our relationships on and off-campus may be guided by the Scriptures in some situations (for example, in chapel, Bible study, or spiritual counsel) and by laws and regulations in other relationships (for example, in residence hall rules or policies on alcohol use). As we are a community of human beings, we maintain that rules and regulations of conduct are necessary for harmonious and orderly living together. These rules, though necessary, are not to be equated with the Gospel. Compliance with rules is not a sign that an individual is a Christian. Rather, these rules are applications of God’s desire for order in our world.

Service

We believe that God calls His redeemed children to lives of love and service towards others. We maintain that as we use our gifts and abilities in all aspects of our lives, we fulfill His call for us to be the light of the world.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visi