https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/education/servant-leadership-institute
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Servant Leadership Institute

Academies
Leadership Symposia
Director
Leadership Bureau
Perfecting the Practice Blog
Contact 
SERVANT LEADERSHIP INSTITUTE
School of Education
Educator Leadership Academy
 

Concordia University’s Servant Leadership Institute is sponsoring five days of professional development for teams of educators from 20 schools across the nation to acquire insights on how to become exemplary leaders of character with specific skills to create positive school cultures where students thrive.

LEARN MORE

 
High School Leadership Academy
 

Concordia University’s High School Leadership Academy is a unique week-long college campus experience that provides comprehensive servant leadership and character development for rising 10-12 grade students.

LEARN MORE

Developing Servant Leaders
"I am among you as the one who serves." (Luke 22:27)

Concordia University Irvine’s Servant Leadership Institute is committed to equipping individuals with effective servant leadership characteristics and skills and lending support as they strive to maximize their positive impact on others.

Servant leadership works. Organizations and teams led by servant leaders thrive. Empowering others motivates the pursuit of new heights of excellence. The humble nature of servant leaders is charismatic and cherished by followers.

Servant leadership had its origins thousands of years ago through the example of Christ. Jesus, the perfect leader, frequently uttered and modeled service during his life.

… let the greatest among you become as the youngest, and the leader as one who serves. For which is the greater, one who sits at table, or one who serves? But I am among you as one who serves.

Luke 22:26-27

Previous Bible Verse
Next Bible Verse
Essential Virtues of a Servant Leader
Humility
Compassion
Honesty
Courage
Fundamental Skills utilized by a Servant Leader
Creates a Vision
Builds Relationships
Empowers Others
Motivates Excellence

The Servant Leadership Institute, through the generous financial support of the Kern Family Foundation, will provide the following initiatives to students and external constituents:

Educator Leadership Academy
High School Leadership Academy
Servant Leadership Symposia
Perfecting the Practice of Effective Leadership Blog
Leadership Coach Bureau
Speakers Bureau
Perfecting the Practice of Effective Leadership
Learn what’s working and share ideas

Something amazing happens when a teacher feels prepared and supported in the classroom. You can guide classroom learning through new material with confidence. Disruptions are waylaid by using tried and tested classroom management skills. Shared resources lighten your workload and the work you need to do becomes the work you love to do.

Educator Leadership Academy A Huge Success
ARTICLE
Servant Leadership - A Perspective
ARTICLE
Education to Nurture the Heart and Mind
ARTICLE
Attitude Adjustment by the Hour
ARTICLE
‌
Previous Perfecting the Practice Blog Post
‌
Next Perfecting the Practice Blog Post

VIEW BLOG

Contact Us

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
(949) 214-3256
kent.schlichtemeier@cui.edu

Kathy Mueller
Assistant Director of Events and Partnerships
(949) 214-3336
kathy.mueller@cui.edu

Lori Doyle
Assistant Director Servant Leadership Institute
(602) 540-7149
lori.doyle@cui.edu

Supported by a generous grant from
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

