https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Liberal-Studies
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Studies
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Faculty
Get Started
Liberal Studies Major
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Pursue a Rewarding Career in Teaching

Teaching is an incredibly rewarding career, and teachers are needed in high demand across the country. As a teacher, you will have the opportunity to shepherd children as they develop their ability to think, problem-solve, and interact with peers.

Concordia’s Elementary Subject Matter Preparation Program will prepare you to teach elementary school children by giving you a broad foundation in a variety of subject areas. Our small class sizes allow School of Education students to complete their B.A. and California Credential in as few as four years.

Ready to Apply?
APPLY HERE
What Students Are Saying

Here’s what graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Liberal Studies major are saying.

All of the teachers and staff members have been excellent mentors to me and have encouraged me as I begin my career. I have enjoyed watching and learning from these master teachers.

Alyssa Vossler '15

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Student and Alumni Success

Concordia graduates have earned the reputation of being the top candidates for any elementary teaching position. At Concordia’s Elementary Subject Matter Preparation Program, students gain both breadth and depth in multiple subject areas.

Molding Young Minds

Nathan Stevens '15

Nathan Stevens had always desired to become an educator so that he could one day lead and mold young minds in the classroom.

READ STORY
The Path to Teach

Alyssa Vossler '15

Alyssa Vossler longed to be a teacher since she was five years old. She had a Kindergarten teacher who had such an impact on her that, from then on, she never thought twice about what she wanted to be when she grew up.

READ STORY
Opportunities For Liberal Studies Majors

Curiosity is one of the greatest intellectual virtues a university student can possess. Preparing to teach elementary school requires a love of learning and a well-rounded education in many different subjects. More importantly, to instill a love for learning in their future pupils, students at Concordia have the opportunity to explore their own love for learning through these experiences offered outside the classroom setting.

Academic Opportunities

As a liberal studies major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, double major, or a pre-professional program. Many of our students choose to earn their CA credential while they earn their undergraduate degree. Because our class sizes and enrollment are not impacted, you can finish both the Liberal Studies major and the CA credential in just over four years.

Elementary Education Program
Global Cultural Studies Minor
Secondary Education Program
Lutheran Teaching Ministry Program
Master of Arts in Education: Curriculum and Instruction
Master of Arts in Education: Educational Technology
Master of Arts in Education: Educational Administration
Doctor of Education (Ed. D.) in Educational Leadership
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. In addition, our liberal studies students are encouraged to study abroad.

Around-the-World Semester®
Mission and Service Learning
Study Abroad
Village of Hope
Curriculum

Building on a well-rounded foundation of core courses, you can choose from 13 areas of specialization to focus your liberal studies degree.

Art
Child Development
Christ College - LCMS Lutheran Teaching Candidates
English
General Science
Global Cultural Studies
History
Life Science
Mathematics
Music
Physical Education
Study Abroad
Theatre
LIBERAL STUDIES SAMPLE COURSES
CPHI 101: Introduction to Philosophy
3

This course will explore the study and practice of rational inquiry into fundamental questions about human wisdom, action, and creativity through the study of the traditions of Western philosophy through classic texts. Co-requisite: CMTH 101; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CPHI 101 as an unlinked course.


ENG 391: Children's Literature
3

As a survey of the history of children's literature, this course will examine a wide variety of children's books and related media and strategies for use in the preschool and elementary classroom. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.


HST 478: History of California
3

The history of California from earliest times to the present with an emphasis on its Hispanic heritage will be the focus of this course.


SCI 301: Earth Science
3

This is an introductory course to the position, motion, and properties of the solar system and cosmos including a survey of spatial concepts of the earth