PHI 101: Introduction to Philosophy
3

This course will explore the study and practice of rational inquiry into fundamental questions about human wisdom, action, and creativity through the study of the traditions of Western philosophy through classic texts. Co-requisite: CMTH 101; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CPHI 101 as an unlinked course.


ENG 391: Children's Literature
3

As a survey of the history of children's literature, this course will examine a wide variety of children's books and related media and strategies for use in the preschool and elementary classroom. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.


HST 478: History of California
3

The history of California from earliest times to the present with an emphasis on its Hispanic heritage will be the focus of this course.


SCI 301: Earth Science
3

This is an introductory course to the position, motion, and properties of the solar system and cosmos including a survey of spatial concepts of the earth's crust, materials, structure, and the effects on the land forms, soil, vegetation, and natural resources. An overview of the atmosphere, its composition, and the processes that makes the earth's surface so dynamic will be included. Prerequisites: (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115).


PSY 313: Developmental Psychology: Childhood
3

The development of physiological and psychological aspects of human growth will be traced from birth through childhood in this course through an examination of the theories and research evidence as well as methodological problems as they relate to the growth process. Prerequisite: Sophomore standing or above.


MUS 461: Music for Children
3

This course will enable students to identify, understand, and work with the music capabilities of children. The three (3)-unit course is required for music education and liberal studies majors and others interested in developing school music curricula and/or other special skills and projects. The two (2)-unit course is available to others primarily interested in preparing musical activities and cultivating classroom teaching skills. Basic music reading ability and musical experience recommended.


EDUC 101: Introduction to Teaching Careers I
1

This introductory course to the field of education and the professional career of the teacher will include the following topics: characteristics of today's learners and of effective teachers and schools; California teacher credentialing procedures; and the university's teacher education program. Fifteen (15) hours of community service in a school or other educational organization serving children are required. Students must arrange their own transportation to the school or educational organization.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the Liberal Studies major have a wide variety of educational and professional backgrounds. These full-time faculty lend their expertise to liberal studies courses.

Rebecca Stanton
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Programs and Senior Director of Teacher Credential Programs

Dr. Rebecca Stanton has been teaching in the School of Education at Concordia since 2005, specializing in secondary teaching methods, classroom management, and differentiated instruction. As a university supervisor of student teachers and as a parent volunteer, she has spent innumerable hours in K-12 classrooms. Her sons' special needs have inspired her interest in how the brain learns and how to set up positive, inclusive learning environments. She presents on various teaching strategies at local, regional, and national conferences.

Michael Schulteis
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Program

Dr. Michael Schulteis has been a full-time faculty member in the School of Education since 2003, specializing in science and math education, teaching instructional methods, classroom management and research methods courses, and supervising graduate research projects. His educational research has focused on evolution education in parochial schools.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

LIBERAL STUDIES FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Resources

Learn more about Concordia's School of Education from the undergraduate education student handbook.

VIEW HANDBOOK

Get In Touch

For more information about the Liberal Studies major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Rebecca Stanton
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Program
rebecca.stanton@cui.edu
949-214-3345

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Atte