https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Liberal-Studies
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Studies
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Faculty
Get Started
Liberal Studies Major
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Pursue a Rewarding Career in Teaching

Teaching is an incredibly rewarding career, and teachers are needed in high demand across the country. As a teacher, you will have the opportunity to shepherd children as they develop their ability to think, problem-solve, and interact with peers.

Concordia’s Elementary Subject Matter Preparation Program will prepare you to teach elementary school children by giving you a broad foundation in a variety of subject areas. Our small class sizes allow School of Education students to complete their B.A. and California Credential in as few as four years.

Ready to Apply?
APPLY HERE
What Students Are Saying

Here’s what graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Liberal Studies major are saying.

All of the teachers and staff members have been excellent mentors to me and have encouraged me as I begin my career. I have enjoyed watching and learning from these master teachers.

Alyssa Vossler '15

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Student and Alumni Success

Concordia graduates have earned the reputation of being the top candidates for any elementary teaching position. At Concordia’s Elementary Subject Matter Preparation Program, students gain both breadth and depth in multiple subject areas.

Molding Young Minds

Nathan Stevens '15

Nathan Stevens had always desired to become an educator so that he could one day lead and mold young minds in the classroom.

READ STORY
The Path to Teach

Alyssa Vossler '15

Alyssa Vossler longed to be a teacher since she was five years old. She had a Kindergarten teacher who had such an impact on her that, from then on, she never thought twice about what she wanted to be when she grew up.

READ STORY
Opportunities For Liberal Studies Majors

Curiosity is one of the greatest intellectual virtues a university student can possess. Preparing to teach elementary school requires a love of learning and a well-rounded education in many different subjects. More importantly, to instill a love for learning in their future pupils, students at Concordia have the opportunity to explore their own love for learning through these experiences offered outside the classroom setting.

Academic Opportunities

As a liberal studies major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, double major, or a pre-professional program. Many of our students choose to earn their CA credential while they earn their undergraduate degree. Because our class sizes and enrollment are not impacted, you can finish both the Liberal Studies major and the CA credential in just over four years.

Elementary Education Program
Global Cultural Studies Minor
Secondary Education Program
Lutheran Teaching Ministry Program
Master of Arts in Education: Curriculum and Instruction
Master of Arts in Education: Educational Technology
Master of Arts in Education: Educational Administration
Doctor of Education (Ed. D.) in Educational Leadership
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. In addition, our liberal studies students are encouraged to study abroad.

Around-the-World Semester®
Mission and Service Learning
Study Abroad
Village of Hope
Curriculum

Building on a well-rounded foundation of core courses, you can choose from 13 areas of specialization to focus your liberal studies degree.

Art
Child Development
Christ College - LCMS Lutheran Teaching Candidates
English
General Science
Global Cultural Studies
History
Life Science
Mathematics
Music
Physical Education
Study Abroad
Theatre
LIBERAL STUDIES SAMPLE COURSES
CPHI 101: Introduction to Philosophy
3

This course will explore the study and practice of rational inquiry into fundamental questions about human wisdom, action, and creativity through the study of the traditions of Western philosophy through classic texts. Co-requisite: CMTH 101; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CPHI 101 as an unlinked course.


ENG 391: Children's Literature
3

As a survey of the history of children's literature, this course will examine a wide variety of children's books and related media and strategies for use in the preschool and elementary classroom. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.


HST 478: History of California
3

The history of California from earliest times to the present with an emphasis on its Hispanic heritage will be the focus of this course.


SCI 301: Earth Science
3

This is an introductory course to the position, motion, and properties of the solar system and cosmos including a survey of spatial concepts of the earth's crust, materials, structure, and the effects on the land forms, soil, vegetation, and natural resources. An overview of the atmosphere, its composition, and the processes that makes the earth's surface so dynamic will be included. Prerequisites: (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115).


PSY 313: Developmental Psychology: Childhood
3

The development of physiological and psychological aspects of human growth will be traced from birth through childhood in this course through an examination of the theories and research evidence as well as methodological problems as they relate to the growth process. Prerequisite: Sophomore standing or above.


MUS 461: Music for Children
3

This course will enable students to identify, understand, and work with the music capabilities of children. The three (3)-unit course is required for music education and liberal studies majors and others interested in developing school music curricula and/or other special skills and projects. The two (2)-unit course is available to others primarily interested in preparing musical activities and cultivating classroom teaching skills. Basic music reading ability and musical experience recommended.


EDUC 101: Introduction to Teaching Careers I
1

This introductory course to the field of education and the professional career of the teacher will include the following topics: characteristics of today's learners and of effective teachers and schools; California teacher credentialing procedures; and the university's teacher education program. Fifteen (15) hours of community service in a school or other educational organization serving children are required. Students must arrange their own transportation to the school or educational organization.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the Liberal Studies major have a wide variety of educational and professional backgrounds. These full-time faculty lend their expertise to liberal studies courses.

Rebecca Stanton
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Programs and Senior Director of Teacher Credential Programs

Dr. Rebecca Stanton has been teaching in the School of Education at Concordia since 2005, specializing in secondary teaching methods, classroom management, and differentiated instruction. As a university supervisor of student teachers and as a parent volunteer, she has spent innumerable hours in K-12 classrooms. Her sons' special needs have inspired her interest in how the brain learns and how to set up positive, inclusive learning environments. She presents on various teaching strategies at local, regional, and national conferences.

Michael Schulteis
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Program

Dr. Michael Schulteis has been a full-time faculty member in the School of Education since 2003, specializing in science and math education, teaching instructional methods, classroom management and research methods courses, and supervising graduate research projects. His educational research has focused on evolution education in parochial schools.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

LIBERAL STUDIES FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Resources

Learn more about Concordia's School of Education from the undergraduate education student handbook.

VIEW HANDBOOK

Get In Touch

For more information about the Liberal Studies major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Rebecca Stanton
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Program
rebecca.stanton@cui.edu
949-214-3345

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

