https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/diversity
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
 
INCLUSION. DIVERSITY. EQUITY. ACCESS.
   
Mutual Respect: A Concordia Value

“Be devoted to one another in love. Honor one another above yourself.” Romans 12:10

"Mutual Respect" is one of the core values of Concordia University. At Concordia we respect the rights, dignity and worth of all people, acknowledging that people of every race, tribe and nation have been created by God and redeemed by Jesus Christ to live in harmony with one another.

We attempt to live out that core value by welcoming our student body and supporting students from a wide variety of cultures, socioeconomic backgrounds and religious traditions, and with differing degrees of physical and emotional abilities and needs.

We believe that a student body made up of students who represent a variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives strengthens our campus community and provides a rich environment for dialogue, debate and learning. In such a rich educational environment, students learn what they have in common and what unites them, as well as learn what makes them unique individuals who bring differing perspectives to bear on their interactions with one another and with their professors.

Our Lutheran tradition fosters an environment of inclusiveness for all. Concordia is for anyone who believes they have been called by Christ, as well as for those who may be uncertain about their faith or curious about our view of God. We honor others by including them, sharing with them the Gospel, and allowing them the freedom to interpret and come to their own conclusions.

At Concordia Irvine we are dedicated not only to teaching certain subjects, but to shaping a coherent and comprehensive view of the world, of humanity, and of the God who created and redeemed both. It is this faithfulness to this mission which makes Concordia graduates wise, honorable and cultivated citizens. They become citizens who are respectful of all people, prepared to serve God’s world and proclaim God’s word.

Title IX Resources
Title IX: Sexual Misconduct and Resources
Office for Civil Rights
California Office for Civil Rights, San Francisco Office
U.S. Department of Education
50 Beale Street, Suite 7200
San Francisco, CA 94105-1813
Telephone: (415) 486-5555
Facsimile: (415) 486-5570
Email: OCR.SanFrancisco@ed.gov
Campus Programs
abbey west
Clubs and Organizations
Concordia University Irvine Athletics
Global Village Living & Learning Community
Global Programs
LEAD Diversity Awareness
Campus Resources
Academic Coaching Center
Assessment and Care Committee
Campus Pastor
Campus Safety
Disability Access Services
First-Generation Students
Human Resources
Psychological Counseling Center
Title IX Sexual Harassment/Gender Discrimination
Veterans Services
Wellness Center
Writing Studio
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

