https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/liberal-arts
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Arts Major
Emphases
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
Liberal Arts Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Follow Your Callings — Wherever They Lead

Are you finding it difficult to choose a major? Perhaps you’re interested in multiple subjects? Maybe you’d like to continue practicing music or art, but would also like to study history or English? The liberal arts major may be the ideal degree for you.

Futurist and philosopher Alvin Toffler once wrote: "The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn." One of the great strengths of this major is the opportunity to explore ideas across the humanities, arts, natural and social sciences, and the ability to learn how to think critically, analytically, problem solve, and communicate well. In a free society, this is needed now more than ever and is a pathway to the type of literacy required in the 21st century.

This major is rooted in the Ancient Greek tradition of the liberal arts (skills of free citizens), and includes the humanities (art, literature, linguistics), social sciences (history, law), natural sciences (biology, chemistry, physics), and formal sciences (mathematics, logic, statistics). Students study the best of human thought and creativity across time and across cultures. In addition, the major encourages you to combine disciplines in a unique way, asking you to view your education as an intertwined, rather than a compartmentalized, experience.

Choose from any of our liberal arts emphases to round out your degree:

Art
Biblical Languages
Biblical Studies
Biology
Chemistry
Classical Languages
Communication Studies
Creative Writing
Economics
Exercise Science
History
Law and Politics
Literature
Mathematics
Missiology
Music
Philosophy
Political Thought
Spanish
Theatre
Theology
Ready to Apply?
APPLY HERE

As a liberal arts major at Concordia, you will find that our dedicated faculty members are committed to providing an environment where you can pursue your interests as well as the skills necessary to become wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens – wherever your career leads you.

DEVELOPING WISE, HONORABLE, AND CULTIVATED CITIZENS

What Students Are Saying
My major at Concordia shaped me into a well rounded artist and educator. It allowed me the freedom to study several different subjects and pursue my passions. The support I received from the professors was everything I could have ever asked for in a college experience and I felt prepared as I launched into my career.

– Brittany Amsler ’12

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Opportunities for Liberal Arts Majors

In a liberal arts setting, we don’t tell students what to think, we strive to teach them how to think. Through a broad study of multiple subjects, you will develop the skills to think critically, problem solve, and communicate well - soft skills today’s employers are looking for. These are building blocks for a life well lived.

Academic Opportunities

As a Liberal Arts major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, double major, or study abroad. Students interested in becoming a teacher should choose Concordia’s Liberal Studies major which offers a broad foundation in a variety of subject areas as part of our Elementary Subject Matter Preparation Program.

Spanish Minor
English Minor
Writing Minor
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. In addition, our Liberal Arts students who have an interest in writing have the opportunity to contribute to our student newspaper, yearbook, and Concordia’s literary and art journal.

Marine Lab
The Aerie
Around the World Semester®
Forensics Team (Speech & Debate)
The Writing Studio
Study Abroad
The Heritage Garden
Mission and Service Learning
Village of Hope
Sound of Mind Poetry Club
Senior Project

The greatest strength of the Liberal Arts major is the capstone Senior Project, where each student creates a unique individualized project that combines your emphasis with another discipline within the liberal arts. In the capstone course students will meet with an instructor once each week in order to formulate, research, and discuss an appropriate topic for their written project. In the past, these projects have included:

Spoken word poetry based on historical figures
Original songs (lyrics and music), performed live and recorded
An analysis of literature from a student's homeland that includes personal experience
Original paintings inspired by famous artists
Liberal Arts Curriculum

Building on a well-rounded foundation of core courses, you can choose from our 25 areas of spe