ethnomusicology with exposure to the musical and social aspects of folk, traditional, and art music of regions from Asia, Africa, Middle East, Europe, Latin America, and North America. Experience in music is encouraged but not required.

OR

MUS 482: Music Cultures: Musical Expression in Christianity - This course will survey of the role, development, and function of music in the Christian church from its roots in the Old Testament to the present day, with attention given to biblical, theological, social, and cultural considerations. Offered alternate years.

REL 321: World Religions
3

This survey course of the world's major non-Christian religions will include motifs, belief patterns, ritual and worship, ethics, social patterns, origin and development, and sacred writings.


THR 251: Introduction to Theatre
3

This course will provide an overview of the various conventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

Emphases
Art
Biblical Languages
Biblical Studies
Biology
Chemistry
Classical Languages
Communication Studies
Creative Writing
Economics
Exercise Science
History
Law and Politics
Literature
Mathematics
Missiology
Music
Philosophy
Political Thought
Spanish
Theatre
Theology
Meet Your Professors

Professors in the School of Arts and Sciences are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty selected from departments across campus to represent all of the varied emphases.

Kerri L. Tom (Thomsen)
Professor of English, Director of General Education

Dr. Kerri (Thomsen) Tom holds a Ph.D. in English from the University of Massachusetts (1994). Her primary interest is the English Renaissance, and she has published articles on Shakespeare, Spenser, and Milton. More recently, Dr. Tom contributed a chapter to The Idea and Practice of a Christian University: A Lutheran Approach, entitled, “Mirror, Imagination, and Creation: A Lutheran Approach to Literature” (CPH, 2015).

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese obtained her Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Her doctoral work and current research interests involve a protein involved in some cases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) or Lou Gehrig’s Disease. She teaches a variety of classes, ranging from introductory to advanced biology and chemistry courses. She enjoys working with students to learn complex biological and chemical topics in their classes and research and helping them explore the intersection of faith and science in their chosen field.

Tony Vezner
Professor of Theatre

A recipient of the KC/ACTF Award for Excellence in Education, Professor Vezner collaborated with Professor Lee from English to lead the 2016 Around-the-World Semester® which took a team of students to 10 countries over 20 weeks - studying and serving in each country. His previous work includes 14 years as a professional stage director in Chicago.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

LIBERAL ARTS FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get In Touch

This is a Get In Touch view. Use it to feature contact information for degree, major, etc. simple add a title, introduction, and then select the person who should be the contact.

Duncan Sample
Professional Title
duncan.sample@cui.edu
714-319-5676

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

