https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/liberal-arts
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Arts Major
Emphases
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
Liberal Arts Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Follow Your Callings — Wherever They Lead

Are you finding it difficult to choose a major? Perhaps you’re interested in multiple subjects? Maybe you’d like to continue practicing music or art, but would also like to study history or English? The liberal arts major may be the ideal degree for you.

Futurist and philosopher Alvin Toffler once wrote: "The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn." One of the great strengths of this major is the opportunity to explore ideas across the humanities, arts, natural and social sciences, and the ability to learn how to think critically, analytically, problem solve, and communicate well. In a free society, this is needed now more than ever and is a pathway to the type of literacy required in the 21st century.

This major is rooted in the Ancient Greek tradition of the liberal arts (skills of free citizens), and includes the humanities (art, literature, linguistics), social sciences (history, law), natural sciences (biology, chemistry, physics), and formal sciences (mathematics, logic, statistics). Students study the best of human thought and creativity across time and across cultures. In addition, the major encourages you to combine disciplines in a unique way, asking you to view your education as an intertwined, rather than a compartmentalized, experience.

Choose from any of our liberal arts emphases to round out your degree:

Art
Biblical Languages
Biblical Studies
Biology
Chemistry
Classical Languages
Communication Studies
Creative Writing
Economics
Exercise Science
History
Law and Politics
Literature
Mathematics
Missiology
Music
Philosophy
Political Thought
Spanish
Theatre
Theology
Ready to Apply?
APPLY HERE

As a liberal arts major at Concordia, you will find that our dedicated faculty members are committed to providing an environment where you can pursue your interests as well as the skills necessary to become wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens – wherever your career leads you.

DEVELOPING WISE, HONORABLE, AND CULTIVATED CITIZENS

What Students Are Saying
My major at Concordia shaped me into a well rounded artist and educator. It allowed me the freedom to study several different subjects and pursue my passions. The support I received from the professors was everything I could have ever asked for in a college experience and I felt prepared as I launched into my career.

– Brittany Amsler ’12

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Opportunities for Liberal Arts Majors

In a liberal arts setting, we don’t tell students what to think, we strive to teach them how to think. Through a broad study of multiple subjects, you will develop the skills to think critically, problem solve, and communicate well - soft skills today’s employers are looking for. These are building blocks for a life well lived.

Academic Opportunities

As a Liberal Arts major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, double major, or study abroad. Students interested in becoming a teacher should choose Concordia’s Liberal Studies major which offers a broad foundation in a variety of subject areas as part of our Elementary Subject Matter Preparation Program.

Spanish Minor
English Minor
Writing Minor
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. In addition, our Liberal Arts students who have an interest in writing have the opportunity to contribute to our student newspaper, yearbook, and Concordia’s literary and art journal.

Marine Lab
The Aerie
Around the World Semester®
Forensics Team (Speech & Debate)
The Writing Studio
Study Abroad
The Heritage Garden
Mission and Service Learning
Village of Hope
Sound of Mind Poetry Club
Senior Project

The greatest strength of the Liberal Arts major is the capstone Senior Project, where each student creates a unique individualized project that combines your emphasis with another discipline within the liberal arts. In the capstone course students will meet with an instructor once each week in order to formulate, research, and discuss an appropriate topic for their written project. In the past, these projects have included:

Spoken word poetry based on historical figures
Original songs (lyrics and music), performed live and recorded
An analysis of literature from a student's homeland that includes personal experience
Original paintings inspired by famous artists
Liberal Arts Curriculum

Building on a well-rounded foundation of core courses, you can choose from our 25 areas of specialization to focus your Liberal Arts degree. Your senior capstone project allows you to combine your emphasis with another subject within the liberal arts and present a personalized project.

*Students enrolled in the Humanities and Fine Arts major, please check the academic catalog for course information.

LIBERAL ARTS CORE
39-44 Units
ART 311: Art History I
3

This is a survey course of Western art from the Prehistoric Period through the Renaissance, employing illustrated lectures, independent research, museum visits, and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.


OR

ART 312: Art History II
3

This course is a survey of Western art from the Renaissance up to the 20th century employing illustrated lectures, independent research, museum visits and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.

CENG 201: World Literature to the Renaissance
3

This course will focus on critical thinking and research-based writing through comparative and interdisciplinary analysis. Alongside lectures and class discussion, the study of representative great works of Western and non-Western literature from Antiquity, the Middle Ages, and the Renaissance will emphasize the literary, cultural, and religious significance of these texts. Co-requisite: CHST 201; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CENG 201 as an unlinked course.


COM 324: Intercultural Communication
3

Social and cultural variables in speech communication processes and strategies for resolving communication problems in intercultural settings with an emphasis on variables such as perception, roles, language codes, and nonverbal communication will be examined in this course.


HST 410: Mythology
3

The reception of classical antiquity depends on both the stories the ancients told themselves, as well as their interpretation and reinscription in subsequent times and places. This course traces the debt moderns owe to the earliest recorded stories that shaped civilizations, both to appreciate the stories in their own historical context as well as consider the responses (both those that identify with antiquity and those that assume its alienation) of succeeding eras, culminating in critical consideration of contemporary cultural evocation of the classical tradition. Prerequisite: CHST 201 or CHST 202 or HST 201.


HUM 495: Senior Project (1-3 units)
1

In this capstone course students will meet with an instructor once per week in order to formulate, research, and discuss an appropriate topic for their written project. Topics must be interdisciplinary, combining their emphasis within the major with another discipline within the major. Prerequisite: Liberal Arts major and senior standing.

MUS 352: Music of World Cultures -OR- MUS 482: Music Cultures: Musical Expression in Christianity
3

MUS 352: Music of World Cultures - This course will introduce students to the study of music as a universal cultural phenomenon and the discipline of ethnomusicology with exposure to the musical and social aspects of folk, traditional, and art music of regions from Asia, Africa, Middle East, Europe, Latin America, and North America. Experience in music is encouraged but not required.

OR

MUS 482: Music Cultures: Musical Expression in Christianity - This course will survey of the role, development, and function of music in the Christian church from its roots in the Old Testament to the present day, with attention given to biblical, theological, social, and cultural considerations. Offered alternate years.

REL 321: World Religions
3

This survey course of the world's major non-Christian religions will include motifs, belief patterns, ritual and worship, ethics, social patterns, origin and development, and sacred writings.


THR 251: Introduction to Theatre
3

This course will provide an overview of the various conventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

Emphases
Art
Biblical Languages
Biblical Studies
Biology
Chemistry
Classical Languages
Communication Studies
Creative Writing
Economics
Exercise Science
History
Law and Politics
Literature
Mathematics
Missiology
Music
Philosophy
Political Thought
Spanish
Theatre
Theology
Meet Your Professors

Professors in the School of Arts and Sciences are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty selected from departments across campus to represent all of the varied emphases.

Kerri L. Tom (Thomsen)
Professor of English, Director of General Education

Dr. Kerri (Thomsen) Tom holds a Ph.D. in English from the University of Massachusetts (1994). Her primary interest is the English Renaissance, and she has published articles on Shakespeare, Spenser, and Milton. More recently, Dr. Tom contributed a chapter to The Idea and Practice of a Christian University: A Lutheran Approach, entitled, “Mirror, Imagination, and Creation: A Lutheran Approach to Literature” (CPH, 2015).

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese obtained her Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Her doctoral work and current research interests involve a protein involved in some cases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) or Lou Gehrig’s Disease. She teaches a variety of classes, ranging from introductory to advanced biology and chemistry courses. She enjoys working with students to learn complex biological and chemical topics in their classes and research and helping them explore the intersection of faith and science in their chosen field.

Tony Vezner
Professor of Theatre

A recipient of the KC/ACTF Award for Excellence in Education, Professor Vezner collaborated with Professor Lee from English to lead the 2016 Around-the-World Semester® which took a team of students to 10 countries over 20 weeks - studying and serving in each country. His previous work includes 14 years as a professional stage director in Chicago.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

LIBERAL ARTS FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get In Touch

This is a Get In Touch view. Use it to feature contact information for degree, major, etc. simple add a title, introduction, and then select the person who should be the contact.

Duncan Sample
Professional Title
duncan.sample@cui.edu
714-319-5676

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

