https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/residential-education-services
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of Residential Life

Get to Know Your Staff
Housing
Residence Halls
Current Students
OFFICE OF RESIDENCE LIFE
Student Life
Guided Tour of Residence Halls 
About Office of Residence Life

Welcome to the Office of Residence Life (RES) webpage. We hope this webpage will introduce you to the services we offer, inform you about the benefits of living on campus, and provide the necessary forms and paperwork. RES is dedicated to assisting our students in their holistic development and supporting them in becoming wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens. If you do not find what you need here, please feel free to contact the RES Office at (949) 214-3045 or email us at RES@cui.edu.

Discover even more about living on campus through our Virtual Tour.

Mission Statement

The Office of Residence Life  is committed to developing meaningful living communities through maximizing co-curricular opportunities, modeling lives of faithfulness in Christ, and empowering students to intentionally contribute to the Concordia University Irvine community.

Purpose
Embody the mission of the University
Develop students (holistically)
Help students find their uniqueness and how it relates within the context of community
Live out our faith in practical and tangible ways as we live with students
Create opportunities for intentional engagement
Establish and provide structure/guidelines leading to a safe living environment
Initiate programs, conversations, and procedures that educate and prepare our students for the world beyond Concordia University Irvine
Create and maintain a community for our students to be a part of something bigger than themselves
Student Learning Outcomes

The Division of Student Affairs works to fulfill the mission of Concordia University Irvine through its commitment to the holistic growth, development, and success of students. Our team is dedicated to creating opportunities for engagement and learning in a supportive, caring, and Christ-centered environment. We equip students to achieve their goals and to become wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens in a global society.

Aligned with the University and the Division of Student Affairs mission statements, the Division of Student Affairs at Concordia University Irvine developed measurable Student Learning Outcomes (SLO) to ensure our programs and services are purposeful and meaningful to our students. The SLOs exist to provide depth for students engaged in our programs and services and, moreover, to ensure intentional learning. The following tenets were used as a foundation in developing the SLOs:

Students will contribute to a healthy and safe living environment.
Students will participate in meaningful co-curricular activities that contribute to the Concordia University Irvine community and their personal growth.
Students will identify their resources on campus.
Student Staff will grow personally and professionally.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

