https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/student-leadership/index/id/19468
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Student Leadership

ASCUI
LEAD
abbey west
PALs
RAs
Clubs and Organizations
Professional Staff
Applications
Related Links
Intramural Sports
STUDENT LEADERSHIP
Intramural Sports

CUI Intramurals is a great way to get involved with non-varsity athletic activities on campus, especially for new students. Currently, Intramurals is ranked as the top activity by students regarding participation and attendance, and our numbers increase annually. The variety of athletic activities offered throughout the year allows our students the opportunity to build community and participate in fun, competitive sports. Most importantly however, CUI Intramurals seeks to provide an environment where our students are challenged to compete well but ultimately remember that our actions should always be Christ-centered.

CUI Intramurals includes seasons in volleyball, flag football, basketball, tennis, pickleball, disc golf and so much more! In addition, CU Active Intramurals sponsor weekend tournaments throughout the year, including dodgeball and capture the flag.

We are always seeking to grow and develop our intramural program at CUI and are open to suggestions that you would like to see here. Official Intramural Program policies can be found in our handbook.


Sign Up for a League

Students can sign up for any intramural sport by using their Eagles email address to create an account through our MyCUI app. Students can use this site to create their teams, view their schedule, and display their trophies! Below are instructions for signing up:

Download the MyCUI app on Android or on iOS on your phone
Create an Account
Select “Concordia University Irvine” from the drop-down list
Fill in your complete information
Submit
Browse your new profile and sign up for a league!

DOWNLOAD APP

Contact Us

For more information about CUI Intramurals please feel free to come by our office in the Center for Student Leadership and Development (CSLD), right across from the gym or refer to the information in the gym walkway display cases.

Jaela Thornburg
jaela.thorburg@eagles.cui.edu

Landon McIntire
landon.mcintire@eagles.cui.edu

Michael Ottenad
michael.ottenad@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

