https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/residential-education-services/cu-active
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of Residential Life

Get to Know Your Staff
Housing
Residence Halls
Current Students
RESIDENTIAL EDUCATION & SERVICES
CU Active

At CU Active, we believe in the boundless potential of an active mind, heart, body, and soul. Thus, we cultivate an ecosystem where being 'active' transcends all boundaries - inspiring students to sculpt their college journey into an unforgettable adventure. By continuously evolving, actively weaving oneself into community, and engaging with the natural wonders of the world, CU Active students become ambassadors for living well.

Rent

We understand that not every college student has the equipment or the means to make their dream trips happen. CU Active has made it our mission to provide a wide range of equipment to help you enjoy the everyday and once in a lifetime experiences.

Need a bike to go shopping at Target? No problem.
Planning a trip to Yosemite National Park? Our tents are ready to go.
Want to bring Spikeball to your beach bonfire? We’ve got you covered.
And the best part? It's absolutely FREE!

‌
Bike Rentals

CU Rides is a program created to promote healthy, alternative transportation methods and a more sustainable campus culture through a free bike loan program. Bikes can be reserved on our booqable app. Baskets, helmets, locks, and racks are also available. The Rental Office is located on the first floor of Chi Sigma.

Enjoy a scenic route through the Back Bay that leads to the beach! Surfboards and surfboard racks are available. (5 mile ride to Back Bay, 10 mile ride to Newport Beach)
Ride with your friends to the Irvine Spectrum and enjoy some food, fun, and shopping! (5 mile ride)
Cruise to the grocery store to get all the snack supplies you need. Our bikes come with baskets to hold your groceries. (2 mile ride to Albertsons)
Get active and go “green” for the environment.
Explore the 1,000 miles of Irvine Bike Trails.

For more information, email cuactive@cui.edu.

‌
Equipment Rentals

Students can take advantage of our low-cost equipment rentals by visiting our booqable app for a variety of games and camping gear.

Wish we offered something currently not on our app? Send an email to cuactive@cui.edu with your suggestion.

‌
Outdoor Rec

CU Active also sponsors outdoor days, weekend excursions, and week-long trips! Previous trips include adventures to Joshua Tree and Kings Canyon. Equipment can be found on our booqable app.

To learn more about the program, please visit our Outdoor Recreation page.

Train

You’re sharpening your mind when pursuing your college degree, but what about your body? CU Active promotes the holistic wellness of each and every student. Comprehensive wellness-based programming by our Peer Mentor Coordinators and the operation of our residential fitness center are just two of the tools CU Active utilizes to ensure Concordia University Irvine students experience well-rounded growth during your time here.

CU Active Fitness Center
Play

Sometimes the best remedy for long hours in the classroom is to blow off steam on the field. Whether you’re looking for that Victory Royale, or holding up a trophy at the end of a season, CU Active and their partners work to provide you a necessary break from your studies. You’ve worked hard, now it’s time to play hard.

Intramural Sports
Eagles Gaming Association
Clubs & Organizations
CU Active Trips

CU Active promotes 3 annual trips for students to build community and get involved in the outdoors.  Previous trips have included Mammoth, Sedona, and Joshua Tree! At the end of the school year, there is a service opportunity in partnership with Hume Lake Christian Camp.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

