https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/art
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Art Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
ART MINOR
18 Units
ART 200: Elements of Art
3

In this course students will be given a practical introduction to the basics of art through creative studio activities involving the elements of art in a variety of media with two-dimensional projects. Class fee: $50. This class is offered each spring semester.

ART 201: Drawing I
3

This studio art course will introduce the basic approaches to observational drawing in a variety of media, methods, and subject matter through lectures, demonstrations, slide presentations, studio drawing, out-of-class drawing, sketching, and critiques. Class fee: $50. This class is offered each semester.

ART 321: Painting I
3

This studio art course will introduce students to the basic approaches of oil and acrylic painting, painting techniques, form, content, visual appreciation, and personal expression through lectures, demonstrations, slide presentations, studio painting, out-of-class painting, sketching, and critiques. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: ART 201. This class is offered every fall semester.


ART 351: Printmaking I
3

This course will provide an introduction to printmaking media with an emphasis on experimentation through techniques such as the monoprint, relief, and silkscreen. Prerequisites: ART 200 and ART 201 or consent of the instructor. Lab fee is required. This class is offered alternate years in the fall semester.


Choose one of the following courses:
ART 311: Art History I
3

This is a survey course of Western art from the Prehistoric Period through the Renaissance, employing illustrated lectures, independent research, museum visits, and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.


ART 312: Art History II
3

This course is a survey of Western art from the Renaissance up to the 20th century employing illustrated lectures, independent research, museum visits and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.

Choose one of the following courses:
ART 331: Sculpture I
3

This course will introduce students to the concepts, materials, and methods of sculpture as creative ideas are developed in wood, clay, plaster, found objects, and cardboard. Principles and use of equipment, material sources, and safety factors will be addressed. A lab fee is required. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.


ART 341: Ceramics I
3

This course will introduce clay from the process of construction through the completion of a finished piece using the following methods: pinch, coil, slab, wheel, and decorative. A lab fee is required. This class is offered every semester.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Humans of Concordia

Our students are many things - athletes, scientists, historians, and missionaries. These real students at Concordia University Irvine are expanding their skill set by complimenting their major with the arts. Discover how they're planning to leverage their creativity.

MEET STUDENTS

Get in Touch

For more information about the Art major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Rachel Soo
Visual Arts Department Chair
rachel.soo@cui.edu
(949) 214-3289

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

