https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/student-newspaper
Search
THE CONCORDIA COURIER
Categories 
Issues
About Us
Open Positions

Volume 18, Issue 11

Concordia University Irvine

April 25, 2024

The Courier is a student-run, bi-weekly print and online newspaper serving Concordia University Irvine. Learn more about us.

College Corps Media Day encourages fellows to share stories

Posted on 4/12/2024 by Heather Hershfield

On Wed. April 3, Concordia’s #CaliforniansForAll College Corps hosted a media day to have College Corp fellows who participated in the program this year share their stories. The purpose was to demonstrate the difference they have made in their service to the community.

READ STORY 

Women’s lacrosse looks to bring home gold
CAMPUS LIFE
Visit from Composer John Wasson inspires Concordia Wind Orchestra
ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT
Softball dominates the diamond with undefeated play in conference
SPORTS
And the very first Mr. CUI is...
CAMPUS LIFE
Sports
Men's lacrosse looks to finish the season strong

Posted on 3/22/2024 by Breckynn Willis

The men's lacrosse team has entered the RMAC conference for the 2024 season after being named national champions at the MCLA level last year. Men's lacrosse is now an NCAA sport, which has brought a whole new set of competition.

Read Story 

Tags: Men's Athletics, Lacrosse

Local/Global News
Return to Arrakis in the long anticipated “Dune: Part 2”

Posted on 2/23/2024 by Madison Zuniga

Moviegoers can finally enjoy the sequel to 2021’s “Dune” when “Dune: Part 2” releases in theaters March 1. Viewers and fans have waited over two years to return to the eerie and majestic world of “Dune” for the next thrilling installment of Paul Atreides’s story.

Read Story 

Arts and Entertainment
Video Games Concert showcases an innovative genre of music

Posted on 4/12/2024 by Rebekah Michel

When attending an orchestra and choir concert at Concordia, audiences can often expect to hear classical or sacred repertoire. However, the upcoming Video Games Concert on April 13 hopes to defy this expectation and present musical works with a choir and full orchestra celebrating popular games including “Final Fantasy,” “Halo,” “Starfield,” “Skyrim,” “World of Warcraft” and “Civilization.” 

Read Story 

Tags: Alexander Carr

Campus Life
Fatima Nava named March student employee of the month

Posted on 4/12/2024 by Madison Zuniga

The Center for Career & Vocation has recognized Fatima Nava as Student of the Month for March! Nava, a senior, works as a student website developer with the Concordia Web Team. Fatima received a certificate and a gift in acknowledgment of her efforts and was featured on Instagram and in the Career Studio. 

Read Story 

Home Issues About Us Sports Arts & Entertainment Local/Global Campus Life

The opinions expressed in The Concordia Courier are those of the contributors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the administration, faculty, staff or student body of Concordia University. Editorials reflect the views of the majority of the editorial staff.

© 1998-2024 Concordia University Irvine
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use