https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/english-writing-modern-languages/aerie
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
VISUAL ARTS DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Events
Giving
Contact 
How to Apply 
The Aerie 2023

The Aerie is an annual journal which showcases work being done in creative writing and art by Concordia University Irvine students, alumni, faculty and staff. In addition, it provides students from both the English and Art departments a hands-on experience working collaboratively to produce a quality literary and arts journal. Students are involved in every aspect of the production from the call for submissions, to the selection of creative work and the design of the journal. The publication of The Aerie is made possible with funding from the Office of the Provost.

Art Submission Guidelines

Deadline for submissions: Monday, December 4th at midnight.
Open to all Concordia students, faculty, and staff

Submit no more than 5 pieces.
All submissions must have a title.
Studio art submissions that are accepted for inclusion must be available for the designer to scan or photograph.
Digital artworks (graphic design, photography) that are selected must be available at high resolution.
One detail image per entry may be included and should be labeled as such.
How to Submit

Entries must be received by Monday, December 4th at midnight. Art entries should be emailed with attachment to concordia.aerie.art@gmail.com. Current Concordia students should use their Eagles email account (firstname_lastname@eagles.cui.edu).

The subject line should read Aerie Art Submission
The email should include: the author’s name anticipated graduation date title of artwork medium contact information Each image file must be named with the artist’s name, title, and medium, eg., jane-smith_growth_acrylic More than one file may be attached to the same email.

The jurors select the artworks to be included in The Aerie publication from the images submitted. Notification of selected and non-selected work will be sent via email.

Literary Submission Guidelines

Length limits (per piece submitted):
1500 words for:

drama
short fiction, and
creative nonfiction

40 lines for:

poetry

Submit no more than:

five poems and/or two prose pieces

Submissions that are accepted for inclusion in The Aerie may be edited for length and technical accuracy.

All submissions must have a title. Thoroughly proofread your work.

How To Submit

To facilitate a blind reading process for literary submissions, each submission must have a cover sheet that lists:

the author's name
title of the work
genre (fiction, nonfiction, etc.)
author's contact information

The author's name should not appear on the piece itself.

Entries must be received by Monday, December 4 at midnight.

Literary entries should be emailed with attachment to concordia.aerie.lit@gmail.com.

Current Concordia students should use their Eagles email account (firstname_lastname@eagles.cui.edu).

The subject line should read

Aerie Submission

The email should include:

the author's name
anticipated graduation date
title of creative piece(s)
genre
contact information

The attached document must be a .doc or .docx file.

The file name should be the author's last name.

More than one poem or story may be attached to the same email. Notification of selected and non-selected work will be sent via email.

PASTeditions
The Aerie 2022
The Aerie 2021
The Aerie 2020
The Aerie 2019
The Aerie 2018
The Aerie 2017
The Aerie 2016
The Aerie 2015
The Aerie 2014
The Aerie 2013
The Aerie 2012
The Aerie 2011
The Aerie 2010
The Aerie 2009


Previous


Next
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

