https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/concordia-cares
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Student Leadership

ASCUI
LEAD
abbey west
PALs
RAs
Clubs and Organizations
Professional Staff
Applications
Related Links
Concordia Cares
STUDENT LIFE

Concordia Cares’ mission is simple: to offer students, faculty, and staff opportunities to serve the local community. Our volunteers are members of the Concordia family that share a common passion—to serve their neighbors in need. More than serving, however, Concordia Cares partners strategically with community organizations to build sustainable volunteer programs, educates Concordia’s campus about current social justice issues affecting the Orange County community, connects students, faculty, and staff in service together, and serves the local community ethically and mercifully.

Previous Slide

Next Slide

Events
Kayak Clean-Up

Join us for a beach clean-up followed by kayaking! This is a great time being of service to the community, while also having fun with friends.

Previous Slide

Next Slide

Joy Jars

Joy Jar's Mission Statement is to"Encourage every kid fighting cancer to Never Ever Give Up! We fulfill our mission by CONNECTING with families, bringing AWARENESS to their stories, offering them a network of helpful RESOURCES and sending the entire family continual doses of ENCOURAGEMENT throughout their journey."

Higher Ground

Higher Ground is all about "engaging the entire person to facilitate exploration and discovery of life's possibilities through mentorship. Expanding purpose, possibilities, and hope for youth and families at risk."

Previous Slide

Next Slide

Serve & Surf

Serve and Surf is a collaboration event with the Concordia Cares team and the Concordia Surf Club. Join us on a day full of some service as we clean up our beaches and have a whole lot of fun. Plus, learn how to surf from some of our campus's best surfers and join us for many fun games!

Contact Us

Leah Sugita
leah.sugita@eagles.cui.edu

Harrison Schmidt
harrison.schmidt@eagles.cui.edu

Elizabeth Sedgwick
elizabeth.sedgwick@eagles.cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

