https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/student-leadership
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Student Leadership

ASCUI
LEAD
abbey west
PALs
RAs
Clubs and Organizations
Professional Staff
Applications
Related Links
STUDENT LEADERSHIP
Student Life
Student Leadership

On behalf of Concordia Student Leadership, welcome to Concordia University Irvine! We are so excited to serve you over the course of this school year. Every year, a collective group of student leaders select a theme verse as a way to showcase the hopes of the University. For the 2023-2024 academic year, the theme is ‘Abide’ from John 15:5, which reads, “I am the vine and you are the branches; you have a fruitful life when you abide in me and I in you.” The purpose of this verse is to remind us that we have an invitation to abide in the love and mercies of Jesus Christ every single day. When we attach ourselves to this vine and abide in the love that he has for us, we bear much fruit in our lives and to the people around us. You are loved by Christ and you are never alone.

The ASCUI Team and I encourage all students to get involved at Concordia. Concordia University provides many opportunities to get integrated into college life, whether it is in ministry, music, clubs, theater, leadership, athletics, or many other activities. If you, as a returning or new student, have any questions, please stop by the Center for Student Leadership & Development and a fellow student will be more than happy to assist you.

In Christ,

Sam Schult '24
ASCUI President 2023-2024
Center for Student Leadership & Development (CSLD)
ASCUI.President@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

