https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/spiritual-life/chapel
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Chapel
WORD & WORSHIP
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

Daily chapel is designed to serve everyone in our Concordia University Irvine community. Four days out of the week from 10:30–11:00 AM, we come together in worship. All students are welcome to attend.

Chapel
Monday Chapel

Start the week in God’s Word. Bring your Bible for an in-depth Bible study. A contemporary music ensemble accompanies our worship.

Tuesday Chapel

Come enjoy life as a community during this service that features Christ-centered liturgies and a purposely shortened time frame designed to give us more time for fellowship.

Thursday Chapel

This traditional service points us to Christ through special liturgies and a message based on God’s Word. Concordia University Irvine's choirs and instrumental ensembles express our rich heritage of faith and worship.

SHOUT!

Every Thursday night, you are invited to participate in SHOUT! This hour-long service is led by students and features acoustic music, testimonial-style devotions, personal reflection and prayer.

Friday Chapel

We stand together on the common ground of grace, learn what it means to live in that grace, and praise our God in modern songs of faith.

If you want to pursue your faith here, you can. [Faculty and staff] will encourage you to attend chapel, but it’s a positive thing. It’s not shoved in your face.

Michael Hauser, Accounting

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

