https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/student-conduct
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
THE OFFICE OF STUDENT CONDUCT & CARE
Student Life

 

STUDENT CODE OF CONDUCT

 

INCIDENT REPORTING FORM

The Office of Student Conduct & Care

The Office of Student Conduct & Care at Concordia University Irvine is committed to guiding and educating all students to act in accordance with our community expectations in both behavioral conduct and academic integrity. Our goal is to work alongside students throughout their time at Concordia University Irvine, so they can make the most of their University experience while remaining accountable to the University’s policies and community values. Failure to comply with the policies in the Student Code of Conduct will result in a judicial process. There are two primary purposes of the disciplinary process. The first is to ensure the safety of the University community and its members. The second is to promote the moral and ethical development and personal growth of each individual student. Those who are aware of misconduct are encouraged to report it as quickly as possible to the offices of Student Conduct, Residence Life, Campus Safety, and/or Human Resources.

Mission Statement

Within the Division of Student Affairs, the Office of Student Conduct & Care encourages education and accountability by providing processes designed to uphold the behavioral expectations of the Code of Conduct. With an understanding of the place for both Law and Gospel and through intentional conversations and activities that promote reflective learning, the Office of Student Conduct & Care is committed to fostering a Christ-centered environment in which all members of the community find meaning, dignity, and grace.

Report a Student Conduct Incident

All reports are confidential and go directly to the Director of Student Conduct & Care.

REPORT AN INCIDENT

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

