https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/title-ix
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Title IX

Students
Faculty & Staff
Training & Education
How to File a Complaint
Policies
File a Complaint
TITLE IX
Student Life

Concordia University is required to comply with Title IX of the Higher Education Amendments of 1972, 20 U.S.C. §1681 et seq. (“Title IX”), which states, “No person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance.

Here is Concordia University Irvine's complete Policy Against Sexual Harassment.

Access Concordia’s Title IX Resource Guide

This guide was created to describe Concordia University, Irvine’s policies and procedures regarding sexual offenses and sexual harassment. It also provides helpful information to survivors of sexual assault, intimate partner violence, and stalking, including various options and resources that are available.

Title IX Resource Guide
Victim Rights and Resources

There has been much national attention regarding sexual assault and misconduct on college campuses. Concordia University takes allegations of sexual violence, assault, dating violence, domestic violence, stalking, and other sexually inappropriate conduct seriously. As a Christian institution, we believe that sexual intimacy is part of God’s perfect and good design for our lives and should be experienced within a loving and committed union of marriage. As a University, we are working to create a safe and supportive campus community free from sex discrimination. We want to make sure that anyone who reports experiences related to such discrimination feels safe, knows her or his rights, and is aware of all available resources and options to continue to have the opportunity to be successful.

Title IX-related experiences are some of the most difficult life experiences; support and next steps for all parties can be difficult to navigate. I am here to help you and connect you to the correct resources to help you through this process.

If you have any questions or concerns, do not hesitate to contact me. Student success at Concordia University is a priority, and we will support your Title IX-related journey with privacy, equity and due process, and most importantly with Christian care and concern. We strive to “Honor One Another”, as found in Romans 12:10 through a Christian community that is free of sex discrimination.

In Christ,
Megan C. Bouslaugh
Vice President of Student Affairs, Dean of Students
Chief Title IX Coordinator
megan.bouslaugh@cui.edu

Nondiscrimination Statement - Student Programs

Concordia University Irvine is an educational institution controlled by the Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod that takes seriously anti-discrimination provisions under federal and state law and is committed to providing a learning and living environment that promotes student safety, transparency, personal integrity, civility, and mutual respect.

Concordia University Irvine does not discriminate on the basis of disability, age, race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national or ethnic origin, or any other protected class in the administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarships and loan programs, athletic programs or any other university-administered programs, except to the extent that religious freedom exemptions apply.

Concordia University Irvine has not applied for the regulatory exemption under Title IX, 34 C.F.R. section 106.12, but the Title IX statutory exemption provided by congress, see 20 U.S.C. section 1681(a)(3), is self-executing. As an educational institution that is controlled by a religious organization, Concordia University Irvine is entitled to that statutory exemption to the extent the application of Title IX is not consistent with the institution’s religious tenets.

Concordia University Irvine is exempted by the state from California Education Code 66270 to the extent the application of California Education Code 66270 is not consistent with the institution’s religious tenets. The exemption may apply to, but is not limited to, requirements as expressed in University policies, including policies found in the Student Code of Conduct, the Housing Handbook, the Student Handbook, the Student-Athlete Handbook, the Employee Handbook, and the Employee Student Handbook. Concordia University Irvine retains all rights afforded to us under federal law and the laws of the State of California.

Contact Us

Megan C. Bouslaugh
Vice President of Student Affairs, Dean of Students Chief Title IX Coordinator
megan.bouslaugh@cui.edu
(949) 214-3057

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

