https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/biblical-languages
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Biblical Languages Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Biblical Languages Minor
CHRIST COLLEGE
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
BIBLICAL LANGUAGES MINOR
22 Units
GRE 101: Greek I
4

This course will study the fundamentals of the ancient Greek language including morphology, syntax, and vocabulary for reading simple passages of Greek prose.

GRE 102: Greek 2
4

A continuation of GRE 101. Prerequisite: GRE 101 or equivalent with a grade of C- or better.

HEB 101: Hebrew I
4

This course will study the morphology, vocabulary, and syntax of biblical Hebrew for reading simple passages of the Hebrew Bible.

HEB 102: Hebrew II
4

A continuation of HEB 101. Prerequisite: HEB 101 or equivalent with a grade of C- of better.

Choose two of the following courses:
ARA 301: Aramaic
3

This course is a study of the morphology, vocabulary, and syntax of biblical Aramaic for reading the Aramaic portions of the Hebrew Bible. Prerequisite: HEB 101 and HEB 102 or equivalent with a grade of C- or better.

GRE 301: Greek Readings*
3

Readings of selected portions of the ancient Greek Biblical and classical texts with special emphasis on building translation skills through a review of morphology and syntax as well as the acquisition of the new vocabulary. Prerequisites: C- or better in GRE 101, GRE 102. May be repeated for credit.

HEB 301: Hebrew Readings
3

Through the reading of selective narrative, legal and poetic passages of the Hebrew Bible, students will advance their translation skills through review and inductive study of morphology, vocabulary and syntax with attention paid to genre analysis and textual criticism. Prerequisites: C- or better in HEB 101, HEB 102. May be repeated for credit.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

 

Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

