https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/career-services/californians-for-all-college-corps
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Center for Career & Vocation
About
College Corps
Students 
Employers/Recruiters
Faculty/Staff
Job Search 
Contact 
Access Handshake
Pathways to Serve Our Communities

The #CaliforniansForAll College Corps program is a service fellowship that provides students with college funding while engaging them in community problem-solving in the fields of education, climate action, and food insecurity.

Eligible students will receive $10,000 toward their education in exchange for completing 450 hours of service over the course of the academic year.

Make community service a core part of your college experience and preparation for your future career as you grow into a wise, honorable, and cultivated citizen.

2024/25 Student Interest Form
First Name 
Last Name 
E# 
Eagle's Email 
Please check the area(s) you are interested in: 
K-12 Education: Serve as a tutor to K-12 students at local schools and/or organizations that provide tutoring services.
Food Insecurity: Serve at a local food bank, food distribution center.
Climate Action: Serve with local organizations that are focused on positive environmental change.
SUBMIT
Learn More About College Corps

Concordia University Irvine students, along with our community partners, share their experiences as #CaliforniansForAll College Corps Fellows working at the South County Outreach, Tanaka Farms, and The Wooden Floor.

College Corps Goals
As College Corps Fellows, students will:

 

Become civic-minded leaders with the ability to bridge divides and solve problems.

Earn a living stipend and scholarship to support their education and graduate with less debt.

Address societal challenges and help build more equitable communities across California.

Our Impact

The College Corps Fellows at Concordia each partner with a different organizations that transforms others as well as themselves. Take a look at how students get involved in each community and are been impacted by the program.

The Wooden Floor

Sydney Nelson and Katie Crowder share their experiences at The Wooden Floor.

WATCH VIDEO

South County Outreach

Evelyn Galvan shares her experience at South County Outreach. 

WATCH VIDEO

Tanaka Farms

Laura Gibson and Jedidiah Rufner share their experiences at Tanaka Farms.

WATCH VIDEO

About College Corps
‌
Program Specifics & Benefits

As a College Corps Fellow, you’ll serve in the fields of K-12 Education, Food Insecurity, or Climate Action for a total of 450 hours over the course of the academic year (about 15 hours/week).

As a College Corps Fellow, you will:

Receive a living stipend of up to $7,000 throughout your service term and an additional $3,000 Education Award upon the completion of 450 service hours.
Gain real-world experience and skills while making a positive community impact.
Earn academic credit, if you complete the fellowship in conjunction with an academic internship or practicum course.
Get access to training, networking, and professional development opportunities.
Connect with Fellows locally and across the state via a virtual community platform and regional events.
‌
Eligibility

Students selected to join the Fellowship must meet at least one of the following criteria:

Needs to work part-time and/or borrow student loans to meet their educational costs
Qualifies for a Federal Pell Grant
Qualifies for a State Cal Grant or Middle-Class Scholarship
Must be a US Citizen, US National, legal permanent resident or AB 540 Eligible Dreamer

Additionally, eligible Fellows are required to:

Be enrolled as a full-time traditional undergraduate student at Concordia University Irvine.
Complete a National Service Criminal History Check and Live Scan (upon selection).
Maintain a 2.5 minimum GPA and remain in good academic standing.
Commit to the program for the full 450 hours during the academic year (Aug-May).
Study stateside for the entire academic year (no Study Abroad).
‌
Service Areas

College Corps fellows will work with K-12 schools, food banks and pantries, or climate action organizations to invest in the local community and build more equitable solutions and resources for all Californians.

While the College Corps staff will try to place you in your top area of interest, the available positions are determined by community needs, so it’s not guaranteed.

‌
Required Dates

College Fellows Orientation:

Tuesday, August 15, 2023
Wednesday, August 16, 2023
Thursday, August 17, 2023

Saturday Symposiums:

Saturday, November 4, 2023
Saturday, March 9, 2024

Regional Meetings:

TBD

SUBMIT STUDENT INTEREST FORM

Questions? Email jennifer.pfrogner@cui.edu.

Meet the College Corps Fellows
Jedidiah Rufner

Service Emphasis: Climate Action

Rylyne Lopez

Service Emphasis: K-12 Education

Jocelyne Corona

Service Emphasis: Climate Action

Evelyn Galvan

Service Emphasis: Food Insecurity

Emely Torres

Service Emphasis: Climate Action

Katie Crowder

Service Emphasis: K-12 Education

Laura Gibson

Service Emphasis: Climate Action

Sydney Nelson

Service Emphasis: K-12 Education



Previous


Next
College Corps Combines Service and Citizenship with College Funding

More than 50 Concordia students embraced the opportunity to volunteer locally in exchange for tuition assistance — and loved their experiences.

READ MORE

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

