https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/student-leadership/peer-advising-leaders
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Student Leadership

ASCUI
LEAD
abbey west
PALs
RAs
Clubs and Organizations
Professional Staff
Applications
Related Links
Peer Advising Leaders (PALs)
STUDENT LEADERSHIP
First-Year Experience (FYE) Leadership Programs

The Office of Orientation and First-Year Experience provides a welcoming and supportive environment that prepares you with valuable resources for your time at Concordia University Irvine. Our office plans W.O.W. (Week of Welcome), Spring Orientation, FYExplore (A New Shuttle Experience), and other first-year events! There are lots of opportunities to get involved in these events. Some of the student leadership positions we offer are: Orientation Coordinators, the PAL Coordinator, FYE Interns, Peer Advising Leaders, and Transfer Mentors. These leadership positions are unique ministries to support new Golden Eagles.

Orientation Coordinators

Orientation Coordinators are responsible for carrying out the activities involved in the Week of Welcome. They work as a team to:

Develop, prepare, and implement events of New Student Orientation
Partner with various campus offices in preparing events for Admitted Students Day, CU Soon, and the first week of school
Participate in FYE team meetings, university staff/ faculty summer meetings, and trainings
Train student leaders and volunteers on roles and responsibilities for WOW
Assist in implementing WOW communication for new students and families
Coach and empower FYE interns to carry out predetermined WOW duties

Orientation Coordinators are paid positions. Hours for this position are about 5 hours/week in the Spring and start at 20-30 hours/week during the summer.

 
PAL Coordinator

The PAL Coordinator is responsible for assisting the Assistant Director of Orientation and Student Activities in managing the PAL program. They work independently to:

Select, train, and supervise Peer Advising Leaders and Transfer Mentors. Provide support and guidance to these student leaders as they guide new students through their first year at Concordia
Help run biweekly team meetings for PALs
Check in on each student leader and give announcements on INT responsibilities, FYE events and other events
Oversee PAL summer emails and FYE social media accounts (MyCUI app and Instagram)
Plan and implement FYE events throughout the fall (Freshmen Registration Party, FYExplore, and PAL events)
Manage FYExplore Shuttle route, schedule and drivers
Coach and empower FYE interns to carry out predetermined WOW duties

The PAL Coordinator role is a paid position. Hours for this position are about 5 hours/week in the Spring and 10-20 during the summer and fall.

 
FYE Interns

The FYE Interns provide critical support to the Orientation Coordinators and PAL Coordinators during the month of August. Their duties include, but are not limited to:

Participate as and assume all responsibilities of a PAL
Assist Orientation Coordinators in the implementation of and preparations for WOW
Champion a particular area of campus during WOW
Learn both the Orientation Coordinator role and PAL Coordinator role
Delegate tasks to PALs for the WOW prep day

The FYE Interns volunteer their time and efforts, but they can receive internship credit (with department approval).

 
Peer Advising Leaders (PALs)

PALs are peer mentors who intentionally invest in the lives of new students during WOW, Spring Orientation and INT 100: Foundations. PALs are key student leaders that:

Help run WOW weekend and lead a group of new students during their first semester
Participate in Admitted Students Day and CU Soon
Send weekly emails to new students during the summer to help them get connected
Work with an INT 100 Instructor to facilitate a breakout session of the course
Meet one-on-one with new students and invite them to campus events and resources

PALs volunteer their time and efforts.

 
Transfer Mentors

Transfer Mentors are key resources for transfer students at Concordia University Irvine. They serve new transfers when they:

Help run WOW weekend and lead a group of new students during their first semester
Participate in Admitted Students Day and CU Soon
Send weekly emails to new students during the summer to help them get connected
Connect transfer students to other new students and key resources

Transfer Mentors volunteer their time and efforts.

APPLY HERE

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

