y kick off the 2024-2025 school year. New students will participate in the annual Scarfing Ceremony and receive their Concordia University Irvine scarf from Concordia Alumni.

The Hunt Field Day
6:30pm - 9:00pm
Soccer Field
Wear your Hunt shirt and deck out in your team color to compete in all of the Field Day Activities for points for your team! Show up early to get facepaint on and get ready to compete.

‌
Tuesday, August 20

Beloved and Battalion Small Group Kickoff
6:30pm - 7:30pm
Location TBD
Meet the abbey west Men’s and Women’s Ministry Coordinators and find out how to get involved in a small group for the year.

Honor One Another
8:00pm - 9:30pm
Location TBD
New Concordia Golden Eagles are invited to attend a conversation about honoring our neighbor and hear from Megan Bouslaugh and Mrs. Mo about Title Ix resources on campus.

All students enrolled in INT 100 are required to attend as part of their class requirements. Attendance will be taken.

‌
Wednesday, August 21

ASCUI Involvement Fair
11:00am - 2:30pm
Gym Breezeway
Check out all of the ways you can get involved with Clubs and Organizations at the annual Involvement Fair. From Surf Club to academic societies, there is a place for you to find community and explore your interests!

‌
Thursday, August 22

SHOUT! Tailgate
8:30pm - 9:30pm
Location TBD
Stop by the tailgate for games, food, and fellowship before evening worship

SHOUT! Kickoff
9:30pm - 10:30pm
Location TBD
Join your Concordia community in this entirely student-led worship service that happens every Thursday night. Spend some time in worship, hear a student's devotion, and spend time in small group discussion and prayer.

‌
Friday, August 23

Beach Bash
5:00pm - 9:00pm
Corona Del Mar Beach
Grab your friends and meet the Student Activities team at Corona Del Mar Beach for this beloved Concordia tradition. Celebrate the end of the first week of school with hot dogs,hamburgers, worship, a Spikeball tournament, and a bonfire!

New Student Orientation

Week of Welcome (WOW) is for all incoming students - First-Year freshman, transfer students and readmitted students.

Registration & Fees

All new students will receive a $200 New Student Orientation fee their student account whether or not they choose to participate. This fee covers costs for Week of Welcome activities, as well as programming & resources for new students in their first year. These activities are designed with you in mind to help you transition successfully to Concordia University Irvine.

Preparing for Orientation

We want to be sure you have everything you need as you prepare for the Fall semester. If you have questions at any step along the way, please don’t hesitate to contact the Office of First-Year Experience Programs & Initiatives at (949) 214-3059 or email fye@cui.edu.

Complete each step found in Concordia’s Checklist for Admitted Students.
Check MyRecords weekly for any HOLDs placed by the Bursar Office, Office of Financial Aid, or Wellness Center for any outstanding paperwork you have yet to submit.
Familiarize yourself with the Student Handbook and Student Code of Conduct.
Purchase your books needed for each class by viewing your class schedule in MyRecords and selecting "Buy Textbooks."
Visit Campus Safety online to apply for your student ID card and parking permit.

Continue to check your Eagles Email as this will be the way the University will send you important information.

Special Hotel Rates

To book at a local hotel, please see our Hotels and Travel Page.

Helpful Resources
MyCUI Student Portal
Parent & Family Engagement
COVID-19 Coronavirus Communication
Housing - What to bring
Dining - Meal plan options
CU Rides - Bike rentals
CUI Bookstore - Be ready for class
Social Media Directory
Parents & Guests

We welcome students to bring parents and guests to attend orientation. Please refer to our Parents and Family Orientation Page for information about our Fall Orientation and how to get involved at Concordia University Irvine as a parent.

Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine
First-Year Experience

Phone: (949) 214-3065
Email: fye@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

