https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/first-year-experience/wow
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

First-Year Experience

Week of Welcome (WOW) 
INT 100: Foundations
Peer Advising Leadership (PAL) 
Student Shuttle Services
FALL ORIENTATION
Week of Welcome (WOW)
CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE
Highlights from WOW 2021
Fall WOW
WOW Weekend
Friday, August 16 - Sunday, August 18, 2024
Parent, Family, and Supporter Orientation
Friday, August 16 - Saturday, August 17, 2024

Welcome to Concordia University Irvine!
On behalf of the entire Concordia community, we are so excited to share this Week of Welcome (W.O.W.) with you! This first week is a great opportunity for you to make connections with your peers and have an exceptional start to your college experience!

We hope that the W.O.W. experience will introduce you to some of our beloved traditions and showcase the hospitality of Concordia University Irvine. Orientation is full of fun and informative events that will help you adjust to life on campus as well as academically. With the help of your Peer Advising Leaders (PALs), faculty, and staff, we are excited to bring you into the Concordia family!

Week of Welcome at Concordia is designed to help you:

Create connections and relationships with your peers
Establish friendships you’ll have over the next four years and beyond!
Make lasting memories at events such as Throwdown, night time events, and so much more!
Introduce to you important campus resources and departments such as the Career Center, Academic Advising, Campus Safety, etc.
Support your successful transition to college!
WOW 2024 Weekend and First Week Schedule

*Note: Schedule is subject to change. You will receive a final printed schedule upon arrival for W.O.W.

‌
Friday, August 16th
‌
7:30 am - 10:00 am: Residential Check-In and Clearance

East Parking Lot/ Grimm Hall Patio
All new students will receive their check-in time to their Eagles Email. Please arrive at your scheduled time and check in at the East Lot. You will receive your welcome packet with the W.O.W. Schedule and your nametag. Residential Students will be directed to check in with RES Life.

Students with holds on their account will need to clear their holds before being able to move into their housing assignments. You can look up holds via your MyRecords account. In order to speed up your check-in process, holds with the following departments should be cleared prior to your arrival on campus.

Admissions
Bursar
Financial Aid
Registrar
Wellness Center
‌
7:30 am - 11:30 am: Residential Move-In

Uppers Lawn
Residential students will check in at Uppers Lawn to meet their Resident Director and Resident Assistant. You will pick up your key and Hunt shirt at your designated building’s tent. Cars will be directed to move-in zones based on their housing assignment. Once the vehicle is completely unloaded, you will be directed to park in the Main Lot.

‌
8:00am - 7:00pm: Information Booth Open

Location TBD
If you have any questions during the weekend, feel free to stop by the Information booth. Stop by the information booth for: extra schedules, lanyards, meal tickets, or for late check in.

‌
8:00am - 4:30pm: Bookstore Open

Bookstore (Gym Breezeway)
Pick up Concordia swag or purchase your textbooks at our bookstore, located in the heart of campus.

‌
8:00am - 4:30pm: Mailroom Open

Mailroom (Ground Level of the Student Union)
Visit the Mailroom to set up your mailbox or pick up any packages. All personal mail can be sent to Concordia’s address:
Your Name
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

‌
10:00am - 11:00am: Commuter Check-In and Clearance

East Parking Lot/ Grimm Hall Patio
All new students will receive their check-in time to their Eagles Email. Please arrive at your scheduled time and check in at the East Lot. You will receive your welcome packet with the W.O.W. Schedule and your nametag.

Students with holds on their account will need to clear their holds before being able to move into their housing assignment. You can look up holds via your MyRecords account. In order to speed up your check-in process, holds with the following departments should be cleared prior to your arrival on campus.

Admissions
Bursar
Financial Aid
Registrar
Wellness Center
‌
11:30am - 12:30pm: Commuter Workshop

DeNault Auditorium, Grimm Hall 120
Meet other commuter students, learn about lounge spaces on campus, and hear about all of the fun commuter events to add to your calendar- including $1 commuter lunches! Make sure to attend for your chance to win some awesome prizes to make your life as a commuter easier!

‌
12:30pm - 1:30pm: Parent Session in Spanish #1 | Sesión para Padres en Español

Unity Center
Join HSI Director Erika Sanchez for a parent session in Spanish to get key information about supporting your student during their Concordia Experience.

‌
11:30am - 2:00pm: Lunch Zone

Commons Lawn

‌
11:30am - 2:00pm: Academic Department and Camp