https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/biochemistry
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Biochemistry Major
Curriculum
Faculty
Get Started
Biochemistry Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Prepare to Help Others With a Biochemistry Career

If you’re trying to decide between majoring in biology or chemistry, a Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry may be the perfect fit for you. Biochemistry allows you to apply the principles learned in chemistry to how biology works in the cell and at the organism level.

Biochemistry is a popular option for students who plan to enter the medical field or continue on to graduate school. Majoring in biochemistry will give you the specialized knowledge required for careers in medicine, pharmacy, and industry.

At Concordia, biochemistry majors also have the unique opportunity to study the sciences from the perspectives of history and philosophy. This will add to your understanding of why science calls things true.

Biochemistry majors – along with all natural science majors at Concordia – will see how science leads to a better understanding of God’s creation, His love for His creation, and ultimately of the Creator Himself as He makes Himself known in His creation.

APPLY NOW

What Students Are Saying
I constantly speak highly of the opportunity and training at CUI that I received from all of you and I vouch for any student that comes from CUI over others since I know how we are trained. Thank you for everything when I was at CUI and after.

– Bryan King '13

BA Biology
Ph.D. student at Baylor University

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Student and Alumni Success

Students and graduates from Concordia University Irvine are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Helping Hands in Crisis

Hannah Hopkins ’20 & Anna Chao ’21

Two Concordia University Irvine Biology majors were recruited to travel to the University of Washington, where they have been working in the academic labs to help process COVID-19 tests.

READ STORY
Concordia University Irvine Prepares Students for PhDs

Grace Chong '15

Grace Chong ’15 launched into a PhD research program from her undergrad training at Concordia and today is flourishing in her doctoral studies because of her preparation at Concordia University Irvine.

READ STORY
Alum Heads to Los Alamos Lab on Prestigious Fellowship

Cecilia Eiroa '15
Chemistry Ph.D. Candidate at Washington State University in Pullman

Cecilia Eiroa Lledo '15, a chemistry Ph.D. candidate at Washington State University in Pullman, Wash., was awarded a prestigious Seaborg Fellowship to conduct research in nuclear chemistry at Los Alamos National Laboratory this coming summer.

READ STORY
Opportunities: Here & For Your Career
Academic Opportunities

If you're considering the Biochemistry major, you may also be interested in other related majors, minors, and pre-professional programs that we offer.

Biology Major & Minor
Chemistry Major & Minor
Engineering Major
Kinesiology Major
Medical Science Professions Program
Physics Major 
Pre-Nursing Minor
Extracurricular Opportunities

Concordia offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate in service opportunities to our local communities through education outreach and other service projects.

American Chemical Society Student Chapter
Beta Beta Beta Biological Honor Society (TriBeta)
Heritage Garden Club
Marine Lab Educational Outreach Program
Phi Delta Epsilon International Medical Fraternity
President's Academic Showcase
Village of Hope tutoring
Women of Faith in Science Program
Career & Graduate School Opportunities

Many of our alumni in the natural sciences continue their education in graduate school. Concordia has proudly placed graduates in first-class PhD programs ranging from material science and nuclear chemistry to food science and chemical engineering.

Baylor University
Drexel (Medical School)
Duke University
Loma Linda (Medical School, PA School)
Los Alamos National Laboratory, Washington Sate University (research appointment)
Northeast Ohio Medical University
Oregon Health Sciences University (Dental School)
Rice (Biochem)
San Diego State University (Graduate School of Public Health)
Southern California College of Optometry
UC Davis (Medical School)
UC Irvine (Medical School)
UC Los Angeles (Biochem)
UC San Diego (Medical School)
University of Des Moines (PA School)
University of Iowa (Medical School)
University of Nevada, Las Vegas (Biology/Microbiology)
University of Nevada, Reno (Ecology)
University of Southern California (Dental School, Molecular Biology)
University of Utah (Ecology, Biochem, Environmental Science)
University of Virginia (Medical School)
Washingt