hool. Concordia has proudly placed graduates in first-class PhD programs ranging from material science and nuclear chemistry to food science and chemical engineering.

Baylor University
Drexel (Medical School)
Duke University
Loma Linda (Medical School, PA School)
Los Alamos National Laboratory, Washington Sate University (research appointment)
Northeast Ohio Medical University
Oregon Health Sciences University (Dental School)
Rice (Biochem)
San Diego State University (Graduate School of Public Health)
Southern California College of Optometry
UC Davis (Medical School)
UC Irvine (Medical School)
UC Los Angeles (Biochem)
UC San Diego (Medical School)
University of Des Moines (PA School)
University of Iowa (Medical School)
University of Nevada, Las Vegas (Biology/Microbiology)
University of Nevada, Reno (Ecology)
University of Southern California (Dental School, Molecular Biology)
University of Utah (Ecology, Biochem, Environmental Science)
University of Virginia (Medical School)
Washington State (Chemistry, Nuclear Chemistry Ph.D.)
Western University of Health Sciences (Dental School, Veterinary Sciences, Optometry)
Research Facilities

The research equipment inventory of Concordia’s Chemical Physics Laboratory and Biology laboratories is well equipped to support research of inorganic and organometallic synthesis, analytical chemistry, molecular biology and biochemistry, and atomic and molecular spectroscopy.



Previous


Next

LEARN MORE

Curriculum

The Biochemistry major allows you to specialize in different areas by choosing electives that match your future goals.

GENERAL BIOCHEMISTRY SAMPLE COURSES
BIO 350: Molecular and Cellular Biology
4

A study of plant and animal molecular and cellular structures, biochemistry, and function is included in this course with an emphasis on the molecular level of cells, cellular metabolism, and the structure and function of the major organelles. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 111, BIO 112, CHE 221) and (CHE 222 or SCI 115; or concurrent enrollment) or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 371: Neuroscience
4

This course is an introduction to the neurosciences, including cellular, systems, cognitive, and computational neurobiology, as well as mammalian neuroanatomy. Primary neuroscientific literature will be analyzed, and approaches to studying the nervous system will be examined. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Offered annually (typically fall semester).

CHE 403: Biological Inorganic Chemistry
3

This course will investigate the roles of metals in biology. Topics will include metals homeostasis in living organisms, metalloenzymes, metals in medicine, metalloproteins that function in respiration, photosynthesis, and electronic transfer.


CHE 418: Molecular Spectroscopy
4

An advanced exposition of theoretical concepts with experimental aspects of atomic and molecular spectroscopy on electronic absorption, electronic luminescence, Raman, and infrared spectroscopes within a group theoretical and symmetry-based conceptual framework. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 431 and CHE 432 (concurrent enrollment allowed for CHE 432) or consent of instructor.


SCI 455: History and Philosophy of Science
3

This course will introduce the philosophic nature of science with a literary review of philosophic issues associated with the epistemological and historical development of science starting with ancient Greece through today. Cross listed with HST 455. Prerequisite: CBIO 101 or consent of instructor. Typically offered every spring semester.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

With small class sizes, you will get to know your professors on an individual basis, and they will get to know you and your educational goals. All of our faculty are Christian professionals who teach with the passion of helping you discover and grow in your callings. Here are some of the professors whom you will meet as a Biochemistry major.

Dr. Sean Bignami
Associate Professor of Biology, Director CUI Marine Lab

Dr. Sean Bignami graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara with a B.S. in Aquatic Biology and the University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science with a Ph.D. in Marine Biology and Fisheries. He is the founder and Director of the CUI Marine Lab, which supports Concordia University Irvine classes, student and faculty research, and a mobile touch-tank educational outreach program. Dr. Bignami's current research interests span a range of areas in the marine sciences, including experimental, ecological, and fisheries/conservation biology.

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese obtained her Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Her doctoral work and current researc