ou discover and grow in your callings. Here are some of the professors whom you will meet as a Biochemistry major.

Dr. Sean Bignami
Associate Professor of Biology, Director CUI Marine Lab

Dr. Sean Bignami graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara with a B.S. in Aquatic Biology and the University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science with a Ph.D. in Marine Biology and Fisheries. He is the founder and Director of the CUI Marine Lab, which supports Concordia University Irvine classes, student and faculty research, and a mobile touch-tank educational outreach program. Dr. Bignami's current research interests span a range of areas in the marine sciences, including experimental, ecological, and fisheries/conservation biology.

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese obtained her Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Her doctoral work and current research interests involve a protein involved in some cases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) or Lou Gehrig’s Disease. She teaches a variety of classes, ranging from introductory to advanced biology and chemistry courses. She enjoys working with students to learn complex biological and chemical topics in their classes and research and helping them explore the intersection of faith and science in their chosen field.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

BIOCHEMISTRY FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

If you’re interested in learning more about the Biochemistry program at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Scott E. Gaines
Department Co-Chair for Biology
scott.gaines@cui.edu
(949) 214-3305

Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology
lindsay.kane-barnese@cui.edu
949-214-3299

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

