https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/biochemistry
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Biochemistry Major
Curriculum
Faculty
Get Started
Biochemistry Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Prepare to Help Others With a Biochemistry Career

If you’re trying to decide between majoring in biology or chemistry, a Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry may be the perfect fit for you. Biochemistry allows you to apply the principles learned in chemistry to how biology works in the cell and at the organism level.

Biochemistry is a popular option for students who plan to enter the medical field or continue on to graduate school. Majoring in biochemistry will give you the specialized knowledge required for careers in medicine, pharmacy, and industry.

At Concordia, biochemistry majors also have the unique opportunity to study the sciences from the perspectives of history and philosophy. This will add to your understanding of why science calls things true.

Biochemistry majors – along with all natural science majors at Concordia – will see how science leads to a better understanding of God’s creation, His love for His creation, and ultimately of the Creator Himself as He makes Himself known in His creation.

APPLY NOW

What Students Are Saying
I constantly speak highly of the opportunity and training at CUI that I received from all of you and I vouch for any student that comes from CUI over others since I know how we are trained. Thank you for everything when I was at CUI and after.

– Bryan King '13

BA Biology
Ph.D. student at Baylor University

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Student and Alumni Success

Students and graduates from Concordia University Irvine are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Helping Hands in Crisis

Hannah Hopkins ’20 & Anna Chao ’21

Two Concordia University Irvine Biology majors were recruited to travel to the University of Washington, where they have been working in the academic labs to help process COVID-19 tests.

READ STORY
Concordia University Irvine Prepares Students for PhDs

Grace Chong '15

Grace Chong ’15 launched into a PhD research program from her undergrad training at Concordia and today is flourishing in her doctoral studies because of her preparation at Concordia University Irvine.

READ STORY
Alum Heads to Los Alamos Lab on Prestigious Fellowship

Cecilia Eiroa '15
Chemistry Ph.D. Candidate at Washington State University in Pullman

Cecilia Eiroa Lledo '15, a chemistry Ph.D. candidate at Washington State University in Pullman, Wash., was awarded a prestigious Seaborg Fellowship to conduct research in nuclear chemistry at Los Alamos National Laboratory this coming summer.

READ STORY
Opportunities: Here & For Your Career
Academic Opportunities

If you're considering the Biochemistry major, you may also be interested in other related majors, minors, and pre-professional programs that we offer.

Biology Major & Minor
Chemistry Major & Minor
Engineering Major
Kinesiology Major
Medical Science Professions Program
Physics Major 
Pre-Nursing Minor
Extracurricular Opportunities

Concordia offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate in service opportunities to our local communities through education outreach and other service projects.

American Chemical Society Student Chapter
Beta Beta Beta Biological Honor Society (TriBeta)
Heritage Garden Club
Marine Lab Educational Outreach Program
Phi Delta Epsilon International Medical Fraternity
President's Academic Showcase
Village of Hope tutoring
Women of Faith in Science Program
Career & Graduate School Opportunities

Many of our alumni in the natural sciences continue their education in graduate school. Concordia has proudly placed graduates in first-class PhD programs ranging from material science and nuclear chemistry to food science and chemical engineering.

Baylor University
Drexel (Medical School)
Duke University
Loma Linda (Medical School, PA School)
Los Alamos National Laboratory, Washington Sate University (research appointment)
Northeast Ohio Medical University
Oregon Health Sciences University (Dental School)
Rice (Biochem)
San Diego State University (Graduate School of Public Health)
Southern California College of Optometry
UC Davis (Medical School)
UC Irvine (Medical School)
UC Los Angeles (Biochem)
UC San Diego (Medical School)
University of Des Moines (PA School)
University of Iowa (Medical School)
University of Nevada, Las Vegas (Biology/Microbiology)
University of Nevada, Reno (Ecology)
University of Southern California (Dental School, Molecular Biology)
University of Utah (Ecology, Biochem, Environmental Science)
University of Virginia (Medical School)
Washington State (Chemistry, Nuclear Chemistry Ph.D.)
Western University of Health Sciences (Dental School, Veterinary Sciences, Optometry)
Research Facilities

The research equipment inventory of Concordia’s Chemical Physics Laboratory and Biology laboratories is well equipped to support research of inorganic and organometallic synthesis, analytical chemistry, molecular biology and biochemistry, and atomic and molecular spectroscopy.



Previous


Next

LEARN MORE

Curriculum

The Biochemistry major allows you to specialize in different areas by choosing electives that match your future goals.

GENERAL BIOCHEMISTRY SAMPLE COURSES
BIO 350: Molecular and Cellular Biology
4

A study of plant and animal molecular and cellular structures, biochemistry, and function is included in this course with an emphasis on the molecular level of cells, cellular metabolism, and the structure and function of the major organelles. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 111, BIO 112, CHE 221) and (CHE 222 or SCI 115; or concurrent enrollment) or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 371: Neuroscience
4

This course is an introduction to the neurosciences, including cellular, systems, cognitive, and computational neurobiology, as well as mammalian neuroanatomy. Primary neuroscientific literature will be analyzed, and approaches to studying the nervous system will be examined. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Offered annually (typically fall semester).

CHE 403: Biological Inorganic Chemistry
3

This course will investigate the roles of metals in biology. Topics will include metals homeostasis in living organisms, metalloenzymes, metals in medicine, metalloproteins that function in respiration, photosynthesis, and electronic transfer.


CHE 418: Molecular Spectroscopy
4

An advanced exposition of theoretical concepts with experimental aspects of atomic and molecular spectroscopy on electronic absorption, electronic luminescence, Raman, and infrared spectroscopes within a group theoretical and symmetry-based conceptual framework. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 431 and CHE 432 (concurrent enrollment allowed for CHE 432) or consent of instructor.


SCI 455: History and Philosophy of Science
3

This course will introduce the philosophic nature of science with a literary review of philosophic issues associated with the epistemological and historical development of science starting with ancient Greece through today. Cross listed with HST 455. Prerequisite: CBIO 101 or consent of instructor. Typically offered every spring semester.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

With small class sizes, you will get to know your professors on an individual basis, and they will get to know you and your educational goals. All of our faculty are Christian professionals who teach with the passion of helping you discover and grow in your callings. Here are some of the professors whom you will meet as a Biochemistry major.

Dr. Sean Bignami
Associate Professor of Biology, Director CUI Marine Lab

Dr. Sean Bignami graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara with a B.S. in Aquatic Biology and the University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science with a Ph.D. in Marine Biology and Fisheries. He is the founder and Director of the CUI Marine Lab, which supports Concordia University Irvine classes, student and faculty research, and a mobile touch-tank educational outreach program. Dr. Bignami's current research interests span a range of areas in the marine sciences, including experimental, ecological, and fisheries/conservation biology.

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese obtained her Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Her doctoral work and current research interests involve a protein involved in some cases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) or Lou Gehrig’s Disease. She teaches a variety of classes, ranging from introductory to advanced biology and chemistry courses. She enjoys working with students to learn complex biological and chemical topics in their classes and research and helping them explore the intersection of faith and science in their chosen field.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

BIOCHEMISTRY FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

If you’re interested in learning more about the Biochemistry program at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Scott E. Gaines
Department Co-Chair for Biology
scott.gaines@cui.edu
(949) 214-3305

Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology
lindsay.kane-barnese@cui.edu
949-214-3299

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

