aime Van Der Sluys is an accomplished performer, educator, studio singer, arranger, and songwriter. She entertains audiences with her sincere approach, wide stylistic range, and natural presence. Jaime has performed at many exciting venues across the country including Herb Alpert’s Vibrato Jazz Grill, the Dolby Theatre for the Pitch Perfect 3 Premier, The Queen Mary, Disneyland's Club 1901, and The Blue Whale Jazz Club.

Jaime studied under the renowned Christine Guter and was a member of the award-winning vocal jazz ensemble, Pacific Standard Time. She has received numerous accolades, including the outstanding vocalist award at the Next Generation Monterey Jazz Festival, the 2017 Graduate Jazz Soloist award from DownBeat magazine, and was the recipient of the Ella Fitzgerald scholarship.

Mark Converse
Drums

Mark Converse is an accomplished teacher of drum set, Latin and ethnic hand percussion, and symphonic percussion. He has recorded with Daft Punk, Ray Charles, Barry Manilow, and The Sherman Brothers, among other artists. He has performed and recorded with a wide variety of ensembles including the Los Angeles Philharmonic, Santa Barbara Symphony, Santa Barbara Chamber Orchestra, Pasadena Symphony, and the Pageant of the Masters Orchestra.

Dana Decker
Bass

Dana Decker, originally from Minneapolis, Minnesota, began his career as a touring bassist playing a wide variety of venues from intimate clubs to stadiums. He holds a Bachelor of Music from Berklee College of Music as well as an Master of Music from CSU Los Angeles. Dana is an in demand session and live bass player, as well as a highly regarded audio instructor who has performed with The Pussycat Dolls, The Dan Band, Katherine McPhee, and Danny Seraphine. He has been seen as a performer on television programs: Matchmaker Millionaire, Fraiser, and Ally McBeal. Dana has also taught audio courses at major colleges and universities throughout the Southland.

Donovan Raitt
Guitar

Donovan Raitt is an emerging voice in the world of modern fingerstyle guitar. At home in rock, jazz and classical styles, Donovan incorporates percussive techniques, strong melodic hooks and innovative performance techniques to create a unique sound all his own. A graduate of the prestigious Studio Guitar program at USC, Donovan completed a Masters in Music in Jazz Studies from Long Beach State University and is currently completing his Doctor of Musical Arts from USC. Donovan is the Director of Music at Aliso Creek Presbyterian Church, has written a guitar instruction textbook, and has released several recordings of original compositions.



Previous professor


Next professor
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

MUSIC FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Curriculum
Composition concentration students must select MUS 303 in the music major.  Applied units in this concentration are in addition to the Musical Collaboration and Applications core of the music major.
COMMERCIAL MUSIC
MUS 204: Songwriting and Analysis
2

The practical application and technique of songwriting, including lyrics, melody, harmony, form and stylistic content.


MUS 218: Music Business
2

An overview of the recorded music business including market structure, distribution, publishing, income streams, marketing, copyright, licensing and contracts.


MUS 316: Music Technology II
2

Building on the skills attained in Music Technology I, this course is focused on the creation of music, utilizing state of the art music technology with an emphasis on preparing the student for vocation in the classroom, studio or stage. Prerequisite: MUS 216 or permission of instructor.


MUS 413: Music Production
2

Explores the leadership, collaborative and technical aspects of studio recording sessions.


MUS 416: Music Technology III
2

A continuation of MUS 316, this course explores intermediate and advanced recording, programming, editing and production techniques in a project-based setting. Prerequisite: MUS 316 or consent of instructor.

CHOOSE 1 OF THE FOLLOWING AREAS:
8 Units
SONGWRITING
Units
MUS 405: Arranging in Popular Music
2

The advanced application of arranging concepts in a popular music setting with an emphasis on the utilization of commonly used instrumental and vocal groupings and curating the arranging process through various stages including concept development, score preparation, rehearsal, programming, recording and performance. Prerequisites: MUS 305 and MUS 306.

MUCS 101: Private Lessons: Songwriting I
2

Private Lessons: Songwriting I   1,2 Unit

OR

MUCS 201: Private Lessons: Songwriting II
2

Private Lessons: Songwriting II   1,2 Unit

MUCS 301: Private Lessons: Songwriting III
4

Private Lessons: Songwriting III   1,2 Unit

OR

MUCS 401: Private Lessons: Songwriting IV
4

Priv