https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/music/commercial-music
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Music Major
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Minors 
Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
MUSIC MAJOR
Commercial Music
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Commercial Music Concentration
Mary Desmond
Influencing for Good

Mary Desmond, a former American Idol contestant and current social media influencer, came to Concordia University Irvine to gain skills for a lifelong career in music.

Concordia’s Commercial Music program is a diverse, immersive experience, designed to prepare the student for the vigorous demands of today's music industry. Concordia’s liberal arts emphasis, with its exemplary Q&I curriculum, combined with the Commercial Music program, creates an environment where graduates are provided with a well-rounded musical education featuring a unique combination of skills. In addition to the classroom, students learn and perform in small ensembles as well as one-on-one study in areas such as performance, composition/songwriting, arranging and music production. Concordia’s close proximity to the Los Angeles music industry provides a fertile ground for creative interaction, collaboration, and a first-rate faculty.

If you would like to have a conversation with a professor about the Commercial Music Concentration, please contact: 

Prof. Steve Young
steve.young@cui.edu
(949) 214-3115 

Career Outcomes
Recording Artist
Songwriter
Producer
Instrumentalist for hire
Vocalist for hire
Composer for media (film, television, gaming)
GET STARTED ‌
Music Scholarships

Commercial Music majors have a tremendous opportunity to apply for scholarships ranging from 40% to over 100% off of tuition! Fill out this online form to introduce yourself to us. It will take 5-10 minutes to complete. Please note: you cannot save and return to this form. Be prepared to complete it in one sitting.

SCHOLARSHIP APPLICATION
Student Spotlight
Distance
Don't You Worry Bout a Thing
Nothing But the Blood of Jesus
"Sky Full of Stars"
"Reach out"
All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas - "Sweet Little Jesus Boy"
All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas - "Silent Night"
All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas - "Shepherd's Song at Christmas"
Borland Manske Center
for Music, Worship, & Theology

VIEW RECORDING STUDIO

Meet Your Professors
Steve Young
Program Director | Keyboard

Steve Young is the founding Director of Concordia University Irvine's Commercial Music program. After more than 25 years as a studio and touring keyboard player, composer, arranger, producer and church musician, Steve brings a depth and breadth of knowledge and experience to educating next-generations musicians, preparing them to thrive in the ever-changing landscape of the music industry. Steve has worked extensively in New York City, Nashville and Los Angeles and is at home playing rock, pop, folk or jazz, producing a record for a singer/songwriter, or writing orchestral works. Steve is a graduate of Concordia University Irvine and received his Masters in Fine Arts in Music Composition from the Vermont College of Fine Arts.

Andrew Doolittle
Guitar

Andrew Doolittle has performed with a broad palette of artists representing a wide variety of styles, including Rita Wilson, Idina Menzel, Taylor Hicks, Joy Williams (The Civil Wars), David Tao (陶喆), A-Mei (阿妹), Patti Page, the Pasadena Pops and the Houston Symphony. He has performed on TV shows including the The Tonight Show, Jimmy Kimmel Live! and The Today Show. Andrew earned his BM in jazz performance from The Oberlin Conservatory of Music and his MM in jazz performance from The New England Conservatory of Music. He keeps an extensive live performance schedule and his guitar work can often be heard in film trailers, video games and TV shows.

Jaime Van Der Sluys
Vocals

Jaime Van Der Sluys is an accomplished performer, educator, studio singer, arranger, and songwriter. She entertains audiences with her sincere approach, wide stylistic range, and natural presence. Jaime has performed at many exciting venues across the country including Herb Alpert’s Vibrato Jazz Grill, the Dolby Theatre for the Pitch Perfect 3 Premier, The Queen Mary, Disneyland's Club 1901, and The Blue Whale Jazz Club.

Jaime studied under the renowned Christine Guter and was a member of the award-winning vocal jazz ensemble, Pacific Standard Time. She has received numerous accolades, including the outstanding vocalist award at the Next Generation Monterey Jazz Festival, the 2017 Graduate Jazz Soloist award from DownBeat magazine, and was the recipient of the Ella Fitzgerald scholarship.

Mark Converse
Drums

Mark Converse is an accomplished teacher of drum set, Latin and ethnic hand percussion, and symphonic percussion. He has recorded with Daft Punk, Ray Charles, Barry Manilow, and 