ology III
2

A continuation of MUS 316, this course explores intermediate and advanced recording, programming, editing and production techniques in a project-based setting. Prerequisite: MUS 316 or consent of instructor.

CHOOSE 1 OF THE FOLLOWING AREAS:
8 Units
SONGWRITING
Units
MUS 405: Arranging in Popular Music
2

The advanced application of arranging concepts in a popular music setting with an emphasis on the utilization of commonly used instrumental and vocal groupings and curating the arranging process through various stages including concept development, score preparation, rehearsal, programming, recording and performance. Prerequisites: MUS 305 and MUS 306.

MUCS 101: Private Lessons: Songwriting I
2

Private Lessons: Songwriting I   1,2 Unit

OR

MUCS 201: Private Lessons: Songwriting II
2

Private Lessons: Songwriting II   1,2 Unit

MUCS 301: Private Lessons: Songwriting III
4

Private Lessons: Songwriting III   1,2 Unit

OR

MUCS 401: Private Lessons: Songwriting IV
4

Private Lessons: Songwriting IV

PERFORMANCE
Units
MUS 307: Improvisation
2

Students will study musical improvisation in jazz and popular music through analysis of the work of great soloists and the application of genre-specific melodic, harmonic and rhythmic concepts. Prerequisites: MUS 303 or MUS 306.

MU__ 101-401: Private Lessons: Secondary Instrument
4

MU__ 101-401: Secondary Instrument

MUE_: Ensemble
2

Ensemble

MUSIC PRODUCTION
Units
MUS 394: Practicum: Music Production
2

Practical recording projects consisting of CUI ensembles and outside artists in the BMC Recording Studio and other venues on campus. Prerequisites: MUS 413 and MUS 416.

MUS 415: Advanced Recording Techniques
2

The study and application of advanced recording techniques. Students will collaborate on a variety of recording and mixing projects with an emphasis on advanced microphone configurations and techniques, channel strip structure and application, gain staging and session management. Prerequisite: MUS 413.

MUS 417: MIDI and Synthesis
2

This course explores the history and application of synthesizers in modern music. Students study the various types of synthesizers including subtractive synthesis, FM, sample-based synthesis and acoustic modeling. Prerequisite: MUS 316.

MUS 418: Audio Mastering and Post-Production
2

This course explores the history and application of audio mastering and other commonly employed post production processes with emphasis on mastering components, proper monitoring, stereo imaging, phase correlation, corrective audio tools and delivery. Prerequisite: MUS 416.

TOTAL UNITS
19 Units

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Commercial Music Events

Here we love to connect Masters in musicianship with young musicians and audiences to learn from and connect with.

Check back soon to see more events!

VIEW GUEST ARTISTS

Opportunities For Music Majors
Academic Opportunities

As a Music major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, or double major. Many Concordia students who major in other fields also choose to complete their elective requirements with a formal program of study in music with a music minor.

Applied Music Program
Director of Parish Music Minor
Music Minor
Musical Theatre Minor
President’s Academic Showcase
Worship Arts Leadership Minor
Tours

Each year, during the May term, Concordia supports an international music ensemble tour. The cost for student performers is only approximately 25% of the actual cost of the trip.

Italy: Concordia Choir (2014)
Australia: Spirit Bells and Concert Handbells (2015)
Austria: Donne di Canto and Men’s Chorus (2016)
Germany for 500th anniversary of Reformation: Concordia Choir and Sinfonietta (2017)
Performance Groups

Enduring friendships and lifelong memories are formed through participation in Concordia’s top music ensembles. They are not restricted to the top music major performers. Instead, they include any student who wants life enrichment through performance excellence and music ministry. Many proudly take on the title of "honorary music major"! Find out more information about Concordia's performance groups.

4 Choirs
2 Orchestras
2 Jazz ensembles
1 American folk ensemble
4 Handbell ensembles
1 Commercial music ensemble
Numerous chamber music ensembles
Numerous praise and worship bands

MUSIC PERFORMANCE CALENDAR

NASM Accreditation

Concordia University Irvine is accredited by the National Association of Schools of Music (NASM), a nonprofit organization that establishes standards for undergraduate and graduate degree programs at conservatories, colleges, universities, and schools nationwide. The accreditation process, which included a multi-year comprehensive self-study and campus visits by NASM Board members, found that Concordia’s Music Department is a valued member of a group of institutions nationwide dedicated to the highest standards of student education and artistic values.

Get in Touch

For more information about the Music major with a Commercial Music concentration a