https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/music/commercial-music
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Music Major
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Minors 
Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
MUSIC MAJOR
Commercial Music
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Commercial Music Concentration
Mary Desmond
Influencing for Good

Mary Desmond, a former American Idol contestant and current social media influencer, came to Concordia University Irvine to gain skills for a lifelong career in music.

Concordia’s Commercial Music program is a diverse, immersive experience, designed to prepare the student for the vigorous demands of today's music industry. Concordia’s liberal arts emphasis, with its exemplary Q&I curriculum, combined with the Commercial Music program, creates an environment where graduates are provided with a well-rounded musical education featuring a unique combination of skills. In addition to the classroom, students learn and perform in small ensembles as well as one-on-one study in areas such as performance, composition/songwriting, arranging and music production. Concordia’s close proximity to the Los Angeles music industry provides a fertile ground for creative interaction, collaboration, and a first-rate faculty.

If you would like to have a conversation with a professor about the Commercial Music Concentration, please contact: 

Prof. Steve Young
steve.young@cui.edu
(949) 214-3115 

Career Outcomes
Recording Artist
Songwriter
Producer
Instrumentalist for hire
Vocalist for hire
Composer for media (film, television, gaming)
GET STARTED ‌
Music Scholarships

Commercial Music majors have a tremendous opportunity to apply for scholarships ranging from 40% to over 100% off of tuition! Fill out this online form to introduce yourself to us. It will take 5-10 minutes to complete. Please note: you cannot save and return to this form. Be prepared to complete it in one sitting.

SCHOLARSHIP APPLICATION
Student Spotlight
Distance
Don't You Worry Bout a Thing
Nothing But the Blood of Jesus
"Sky Full of Stars"
"Reach out"
All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas - "Sweet Little Jesus Boy"
All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas - "Silent Night"
All is Bright! A Concordia Christmas - "Shepherd's Song at Christmas"
Borland Manske Center
for Music, Worship, & Theology

VIEW RECORDING STUDIO

Meet Your Professors
Steve Young
Program Director | Keyboard

Steve Young is the founding Director of Concordia University Irvine's Commercial Music program. After more than 25 years as a studio and touring keyboard player, composer, arranger, producer and church musician, Steve brings a depth and breadth of knowledge and experience to educating next-generations musicians, preparing them to thrive in the ever-changing landscape of the music industry. Steve has worked extensively in New York City, Nashville and Los Angeles and is at home playing rock, pop, folk or jazz, producing a record for a singer/songwriter, or writing orchestral works. Steve is a graduate of Concordia University Irvine and received his Masters in Fine Arts in Music Composition from the Vermont College of Fine Arts.

Andrew Doolittle
Guitar

Andrew Doolittle has performed with a broad palette of artists representing a wide variety of styles, including Rita Wilson, Idina Menzel, Taylor Hicks, Joy Williams (The Civil Wars), David Tao (陶喆), A-Mei (阿妹), Patti Page, the Pasadena Pops and the Houston Symphony. He has performed on TV shows including the The Tonight Show, Jimmy Kimmel Live! and The Today Show. Andrew earned his BM in jazz performance from The Oberlin Conservatory of Music and his MM in jazz performance from The New England Conservatory of Music. He keeps an extensive live performance schedule and his guitar work can often be heard in film trailers, video games and TV shows.

Jaime Van Der Sluys
Vocals

Jaime Van Der Sluys is an accomplished performer, educator, studio singer, arranger, and songwriter. She entertains audiences with her sincere approach, wide stylistic range, and natural presence. Jaime has performed at many exciting venues across the country including Herb Alpert’s Vibrato Jazz Grill, the Dolby Theatre for the Pitch Perfect 3 Premier, The Queen Mary, Disneyland's Club 1901, and The Blue Whale Jazz Club.

Jaime studied under the renowned Christine Guter and was a member of the award-winning vocal jazz ensemble, Pacific Standard Time. She has received numerous accolades, including the outstanding vocalist award at the Next Generation Monterey Jazz Festival, the 2017 Graduate Jazz Soloist award from DownBeat magazine, and was the recipient of the Ella Fitzgerald scholarship.

Mark Converse
Drums

Mark Converse is an accomplished teacher of drum set, Latin and ethnic hand percussion, and symphonic percussion. He has recorded with Daft Punk, Ray Charles, Barry Manilow, and The Sherman Brothers, among other artists. He has performed and recorded with a wide variety of ensembles including the Los Angeles Philharmonic, Santa Barbara Symphony, Santa Barbara Chamber Orchestra, Pasadena Symphony, and the Pageant of the Masters Orchestra.

Dana Decker
Bass

Dana Decker, originally from Minneapolis, Minnesota, began his career as a touring bassist playing a wide variety of venues from intimate clubs to stadiums. He holds a Bachelor of Music from Berklee College of Music as well as an Master of Music from CSU Los Angeles. Dana is an in demand session and live bass player, as well as a highly regarded audio instructor who has performed with The Pussycat Dolls, The Dan Band, Katherine McPhee, and Danny Seraphine. He has been seen as a performer on television programs: Matchmaker Millionaire, Fraiser, and Ally McBeal. Dana has also taught audio courses at major colleges and universities throughout the Southland.

Donovan Raitt
Guitar

Donovan Raitt is an emerging voice in the world of modern fingerstyle guitar. At home in rock, jazz and classical styles, Donovan incorporates percussive techniques, strong melodic hooks and innovative performance techniques to create a unique sound all his own. A graduate of the prestigious Studio Guitar program at USC, Donovan completed a Masters in Music in Jazz Studies from Long Beach State University and is currently completing his Doctor of Musical Arts from USC. Donovan is the Director of Music at Aliso Creek Presbyterian Church, has written a guitar instruction textbook, and has released several recordings of original compositions.



Previous professor


Next professor
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

MUSIC FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Curriculum
Composition concentration students must select MUS 303 in the music major.  Applied units in this concentration are in addition to the Musical Collaboration and Applications core of the music major.
COMMERCIAL MUSIC
MUS 204: Songwriting and Analysis
2

The practical application and technique of songwriting, including lyrics, melody, harmony, form and stylistic content.


MUS 218: Music Business
2

An overview of the recorded music business including market structure, distribution, publishing, income streams, marketing, copyright, licensing and contracts.


MUS 316: Music Technology II
2

Building on the skills attained in Music Technology I, this course is focused on the creation of music, utilizing state of the art music technology with an emphasis on preparing the student for vocation in the classroom, studio or stage. Prerequisite: MUS 216 or permission of instructor.


MUS 413: Music Production
2

Explores the leadership, collaborative and technical aspects of studio recording sessions.


MUS 416: Music Technology III
2

A continuation of MUS 316, this course explores intermediate and advanced recording, programming, editing and production techniques in a project-based setting. Prerequisite: MUS 316 or consent of instructor.

CHOOSE 1 OF THE FOLLOWING AREAS:
8 Units
SONGWRITING
Units
MUS 405: Arranging in Popular Music
2

The advanced application of arranging concepts in a popular music setting with an emphasis on the utilization of commonly used instrumental and vocal groupings and curating the arranging process through various stages including concept development, score preparation, rehearsal, programming, recording and performance. Prerequisites: MUS 305 and MUS 306.

MUCS 101: Private Lessons: Songwriting I
2

Private Lessons: Songwriting I   1,2 Unit

OR

MUCS 201: Private Lessons: Songwriting II
2

Private Lessons: Songwriting II   1,2 Unit

MUCS 301: Private Lessons: Songwriting III
4

Private Lessons: Songwriting III   1,2 Unit

OR

MUCS 401: Private Lessons: Songwriting IV
4

Private Lessons: Songwriting IV

PERFORMANCE
Units
MUS 307: Improvisation
2

Students will study musical improvisation in jazz and popular music through analysis of the work of great soloists and the application of genre-specific melodic, harmonic and rhythmic concepts. Prerequisites: MUS 303 or MUS 306.

MU__ 101-401: Private Lessons: Secondary Instrument
4

MU__ 101-401: Secondary Instrument

MUE_: Ensemble
2

Ensemble

MUSIC PRODUCTION
Units
MUS 394: Practicum: Music Production
2

Practical recording projects consisting of CUI ensembles and outside artists in the BMC Recording Studio and other venues on campus. Prerequisites: MUS 413 and MUS 416.

MUS 415: Advanced Recording Techniques
2

The study and application of advanced recording techniques. Students will collaborate on a variety of recording and mixing projects with an emphasis on advanced microphone configurations and techniques, channel strip structure and application, gain staging and session management. Prerequisite: MUS 413.

MUS 417: MIDI and Synthesis
2

This course explores the history and application of synthesizers in modern music. Students study the various types of synthesizers including subtractive synthesis, FM, sample-based synthesis and acoustic modeling. Prerequisite: MUS 316.

MUS 418: Audio Mastering and Post-Production
2

This course explores the history and application of audio mastering and other commonly employed post production processes with emphasis on mastering components, proper monitoring, stereo imaging, phase correlation, corrective audio tools and delivery. Prerequisite: MUS 416.

TOTAL UNITS
19 Units

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Commercial Music Events

Here we love to connect Masters in musicianship with young musicians and audiences to learn from and connect with.

Check back soon to see more events!

VIEW GUEST ARTISTS

Opportunities For Music Majors
Academic Opportunities

As a Music major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, or double major. Many Concordia students who major in other fields also choose to complete their elective requirements with a formal program of study in music with a music minor.

Applied Music Program
Director of Parish Music Minor
Music Minor
Musical Theatre Minor
President’s Academic Showcase
Worship Arts Leadership Minor
Tours

Each year, during the May term, Concordia supports an international music ensemble tour. The cost for student performers is only approximately 25% of the actual cost of the trip.

Italy: Concordia Choir (2014)
Australia: Spirit Bells and Concert Handbells (2015)
Austria: Donne di Canto and Men’s Chorus (2016)
Germany for 500th anniversary of Reformation: Concordia Choir and Sinfonietta (2017)
Performance Groups

Enduring friendships and lifelong memories are formed through participation in Concordia’s top music ensembles. They are not restricted to the top music major performers. Instead, they include any student who wants life enrichment through performance excellence and music ministry. Many proudly take on the title of "honorary music major"! Find out more information about Concordia's performance groups.

4 Choirs
2 Orchestras
2 Jazz ensembles
1 American folk ensemble
4 Handbell ensembles
1 Commercial music ensemble
Numerous chamber music ensembles
Numerous praise and worship bands

MUSIC PERFORMANCE CALENDAR

NASM Accreditation

Concordia University Irvine is accredited by the National Association of Schools of Music (NASM), a nonprofit organization that establishes standards for undergraduate and graduate degree programs at conservatories, colleges, universities, and schools nationwide. The accreditation process, which included a multi-year comprehensive self-study and campus visits by NASM Board members, found that Concordia’s Music Department is a valued member of a group of institutions nationwide dedicated to the highest standards of student education and artistic values.

Get in Touch

For more information about the Music major with a Commercial Music concentration at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Steve Young
Assistant Professor of Music, Director of Commercial Music, Director of Worship Bands
steve.young@cui.edu
(949) 214-3115

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

