udly take on the title of "honorary music major"! Find out more information about Concordia's performance groups.

4 Choirs
2 Orchestras
2 Jazz ensembles
1 American folk ensemble
4 Handbell ensembles
1 Commercial music ensemble
Numerous chamber music ensembles
Numerous praise and worship bands

MUSIC PERFORMANCE CALENDAR

NASM Accreditation

Concordia University Irvine is accredited by the National Association of Schools of Music (NASM), a nonprofit organization that establishes standards for undergraduate and graduate degree programs at conservatories, colleges, universities, and schools nationwide. The accreditation process, which included a multi-year comprehensive self-study and campus visits by NASM Board members, found that Concordia’s Music Department is a valued member of a group of institutions nationwide dedicated to the highest standards of student education and artistic values.

Get in Touch

For more information about the Music major with a Commercial Music concentration at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Steve Young
Assistant Professor of Music, Director of Commercial Music, Director of Worship Bands
steve.young@cui.edu
(949) 214-3115

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

