https://www.cui.edu/arts/borland-manske-center
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Borland-Manske Center
Music Wing
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019
View Christ College Wing

Concordia University Irvine is home to one of the premium music learning centers in Southern California. Our friendly culture is joined by high standards of excellence, led by faculty whose primary interest is the growth of each student. Significant faculty and peer interactions are maximized through the design of the newly-opened Borland-Manske Center, where they gather daily in a shared pursuit of great musicianship and ministry. The Borland-Manske Center includes over 50 rooms designed specifically for music-making and teaching, including the Charlie and Ling Zhang Orchestra Hall, the Caryn Borland ’85 Recording Suite, the Henley PIano Studio, a large choral rehearsal hall, teaching studios, practice rooms, faculty offices, a music classroom, music office, ensemble music library, and student lounges. Walters-Storyk Design Group did the acoustic design, including the recording studio, designed by the world's foremost designer of audio studios, John Storyk.

Learn More About Borland-Manske Center Recording Studio »

Recognizing the philanthropic generosity of Mike and Caryn Borland ’85, the Borland-Manske Center commemorates the vision of Concordia’s founding president, the Rev. Dr. Charles Manske. It consists of two new buildings: one housing Christ College, Concordia’s school of theology, church vocations, and philosophy (also a new home for our graphic design program), and one housing the Music Department. Music, worship, and theology intersect in the hearts of people, and now they intersect in the heart of Concordia’s campus. The two wings of the 38,500 sq ft. Borland-Manske Center bring together the musical tradition and theological foundation of the Lutheran faith in a space that will serve the campus community and the Church worldwide for decades to come.

Concordia's ensembles tour the world, and play in major venues such as Segerstrom Concert Hall. Now, students are also able to engage in recording sessions using the finest audio gear invented, including one of the most extraordinary sound boards in the business – a Rupert Neve 5088 that is connected to the studio and the major halls in the building. To prepare for these various modes of performance, Concordia's students are in an environment that encourages multi-faceted musicianship, under the guidance of some of the finest music teachers in Southern California, and in a facility full of some of the most comfortable practice rooms and teaching studios in all of higher education.

We invite prospective students of any year in high school (and transfers) onto campus for initial visits to see the facilities, briefly meet faculty and students, and to attend concerts. Those within one year of college enrollment are invited to fill out a music scholarship interest form, followed by formal auditions in the area(s) of the students' strengths. Concordia generously awards music scholarships to students from any academic major. Our scholarship awards are some of the best in higher education. Please add Concordia to your list of potential schools. Those who study here grow exponentially, move toward successful goal-oriented careers, and walk on a college life journey that is clearly influenced by Christian ethics.

Schedule a Visit
Support the Campaign
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

