https://www.cui.edu/giving/why-give
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Why Give
Where to Give
How to Give
You & Concordia 
Events 
News & Recognition
Contact Us
Give Now
Why Give
CONCORDIA DONORS GIVE FROM THE HEART AND THEIR SUPPORT IS TRANSFORMING LIVES EVERY DAY.

Through gifts both big and small we are making a quality liberal arts education accessible and affordable for all students. We are resourcing our educators, researchers, and creators to mentor the next generation of change-makers. Our community is making connections around the world.

EXPLORE 
Scholarships Made it Possible
Scholarships Open Doors
Nurture lives of learning, service, and leadership

College expenses can put a strain on students, especially for those whose families struggle to make ends meet. Your gift to student scholarships eases the burden and allows us to welcome the best and brightest students to Concordia University.

GIVE TO STUDENT SCHOLARSHIPS

Women Excel in STEM Fields at CUI
Our Faculty Guide Students to New Possibilities
Through access to instruments, tools, equipment, and enhanced learning environments, our students discover new possibilities for their future.

When our professors and staff feel resourced and vested, they can lean into doing what they love. Concordia’s mission to empower students through the liberal arts and professional studies for lives of learning, service, and leadership begins with our faculty. By elevating the student experience we facilitate discovery and hands-on learning. Your support helps us to recruit excellent faculty and staff, expand undergraduate research opportunities, extent resources such as career counseling, and innovate in our academic programs and delivery.

SUPPORT FACULTY & STAFF

How a boy named Isaac began a movement called FIKISHA
We Bring Light and Grace into Dark Spaces
Our Concordia community, moved by the heart of Christ, bring grace alone, and faith alone to the world they live in.

The Great Commission, "Go into all the world and preach the gospel to all creation," is the central theme in Concordia's mission. Your support connects students, faculty, and staff together in service to local and global communities. By partnering with you we learn about opportunities where people may need help and we are resourced to carry out the mission.

PARTNER IN THE GREAT COMMISSION

Make a Gift Today
Donor Advised Fund (DAF)
Consider making your gift through a Donor Advised Fund (DAF). Learn more here.

Or log in to your account:

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

