https://www.cui.edu/giving/where-to-give
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Why Give
Where to Give
How to Give
You & Concordia 
Events 
News & Recognition
Contact Us
Give Now
Where to Give
DONATE TO A CAUSE THAT IS MEANINGFUL TO YOU.

Donate to the Concordia Fund which addresses the most pressing needs on campus, or give to the school or program that impacted you. Support Eagle Athletics and spur athletes to even greater achievements in competition and the classroom. Give to the Arts and steward the legacy of worship and the future of artistic mediums.

EXPLORE 
The Concordia Fund

By giving to a University, you are supporting the emerging generations that shape our future. Their hearts and minds are immeasurable resources containing infinite possibilities for learning, service, and leadership.

LEARN MORE
Schools & Other Areas

Support the School, program, or academic center that means the most to you. From Science, Technology, and Math to the Arts, our students pursue a spectrum of interests and graduate prepared to make a difference.

LEARN MORE
Eagle Athletics

As a member of NCAA Division II, we are competing in the Pac West Conference with determination and excellence. Resource our student-athletes to thrive in their roles as competitors and classmates.

LEARN MORE
The Arts

The Arts are at the heart of our university. Patrons of our Music, Theatre, and Visual Arts programs help sponsor student scholarships, purchase instruments and equipment, and fund improved learning facilities for our artists and performers.

LEARN MORE
Unique Initiatives

Give directly to specific areas, like our Giving Day, timely goals, and student-led efforts. Make a direct impact on a cause that has an immediate need.

LEARN MORE
Give Where Your Passion Is

Learn how donors found a way to commit to their passion and share their heart with the Concordia community.

A Passion for Church Work

Doy Henley

The students provide talent for the churches that makes the churches successful, which is really when you get down to it, the key thing,” he says. “Successful churches, when people in the congregation are doing well, require people who are trained as teachers, musicians, and most importantly ministers and pastors. That's one of the many things Concordia supplies. They make sure students are trained to lead churches.

Read Story 

A Passion for Lutheran Education

Bill and Audrey Dahlgren

God was so good to me,” Bill says. “In my early days I wasn’t able to give service to the church like I wanted, and I didn’t have money to do it, either. Now it’s payback time for me. I can do more things for the church that I couldn’t afford to or had no time to do earlier.

Read Story 

A Passion for Engaging Alumni & Students, and Women in the Workplace

Chris ’04 and Katherine Pond ’05, Concordia Alumni & Donors

Katherine and Chris work actively to prepare and connect students with job opportunities by asking Concordia professors for recommendations of graduating students and paving the way for interviews at their companies. The result is that Concordia students are in demand.

Read Story 

A Passion for Athletics

Phyllis Talmage

When you know there is something that really is needed, you become personally involved and that’s gratifying.” Phyllis was an athlete herself, in the 1940s. “I’ve always been interested in athletics, she says.

Read Story 

A Passion for Music

Caryn and Michael Borland, Christ College Irvine, 1985

When the Borlands heard about the need for support of a building designed to significantly improve the quality of experience music and theology students have at CUI, they were eager to help.

Read Story 

A Passion for Student Scholarships

Elayne and Paul Lohr

Getting young people educated to go into various forms of ministry...was near and dear to Mom and Dad’s heart,” says their son Stuart. “One thing that provided them a lot of joy is when they financially supported a student, then went down and met the student on campus.

Read Story 

A Passion for the Gospel

Kelly and Cheryl Keithly

Anything invested in the lives of students at Concordia is going to be blessed manifold over the generations as these students go out and use what they’ve been taught, whether in church work, school, business, medicine, engineering, whatever. They’re not just learning academics, they are learning a way of life.

Read Story 



Previous


Next
Make a Gift Today
Donor Advised Fund (DAF)
Consider making your gift through a Donor Advised Fund (DAF). Learn more here.

Or log in to your account:

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

