https://www.cui.edu/giving/alumni
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Why Give
Where to Give
How to Give
You & Concordia 
Events 
News & Recognition
Contact Us
Give Now
Alumni

Your financial support empowers student education. Your relational support expands their future potential.

EXPLORE 
Support Student Scholarships
Help Make Education Accessible and Affordable

Together we make education accessible and affordable for students, in order to nurture lives of learning, service, and leadership.

GIVE TO STUDENT SCHOLARSHIPS
Support Academic Programs
Give Back to the School or College that Shaped your Concordia Experience

By elevating the student experience we facilitate discovery and hands-on learning. Your support helps us to recruit excellent faculty and stuff, expand undergraduate research opportunities, extend resources such as career counseling, and innovate in our academic programs and delivery.

SUPPORT ACADEMIC PROGRAMS
Support the Student Experience
Impact the Life of a Student at Concordia

Here are a few specific ways your financial support can impact a student at Concordia:

Purchase new equipment for the athletic program - $25
Purchase a book for the CU library - $50
Underwrite the cost of a career assessment for a student - $65
Cover the cost to keep the library open for one additional hour - $125
Fund an additional student Alumni Scholarship for one year - $1,000
Purchase a new computer for the computer lab - $1,200
Pay the electric bill for one day at Concordia - $1,275
Contribute toward faculty instruction for one student in a UG class - $5,000
Contribute toward the cost to run the University for one day - $82,375

Indicate in the comment field how you would like to direct your financial gift.

SUPPORT THE STUDENT EXPERIENCE
Support Building Community
Bring Light and Grace into Dark Spaces

The Great Commission, "Go into all the world and preach the gospel to all creation," is the central theme in Concordia's mission. Your support connects students, faculty, and staff together in service to local and global communities.

PARTNER IN THE GREAT COMMISSION
Young Alumni - Graduates of the Last Decade (GOLD)

GOLD Alumni comprise nearly 60% of our active Alumni body. One-time or recurring gifts from our young Alumni are recognized through GOLDen member benefits.

Make a gift and join this inspirational group of leaders 

Volunteer

Your time and talents are vital to the university. Volunteers assist with coordinating events, organizing class reunion activities, welcoming students at the start of the school year, serving at events and much more.

GET INVOLVED

On workdays [in the Heritage Garden] we have students, faculty, staff, their children, community members and members of the local Native American tribe working together and having fun. It’s a great way to develop relationships and a sense of shared purpose.

Thea Gavin, English Professor

More ways to give back to CUI
Alumni Brick or Locker
The Arts Events 
Athletics Events 
Concordia Events
Connect with Fellow Alumni

Connect with nearly 20,000 CCI & Concordia Alumni who live, work, and serve throughout the world.

JOIN CUI CONNECT

Get Involved
Meet your 2019-20 Alumni Board of Directors

To learn more about service opportunities, contact Director of Alumni & Family Relations, Tamera Sauer, at (949)-214-3178 or tamara.sauer@cui.edu

Make a Gift Today
Donor Advised Fund (DAF)
Consider making your gift through a Donor Advised Fund (DAF). Learn more here.

Or log in to your account:

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

