hrough academic course work, spiritual formation, and hands-on ministry experience, students are prepared to serve the church in our dynamic and uncertain world.

See the Center for Church Leadership 

Cross-cultural Ministry Center

The Cross-cultural Ministry Center (CMC) is committed to forming faithful missionary pastors to initiate and develop culture-crossing ministries. CMC students simultaneously serve as a vicar in a local congregation during all four years of their studies. Students graduate with a Master of Arts in Theology and receive full certification for ordination as a pastor in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS).

See the Cross-cultural Ministry Center 

Church Work Program

Concordia’s Church Work program equips students for full-time ministry in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod. They learn from and with future pastors, teachers, Directors of Christian Education, Directors of Parish Music, and deaconesses.

See Church Work 

Faithworks Center

The FaithWorks Center at Concordia University Irvine expands the Faith, Work, and Economics activities already being conducted by Christ College in partnership with Concordia’s other schools. The center helps pastors and professionals understand the economic, moral, and spiritual significance of work by showing how it contributes to the flourishing of other people and society as a whole.

See the Faithworks Center 

Center for Civics Education

Through the Center for Civics Education, Concordia University works with elected officials, labor, business groups, public sector managers and local residents to find solutions to difficult problems and serve as a forum for discussion and dialogue. A program of the School of Business and Economics, the Center brings together diverse points of view within Orange County to focus on critical issues confronting our future.

See the Center for Civics Education 

Make a Gift Today
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

