onsent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 361: Field Biology Techniques
3

This field-based course will explore common techniques used to conduct biological field research and provide hands-on experience with transects, trapping, quadrats, aquatic survey methods, GPS, GIS, and others. Proper experimental design and statistical analysis of data will be included as students design and conduct their own research projects. During standard Fall or Spring semesters, up to three (3) weekend field trips are possible in addition to field trips during scheduled lab time or longer trips during mid-semester breaks. A lab fee is required and additional travel costs may apply. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 101 or CBIO 101 or BIO 111) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years (odd years, spring semester).

BIO 390: Practicum: Biology (1-4 units)
1

A practical experience outside the classroom that is directly related to the student's major, minor or professional program. It typically involves "hands-on" experience in the form of an internship that is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience. Offered every semester, by arrangement.

BIO 401: Biology Seminar
2

This course will take an in-depth look at current biological topics primarily through the use of primary literature. Library research using scientific journals may be required to prepare a major paper and oral presentation. Topics will vary each semester. Prerequisite: Sixteen (16) units of biology or consent of instructor; restricted to juniors and seniors. May be offered any semester as arranged by the instructor.

BIO 496: Research in Biology
2

This course will require students to apply research methods and skills in the field of biology towards the completion of original student-conducted research. This course may require library research, field and/or laboratory research, and statistical analysis to be completed under the supervision of a faculty advisor. Independent lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in SCI 495or consent of instructor. Course may be taken for a range of units (0.5-2 units per semester), offered each semester.

BIO 499: Senior Thesis
1

A culmination of original student-conducted scientific research resulting in a formal written report, a public seminar-style oral presentation, and public poster presentation. Prerequisite: C- or better in SCI 495 and 2 units of BIO 496 or consent of instructor; restricted to seniors. Typically offered each semester.

SCI 301: Earth Science
3

This is an introductory course to the position, motion, and properties of the solar system and cosmos including a survey of spatial concepts of the earth's crust, materials, structure, and the effects on the land forms, soil, vegetation, and natural resources. An overview of the atmosphere, its composition, and the processes that makes the earth's surface so dynamic will be included. Prerequisites: (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115).


SCI 318: Ocean Science
4

This course will provide an interdisciplinary introduction to biological, physical, and chemical ocean processes, as well as the human activities that influence the presence, distribution, form, and function of marine life across a variety of marine habitats. Traditional lectures, peer-led and problem-based learning, and lab time will be included. Field trips during lab time should be expected, as well as up to two (2) weekend field trips. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered alternate years (even years, spring semester).


SCI 455: History and Philosophy of Science
3

This course will introduce the philosophic nature of science with a literary review of philosophic issues associated with the epistemological and historical development of science starting with ancient Greece through today. Cross listed with HST 455. Prerequisite: CBIO 101 or consent of instructor. Typically offered every spring semester.


SCI 495: Research Methods
1

This course will introduce basic techniques in laboratory research, experimental design, library databases, review of peer-reviewed literature, and quantitative and qualitative analyses. Students will compose a research proposal intended to guide future original student-conducted research. Interdisciplinary topics are included. Prerequisite: Sixteen (16) units of major courses or consent of instructor. Typically offered each semester.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact