https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/biology
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Biology Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Biology Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
BIOLOGY MINOR
22-24 Units
BIO 111: General Biology I
4

This general biology course will examine major principles in biology at the molecular, cellular, and organism levels. Topics include cellular structure, metabolism processes, genetics, DNA function and genome expression, the origin of life and evolutionary principles, biotechnology, and molecular biology. The course emphasizes laboratory techniques, scientific writing, and the application of biological principles toward interpretation of case studies. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Typically offered each semester.

BIO 112: General Biology II
4

As a continuation of BIO 111, this general biology course examines major principles in biology at the organism, population, and ecosystem levels. Topics include the structure, function, and behavior of animals and plants, evolutionary mechanisms, population dynamics, and ecological interactions. The course emphasizes laboratory techniques, scientific writing, and the application of biological principles toward interpretation of case studies. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (spring semester).

Choose a minimum of 13 units from the following (at least 11 units must be 300-400 level courses):
BIO 246: Human Anatomy and Physiology I
4

First of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology. Topics include the structure and function of cells, tissues, and the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 247: Human Anatomy and Physiology II
4

Second of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology.  Topics include the endocrine, cardiovascular, lymphatic/immune, respiratory, digestive, urinary, and reproductive systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintain homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.   Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in BIO 111 and BIO 246 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (spring semester).

BIO 308: Molecular Genetics
4

This course will introduce the basic principles of molecular genetics focused on prokaryotic and eukaryotic gene regulation, recombinant DNA technology, bioinformatics, and an introduction to Mendelian genetics. The course emphasizes classical laboratory experimentation and molecular techniques. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111, BIO 112, BIO 350, CHE 221, CHE 222 or consent of the instructor. Typically offered annually (spring semester).

BIO 309: Population Genetics
4

This course will investigate the data, methods, and theory behind population genetics with an emphasis on human populations. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 112. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 317: Ecology
4

Fundamental ecological concepts will be introduced through literature and illustrated in field investigations focusing on the relation of organisms to their environment. Field trips and lab time are included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: Grade C- or better in (BIO 111, BIO 112) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221or SCI 115) or consent of the instructor. Typically offered alternate years (even years, spring semester).

BIO 331: Marine Biology
4

This course will study a variety of marine habitats and organisms, with emphasis on ecological interactions, physiological and behavioral adaptations, and current challenges to the marine environment. Emphasis is placed on local marine ecosystems. Students will learn current marine research methods in the lab and field. Up to two (2) weekend field trips are possible in addition to field trips during scheduled lab time. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 111, BIO 112) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Completion of SCI 318 and BIO 345 is recommended but not required. Typically offered alternate years (odd years, spring semester).

BIO 341: Plant Biology
4

As an introduction to the basic concepts of plant life, this course will study the structure, functional form, reproduction, genetics, and ecology of fungi, algae, and nonvascular and vascular plants. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in BIO 111 and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered alternate years (odd years, spring semester).

BIO 345: Evolutionary Zoology
4

This course will study the diversity of the animal kingdom while focusing on natural history, anatomy, systematics, and evolutionary principles. Studied phyla include protozoans through mammals, or a subset therein. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 101 or CBIO 101 or BIO 111) and BIO 112 or consent of instructor. Typically offered alternate years (even years, fall semester).

BIO 350: Molecular and Cellular Biology
4

A study of plant and animal molecular and cellular structures, biochemistry, and function is included in this course with an emphasis on the molecular level of cells, cellular metabolism, and the structure and function of the major organelles. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 111, BIO 112, CHE 221) and (CHE 222 or SCI 115; or concurrent enrollment) or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 351: General Microbiology
4

This course will introduce the morphology, physiology, and ecological and medical importance of microorganisms (focusing on viruses, bacteria, molds, and yeasts), with a strong focus on the molecular basis of physiological processes. Laboratory sessions will emphasize the culture, physiology, and identification of the major groups of microbes. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 355: Biostatistics
3

This course will introduce statistical analysis concepts and methods necessary for the interpretation of biological data in including a hands-on experience with computational methods and biological interpretation rather than statistical theory. Computer lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 361: Field Biology Techniques
3

This field-based course will explore common techniques used to conduct biological field research and provide hands-on experience with transects, trapping, quadrats, aquatic survey methods, GPS, GIS, and others. Proper experimental design and statistical analysis of data will be included as students design and conduct their own research projects. During standard Fall or Spring semesters, up to three (3) weekend field trips are possible in addition to field trips during scheduled lab time or longer trips during mid-semester breaks. A lab fee is required and additional travel costs may apply. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 101 or CBIO 101 or BIO 111) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years (odd years, spring semester).

BIO 390: Practicum: Biology (1-4 units)
1

A practical experience outside the classroom that is directly related to the student's major, minor or professional program. It typically involves "hands-on" experience in the form of an internship that is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience. Offered every semester, by arrangement.

BIO 401: Biology Seminar
2

This course will take an in-depth look at current biological topics primarily through the use of primary literature. Library research using scientific journals may be required to prepare a major paper and oral presentation. Topics will vary each semester. Prerequisite: Sixteen (16) units of biology or consent of instructor; restricted to juniors and seniors. May be offered any semester as arranged by the instructor.

BIO 496: Research in Biology
2

This course will require students to apply research methods and skills in the field of biology towards the completion of original student-conducted research. This course may require library research, field and/or laboratory research, and statistical analysis to be completed under the supervision of a faculty advisor. Independent lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in SCI 495or consent of instructor. Course may be taken for a range of units (0.5-2 units per semester), offered each semester.

BIO 499: Senior Thesis
1

A culmination of original student-conducted scientific research resulting in a formal written report, a public seminar-style oral presentation, and public poster presentation. Prerequisite: C- or better in SCI 495 and 2 units of BIO 496 or consent of instructor; restricted to seniors. Typically offered each semester.

SCI 301: Earth Science
3

This is an introductory course to the position, motion, and properties of the solar system and cosmos including a survey of spatial concepts of the earth's crust, materials, structure, and the effects on the land forms, soil, vegetation, and natural resources. An overview of the atmosphere, its composition, and the processes that makes the earth's surface so dynamic will be included. Prerequisites: (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115).


SCI 318: Ocean Science
4

This course will provide an interdisciplinary introduction to biological, physical, and chemical ocean processes, as well as the human activities that influence the presence, distribution, form, and function of marine life across a variety of marine habitats. Traditional lectures, peer-led and problem-based learning, and lab time will be included. Field trips during lab time should be expected, as well as up to two (2) weekend field trips. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered alternate years (even years, spring semester).


SCI 455: History and Philosophy of Science
3

This course will introduce the philosophic nature of science with a literary review of philosophic issues associated with the epistemological and historical development of science starting with ancient Greece through today. Cross listed with HST 455. Prerequisite: CBIO 101 or consent of instructor. Typically offered every spring semester.


SCI 495: Research Methods
1

This course will introduce basic techniques in laboratory research, experimental design, library databases, review of peer-reviewed literature, and quantitative and qualitative analyses. Students will compose a research proposal intended to guide future original student-conducted research. Interdisciplinary topics are included. Prerequisite: Sixteen (16) units of major courses or consent of instructor. Typically offered each semester.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

