https://www.cui.edu/giving/corporate
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Why Give
Where to Give
How to Give
You & Concordia 
Events 
News & Recognition
Contact Us
Give Now
CORPORATE PARTNERS

A partnership with Concordia University Irvine can be mutually beneficial, providing businesses and non-profits access to students, faculty, and resources, along with exposure to our extended Concordia community.

EXPLORE 
Funding Excellence in the School of Business and Economics

The Business Partners Program brings together the business community and the School of Business and Economics at Concordia to foster mutually-beneficial educational and economic progress. As an annual member, your restricted gift to the School’s Fund for Excellence supports scholarships for business students, executive sessions and workshops, and faculty research projects of interest to business leaders.

Dean's Leadership Council

Annual membership contribution: $5,000

Business Affiliate

Annual membership contribution: $2,500-$4,999

Business Associate

Annual membership contribution: $1,000-$2,499

PARTNER WITH CONCORDIA
Corporate Matching Gifts

Employers can match gifts from friends of Concordia and double the impact.

GET INVOLVED

The School of Business and Economics at Concordia

The School of Business and Economics is home to the largest undergraduate program at Concordia University Irvine. Accredited by the International Accreditation Council for Business Education (IACBE), the undergraduate economics and business administration program offers emphases in accounting, business data analytics, business economics, finance, healthcare management, international business, management, marketing, and sports business. The MBA program focuses on business practice with flexibility for working professionals. Faculty include entrepreneurs and executives.

The School of Business and Economics is home to the Center for Faith and Business, the annual Faith & Business Forum, the Business Insight Series, the Center for Civics Education, the Teen Entrepreneurship Academy and the Institute for Strategic Marketing.

LEARN MORE ABOUT OUR PROGRAMS
Schools & Other Areas

View all of our Schools, Colleges, and Centers for opportunities to connect with talented students and faculty for internships, research opportunities, and other resources.

VIEW SCHOOLS & OTHER AREAS
Sponsorship Opportunities

We host multiple events during our academic year that benefit from corporate sponsors. Join us in supporting future leaders and connect with our extended community.

Contact our Vice President of Advancement, Marketing & Communications, Tim Jaeger, at 949-214-3179 or tim.jaeger@cui.edu with questions.

VIEW UPCOMING EVENTS

Smart Alliance Program

Concordia University Irvine is pleased to partner with local businesses and non-profits in offering educational opportunities to their graduates and students. Smart Alliance partners benefit from the following partner pricing:

Waived application fees
10% discount on all current tuition and fees
Other benefits per professional programs or graduate studies

For more information on setting up a partnership with your organization, contact Jon O'Neill (949) 214-3446, or Billy Maxfield (949) 214-3577

View our current partnerships and degrees 

Make a Gift Today
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

