https://www.cui.edu/giving/eagle-athletics-fans
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Why Give
Where to Give
How to Give
You & Concordia 
Events 
News & Recognition
Contact Us
Give Now
GOLDEN EAGLE ATHLETICS CLUB

The Golden Eagle Athletics Club benefits the student-athlete experience through financial gifts and encouragement. It provides a quality environment for men and women to grow in their leadership and excel in the arenas of athletic competition and the classroom.

SUPPORT GOLDEN EAGLE ATHLETICS

Support from members of the Golden Eagle Athletics Club is the lifeblood of our athletic program. The Golden Eagles compete in 11 sports at the NCAA Division II level. Our athletics program is funded exclusively by private donations from alumni and friends to provide our dedicated student-athletes with the necessary academic and athletic tools to compete and grow as Christian leaders.

Proud members of the Pac West Conference, a group of twelve schools within the states of California and Hawaii, the Athletics program at Concordia enhances the reputation of the university and provides student-athletes with the opportunity for growth outside the classroom.

SUPPORT GOLDEN EAGLE ATHLETICS

Make a Gift Today
Donor Advised Fund (DAF)
Consider making your gift through a Donor Advised Fund (DAF). Learn more here.

Or log in to your account:

Cheer on the Concordia Golden Eagles!

The Golden Eagles compete in 11 sports at the NCAA Division II level. Your attendance and enthusiastic support empower our athletes as they commit to excellence.

View the Athletic Schedule of Events 

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

