https://www.cui.edu/giving/faculty-and-staff
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Why Give
Where to Give
How to Give
You & Concordia 
Events 
News & Recognition
Contact Us
Give Now
FACULTY & STAFF

Your participation inspires others to give. Your support is a significant affirmation of our mission and priorities.

EXPLORE 
Concordia Payroll Deduction

Regardless of the amount, your support helps bolster key college initiatives and illustrates that those who know Concordia best support the university with their time, talents, and treasures.

Please prayerfully consider a gift or payroll deduction to help support the students, programs, and people you see every day. You can earmark your contribution for a specific department or program, a scholarship, or the Concordia Fund, which directs resources to the areas with the greatest need. Your gift makes an impact.

ENROLL TODAY
MAKE A ONE-TIME GIFT

Contact Kathy Gibson at 949-214-3188 or kathy.gibson@cui.edu, or stop by Alpha 209 with any questions.

Your Gift Matters

Consider joining your colleagues in making a charitable gift to the University. Here are a few inspiring stories about why they give.

I am a donor to Concordia Irvine because I get the privilege of watching the mission and vision of the university play out in the lives of students. It is amazing to see how students develop their faith as they participate in the mission trips and opportunities on campus for leadership and ministry. I feel blessed that I get to be a part of a place that encourages me to share my faith in Christ and so by donating I can help make sure these opportunities continue for future students.

Dr. Gilbert & Mrs. Christina Fugitt

We give so that there are grace-filled professional church workers for the future. We give so that there are excellently prepared men and women living out their vocations as followers of Jesus Christ. We give because there is joy in being part of something bigger than ourselves!

Rev. Dr. Mike & Kathy Gibson

The reasons I give to Concordia University Irvine are two-fold. One, is to allow students the opportunity to live out their faith and even strengthen their faith while working diligently to prepare for a vocation where God is leading them. Secondly, one of the greatest joys I have experienced is to see a student come to faith while on their educational journey here at Concordia. Seeing the Great Commission lived out on our campus, is incredible each time. What a privilege it is for me to share life with these students, for a short time, and see all God is doing in and through their lives.

Lisa & Earl Purcell

My wife and I give to Concordia University Irvine because of the extreme dedication and commitment we see from faculty and staff, and the clear focus on a biblical view of God's calling that is communicated to all students. We are blessed to have the opportunity to contribute to the mission of Concordia.

Russell & Tami Mangum

Make a Gift Today
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

