https://www.cui.edu/giving/friends-and-community
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Why Give
Where to Give
How to Give
You & Concordia 
Events 
News & Recognition
Contact Us
Give Now
FRIENDS & COMMUNITY PARTNERS

Help us invest in and partner with the communities in which we live and work through quality education robust public policy and community engagement.

EXPLORE 
Advance our commitment to access and affordability

"Mutual Respect" is one of the core values of Concordia University. We believe that a student body made up of students who represent a variety of backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives strengthens our campus community and provides a rich environment for dialogue, debate, and learning.

Strengthen access and affordability

GIVE TODAY

Friends of Concordia
A Proud Tradition of Support and Service to Students

The Friends of Concordia program raise unrestricted annual funds for the University. These gifts compliment funds from other sources. Friends of Concordia members help Concordia achieve its goal of assuming its place as one of the nation's preeminent Christian universities. Gifts are used to support a variety of needs on campus.

Make a gift and join this inspirational community 

Concordia’s Latinx Leadership Conference

College is not a dream. It’s a plan.
Created for high school students and those currently enrolled in community college, Concordia’s Latinx Leadership Conference is designed to help attendees, and their parents, navigate the road to college. The Latinx Leadership Conference is made possible through grants and donations from organizations, in-kind donations, and donations from private donors.

GET INVOLVED
Concordia Cares

We believe in building sustainable programs that will make an indelible impact on the community. Concordia Cares partners strategically with local community organizations to build volunteer programs, educate Concordia’s campus about current social justice issues affecting the Orange County community, connect students, faculty, and staff in service together, and to serve the local community.

LEARN MORE
Service Learning Opportunities

Concordia University Irvine focuses on teaching students service through experiential learning. Many classes, clubs, and organizations integrate service learning through community service opportunities both locally and globally. Students can also serve through Global and Local Missions to improve the lives of those around them.

LEARN MORE
Enriching the Tradition of the Arts

This vibrant community of musicians, makers, and performers extend their welcome through concerts, art exhibits, and shows throughout the year. Patrons of our Music, Theatre, and Visual Arts programs help sponsor student scholarships, purchase instruments and equipment, and fund improved learning facilities for our artists and performers. Become a part of our Fine Arts Patron Giving Society.

GIVE TO THE ARTS
Make a Gift Today
Donor Advised Fund (DAF)
Consider making your gift through a Donor Advised Fund (DAF). Learn more here.

Or log in to your account:

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

