https://www.cui.edu/giving/parents-and-families
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Why Give
Where to Give
How to Give
You & Concordia 
Events 
News & Recognition
Contact Us
Give Now
PARENTS & FAMILIES

Parent and family involvement and support are critical factors that lead to student success and degree completion at Concordia University Irvine.

EXPLORE 
Support Student Accessibility & Affordability
Nurture Lives of Learning, Service, and Leadership

College expenses can put a strain on students, especially for those whose families struggle to make ends meet. Your gift to student scholarships eases the burden and allows us to welcome the best and brightest students to Concordia University.

GIVE TO STUDENT SCHOLARSHIPS
Support Academic Programs & the Student Experience
Guide students to new possibilities

By elevating the student experience, we facilitate discovery and hands-on learning. Your support helps us to recruit excellent faculty and staff, expand undergraduate research opportunities, further develop resources such as career counseling, and innovate in our academic programs and delivery.

SUPPORT ACADEMIC PROGRAMS
Support Mission & Service Learning
Bring Light and Grace into Dark Spaces

The Great Commission, "Go into all the world and preach the gospel to all creation," is the central theme in Concordia's mission. Your support connects students, faculty, and staff together in service to local and global communities.

SUPPORT THE STUDENT EXPERIENCE
The Parents Fund

Gifts to the Parents Fund contribute to exceptional teaching, classroom technology, and research resources. From the sports field to the theatrical stage, the science lab to the residential facilities, your support keeps undergraduate life thriving.

Share your value for the Concordia experience 

The Arts Events 
Athletics Events 
Concordia Events
Send your care in a package

College can be exciting and challenging. You can't be with them in the classroom, but you can let them know how much you care.

Order a care package for your student 

CU Celebrate

Order a special treat for your student's birthday, special accomplishment, recent win, or just because! Homemade by Bon Appetit and hand-delivered by The Office of Family Relations, your gift is sure to bring a smile.

Have a sweet treat delivered to your student 

Connect with Fellow Concordia Parents

Join the CUI Parent Connection Association (CUIPCA) and stay informed about events, activities, and ways you can be involved.

LEARN MORE

Make a Gift Today
Donor Advised Fund (DAF)
Consider making your gift through a Donor Advised Fund (DAF). Learn more here.

Or log in to your account:

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

