https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/biology
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Biology Major
Bachelor of Science
Bachelor of Arts
Minors 
Medical Science Professions Program
Faculty
Get Started
Biology Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Zooming in on the Human Genome
Prepare for a Rewarding Career in the Sciences

From the smallest organisms to entire ecosystems, you will learn the foundational biological principles that connect these to each other, but also gain a better understanding of your position in the universe. Modern biologists are challenged to find solutions for some of the biggest issues of our time. A biology degree from Concordia University Irvine prepares you to take on these issues from both a scientific and a distinctly Lutheran Christian perspective. It can open doors to a multitude of careers in research, education, industry, forensics, and professional positions in various areas within the allied health profession.

Concordia’s Biology Department is committed to research and research design. Our students are trained in experimental design, proposal writing and submission, real world constraints on data collection, statistical data analysis, and a variety of other research protocols. Our goal is to provide an experience that gives you the flexibility to design a research project motivated by your own interests, carry out that experiment, and then write up the results of the research in a refereed journal format. As a biology major at Concordia, you will complete a senior research thesis that will prepare you for advanced study or careers in the sciences in a way that many universities cannot.

APPLY NOW

DEVELOPING WISE, HONORABLE, AND CULTIVATED CITIZENS

What Students Are Saying
What I loved about getting a degree in biology at Concordia University Irvine was the support and commitment that professors had in my education. One of the benefits of getting a scientific education from a Christian liberal arts school was the opportunity to learn how to mix the world of theology with that of the natural sciences, and that despite what most people believe, these two worlds don't contradict each other.

– Cecilia Eiroa Lledo '15

BA Biology, BA Chemistry
Ph.D. student studying environmental radiochemistry at Washington State University

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
What is the Difference Between a B.A. and a B.S. in Biology?
B.S. in Biology

The Bachelor of Science in Biology is a more specialized degree that prepares students for entry into graduate study or health professional programs in medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, optometry, veterinary science, and other related fields.

SEE CURRICULUM

B.A. in Biology

The Bachelor of Arts in Biology provides a strong liberal arts core and a broad range of courses. Students commonly choose the B.A. to meet course requirements for careers in teaching or as part of our Pre-Nursing minor or Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway.

SEE CURRICULUM

Student and Alumni Success

Students and graduates from Concordia University Irvine are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Zooming in on the Human Genome

Parker Hicks ’22

Parker Hicks ’22, a biology major, took a side interest in coding as an undergraduate, taught himself a programming language, then applied for a National Science Foundation research opportunity at the University of Colorado over the summer. There, he created a model that helps genome researchers create high-resolution data from low-resolution data. The work was then published in the industry-leading journal, Bioinformatics, an unusual accomplishment for an undergraduate student.

READ STORY
Helping Hands in Crisis

Hannah Hopkins ’20 & Anna Chao ’21

Two Concordia University Irvine Biology majors were recruited to travel to the University of Washington, where they have been working in the academic labs to help process COVID-19 tests.

READ STORY
Concordia University Irvine Prepares Students for PhDs

Grace Chong '15

Grace Chong ’15 launched into a PhD research program from her undergrad training at Concordia and today is flourishing in her doctoral studies because of her preparation at Concordia University Irvine.

READ STORY
Where Our Alumni Are Working
Truesdail Laboratories Inc.
Johnson & Johnson Medical Device Company
Science Teacher, Christ Lutheran, La Mesa
Care Ambulance Service EMT
Utah Division of Wildlife Resources
Science Teacher, South Pasadena Middle School, South Pasadena
Science Teacher, St Turibius Catholic School, Los Angeles
Opportunities for Biology Majors

All students are encouraged to get involved through volunteer and/or employment opportunities within the Biology Department by conducting independent research or assisting with faculty research, and by