rs were recruited to travel to the University of Washington, where they have been working in the academic labs to help process COVID-19 tests.

READ STORY
Concordia University Irvine Prepares Students for PhDs

Grace Chong '15

Grace Chong ’15 launched into a PhD research program from her undergrad training at Concordia and today is flourishing in her doctoral studies because of her preparation at Concordia University Irvine.

READ STORY
Where Our Alumni Are Working
Truesdail Laboratories Inc.
Johnson & Johnson Medical Device Company
Science Teacher, Christ Lutheran, La Mesa
Care Ambulance Service EMT
Utah Division of Wildlife Resources
Science Teacher, South Pasadena Middle School, South Pasadena
Science Teacher, St Turibius Catholic School, Los Angeles
Opportunities for Biology Majors

All students are encouraged to get involved through volunteer and/or employment opportunities within the Biology Department by conducting independent research or assisting with faculty research, and by participating in educational outreach opportunities, professional fraternities, or honor societies.

Academic Opportunities

As a biology major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, double major, or a pre-professional program.

Biochemistry Major
Biology Minor
Chemistry Major
Chemistry Minor
Freshman Nursing Advantage Program
Liberal Studies, General Science Concentration
Kinesiology Major
Liberal Studies, Life-Science Concentration
Medical Science Professions Program
Pre-Athletic Training & Allied Health Major
Pre-Nursing Minor
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate in service opportunities to our local communities through education outreach and other service projects.

Phi Delta Epsilon International Medical Fraternity
Beta Beta Beta Biological Honor Society (TriBeta)
Heritage Garden Club
President's Academic Showcase
Women of Faith in Science Program
Marine Lab Educational Outreach Program
Village of Hope tutoring
Internships

Students in the biology department have numerous opportunities to enrich their academic experience through internships at renowned local institutions such as the Children's Hospital of Orange County (CHOC) and Hoag's Health Scholar Program. Biology majors can also participate in research opportunities at Concordia University Irvine, including paid summer internship positions, or at other institutions through Research Experience for Undergraduate (REU) fellowship programs.

Graduate Schools Attended

Many of our alumni in the natural sciences continue their education in graduate school. Concordia has proudly placed graduates in first-class PhD programs ranging from material science and nuclear chemistry to food science and chemical engineering.

Drexel (Medical School)
Duke University
Loma Linda (Medical School, PA School)
Los Alamos National Laboratory, Washington Sate University (research appointment)
Oregon Health Sciences University (Dental School)
Rice (Biochem)
San Diego State University (Graduate School of Public Health)
Northeast Ohio Medical University
Southern California College of Optometry
UC Davis (Medical School)
UC Irvine (Medical School)
UC Los Angeles (Biochem)
UC San Diego (Medical School)
University of Des Moines (PA School)
University of Iowa (Medical School)
University of Nevada, Las Vegas (Biology/Microbiology)
University of Nevada, Reno (Ecology)
University of Southern California (Dental School, Molecular Biology)
University of Utah (Ecology, Biochem, Environmental Science)
University of Virginia (Medical School)
Washington State (Chemistry, Nuclear Chemistry Ph.D.)
Western University of Health Sciences (Dental School, Veterinary Sciences, Optometry)
On-Campus Facilities

On-campus facilities dedicated to advanced instruction and undergraduate research.

Marine Lab
Heritage Garden
Curriculum

In order to understand the natural world and how it operates, biology students at Concordia seek to understand the Creator’s role in the natural world. This begins in your Core Biology class as you explore “Great Questions” such as: What is Truth? What does it mean to be human? How do I know what I know?  Can you know God like you know DNA? As a biology student at Concordia University Irvine you will understand the interaction of your faith and your chosen field of study.

SAMPLE COURSES
BIO 246: Human Anatomy and Physiology I
4

First of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology. Topics include the structure and function of cells, tissues, and the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab