 how it operates, biology students at Concordia seek to understand the Creator’s role in the natural world. This begins in your Core Biology class as you explore “Great Questions” such as: What is Truth? What does it mean to be human? How do I know what I know?  Can you know God like you know DNA? As a biology student at Concordia University Irvine you will understand the interaction of your faith and your chosen field of study.

SAMPLE COURSES
BIO 246: Human Anatomy and Physiology I
4

First of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology. Topics include the structure and function of cells, tissues, and the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 308: Molecular Genetics
4

This course will introduce the basic principles of molecular genetics focused on prokaryotic and eukaryotic gene regulation, recombinant DNA technology, bioinformatics, and an introduction to Mendelian genetics. The course emphasizes classical laboratory experimentation and molecular techniques. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111, BIO 112, BIO 350, CHE 221, CHE 222 or consent of the instructor. Typically offered annually (spring semester).

BIO 345: Evolutionary Zoology
4

This course will study the diversity of the animal kingdom while focusing on natural history, anatomy, systematics, and evolutionary principles. Studied phyla include protozoans through mammals, or a subset therein. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 101 or CBIO 101 or BIO 111) and BIO 112 or consent of instructor. Typically offered alternate years (even years, fall semester).

CHE 321: Organic Chemistry I
4

This course will examine the fundamental concepts relating to organic compounds with an emphasis on structure, nomenclature, theory, bonding, stereochemistry, reaction mechanisms, and physical and chemical properties of the principle classes of compounds. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 222.


PHI 467: Bioethics and Healthcare Professions
3

This course will examine the ethical issues raised by modern advances in health care and biological research. Attention will be given to the language of bioethics, important philosophical and theological approaches, and socio-cultural implications. Special foci may include clinical nursing ethics, business ethics in a healthcare context, or other topics as appropriate. Prerequisite: CTHL 101 or CTHL 200 or THL 202 or NTHL 101 or NTHL 202.

Meet Your Professors

Biology professors are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Class sizes rarely exceed 24 students, and our faculty take pride in personally mentoring and advising you in your academic pursuits.

Dr. Sean Bignami
Associate Professor of Biology, Director CUI Marine Lab

Dr. Sean Bignami graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara with a B.S. in Aquatic Biology and the University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science with a Ph.D. in Marine Biology and Fisheries. He is the founder and Director of the CUI Marine Lab, which supports Concordia University Irvine classes, student and faculty research, and a mobile touch-tank educational outreach program. Dr. Bignami's current research interests span a range of areas in the marine sciences, including experimental, ecological, and fisheries/conservation biology.

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese obtained her Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Her doctoral work and current research interests involve a protein involved in some cases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) or Lou Gehrig’s Disease. She teaches a variety of classes, ranging from introductory to advanced biology and chemistry courses. She enjoys working with students to learn complex biological and chemical topics in their classes and research and helping them explore the intersection of faith and science in their chosen field.

Dr. Sarah Karam
Professor of Biology

Dr. Sarah Karam, Ph.D., earned a M.S. in Natural Resources & Environmental Science and a Ph.D. in Ecology, Evolution, & Conservation Biology from the University of Nevada, Reno. Her current research focuses on how humans influence the distribution of native plants around Concordia Irvine. In addition to her teaching and research in the biology department, s