hair for Biology

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese obtained her Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Her doctoral work and current research interests involve a protein involved in some cases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) or Lou Gehrig’s Disease. She teaches a variety of classes, ranging from introductory to advanced biology and chemistry courses. She enjoys working with students to learn complex biological and chemical topics in their classes and research and helping them explore the intersection of faith and science in their chosen field.

Dr. Sarah Karam
Professor of Biology

Dr. Sarah Karam, Ph.D., earned a M.S. in Natural Resources & Environmental Science and a Ph.D. in Ecology, Evolution, & Conservation Biology from the University of Nevada, Reno. Her current research focuses on how humans influence the distribution of native plants around Concordia Irvine. In addition to her teaching and research in the biology department, she also serves as Assistant Director of the Honors Program.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

BIOLOGY FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get In Touch

For more information about the Biology major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Scott E. Gaines
Department Co-Chair for Biology
scott.gaines@cui.edu
(949) 214-3305

Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology
lindsay.kane-barnese@cui.edu
949-214-3299

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

