https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/biology
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Biology Major
Bachelor of Science
Bachelor of Arts
Minors 
Medical Science Professions Program
Faculty
Get Started
Biology Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Zooming in on the Human Genome
Prepare for a Rewarding Career in the Sciences

From the smallest organisms to entire ecosystems, you will learn the foundational biological principles that connect these to each other, but also gain a better understanding of your position in the universe. Modern biologists are challenged to find solutions for some of the biggest issues of our time. A biology degree from Concordia University Irvine prepares you to take on these issues from both a scientific and a distinctly Lutheran Christian perspective. It can open doors to a multitude of careers in research, education, industry, forensics, and professional positions in various areas within the allied health profession.

Concordia’s Biology Department is committed to research and research design. Our students are trained in experimental design, proposal writing and submission, real world constraints on data collection, statistical data analysis, and a variety of other research protocols. Our goal is to provide an experience that gives you the flexibility to design a research project motivated by your own interests, carry out that experiment, and then write up the results of the research in a refereed journal format. As a biology major at Concordia, you will complete a senior research thesis that will prepare you for advanced study or careers in the sciences in a way that many universities cannot.

APPLY NOW

DEVELOPING WISE, HONORABLE, AND CULTIVATED CITIZENS

What Students Are Saying
What I loved about getting a degree in biology at Concordia University Irvine was the support and commitment that professors had in my education. One of the benefits of getting a scientific education from a Christian liberal arts school was the opportunity to learn how to mix the world of theology with that of the natural sciences, and that despite what most people believe, these two worlds don't contradict each other.

– Cecilia Eiroa Lledo '15

BA Biology, BA Chemistry
Ph.D. student studying environmental radiochemistry at Washington State University

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
What is the Difference Between a B.A. and a B.S. in Biology?
B.S. in Biology

The Bachelor of Science in Biology is a more specialized degree that prepares students for entry into graduate study or health professional programs in medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, optometry, veterinary science, and other related fields.

SEE CURRICULUM

B.A. in Biology

The Bachelor of Arts in Biology provides a strong liberal arts core and a broad range of courses. Students commonly choose the B.A. to meet course requirements for careers in teaching or as part of our Pre-Nursing minor or Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway.

SEE CURRICULUM

Student and Alumni Success

Students and graduates from Concordia University Irvine are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Zooming in on the Human Genome

Parker Hicks ’22

Parker Hicks ’22, a biology major, took a side interest in coding as an undergraduate, taught himself a programming language, then applied for a National Science Foundation research opportunity at the University of Colorado over the summer. There, he created a model that helps genome researchers create high-resolution data from low-resolution data. The work was then published in the industry-leading journal, Bioinformatics, an unusual accomplishment for an undergraduate student.

READ STORY
Helping Hands in Crisis

Hannah Hopkins ’20 & Anna Chao ’21

Two Concordia University Irvine Biology majors were recruited to travel to the University of Washington, where they have been working in the academic labs to help process COVID-19 tests.

READ STORY
Concordia University Irvine Prepares Students for PhDs

Grace Chong '15

Grace Chong ’15 launched into a PhD research program from her undergrad training at Concordia and today is flourishing in her doctoral studies because of her preparation at Concordia University Irvine.

READ STORY
Where Our Alumni Are Working
Truesdail Laboratories Inc.
Johnson & Johnson Medical Device Company
Science Teacher, Christ Lutheran, La Mesa
Care Ambulance Service EMT
Utah Division of Wildlife Resources
Science Teacher, South Pasadena Middle School, South Pasadena
Science Teacher, St Turibius Catholic School, Los Angeles
Opportunities for Biology Majors

All students are encouraged to get involved through volunteer and/or employment opportunities within the Biology Department by conducting independent research or assisting with faculty research, and by participating in educational outreach opportunities, professional fraternities, or honor societies.

Academic Opportunities

As a biology major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, double major, or a pre-professional program.

Biochemistry Major
Biology Minor
Chemistry Major
Chemistry Minor
Freshman Nursing Advantage Program
Liberal Studies, General Science Concentration
Kinesiology Major
Liberal Studies, Life-Science Concentration
Medical Science Professions Program
Pre-Athletic Training & Allied Health Major
Pre-Nursing Minor
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate in service opportunities to our local communities through education outreach and other service projects.

Phi Delta Epsilon International Medical Fraternity
Beta Beta Beta Biological Honor Society (TriBeta)
Heritage Garden Club
President's Academic Showcase
Women of Faith in Science Program
Marine Lab Educational Outreach Program
Village of Hope tutoring
Internships

Students in the biology department have numerous opportunities to enrich their academic experience through internships at renowned local institutions such as the Children's Hospital of Orange County (CHOC) and Hoag's Health Scholar Program. Biology majors can also participate in research opportunities at Concordia University Irvine, including paid summer internship positions, or at other institutions through Research Experience for Undergraduate (REU) fellowship programs.

Graduate Schools Attended

Many of our alumni in the natural sciences continue their education in graduate school. Concordia has proudly placed graduates in first-class PhD programs ranging from material science and nuclear chemistry to food science and chemical engineering.

Drexel (Medical School)
Duke University
Loma Linda (Medical School, PA School)
Los Alamos National Laboratory, Washington Sate University (research appointment)
Oregon Health Sciences University (Dental School)
Rice (Biochem)
San Diego State University (Graduate School of Public Health)
Northeast Ohio Medical University
Southern California College of Optometry
UC Davis (Medical School)
UC Irvine (Medical School)
UC Los Angeles (Biochem)
UC San Diego (Medical School)
University of Des Moines (PA School)
University of Iowa (Medical School)
University of Nevada, Las Vegas (Biology/Microbiology)
University of Nevada, Reno (Ecology)
University of Southern California (Dental School, Molecular Biology)
University of Utah (Ecology, Biochem, Environmental Science)
University of Virginia (Medical School)
Washington State (Chemistry, Nuclear Chemistry Ph.D.)
Western University of Health Sciences (Dental School, Veterinary Sciences, Optometry)
On-Campus Facilities

On-campus facilities dedicated to advanced instruction and undergraduate research.

Marine Lab
Heritage Garden
Curriculum

In order to understand the natural world and how it operates, biology students at Concordia seek to understand the Creator’s role in the natural world. This begins in your Core Biology class as you explore “Great Questions” such as: What is Truth? What does it mean to be human? How do I know what I know?  Can you know God like you know DNA? As a biology student at Concordia University Irvine you will understand the interaction of your faith and your chosen field of study.

SAMPLE COURSES
BIO 246: Human Anatomy and Physiology I
4

First of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology. Topics include the structure and function of cells, tissues, and the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 308: Molecular Genetics
4

This course will introduce the basic principles of molecular genetics focused on prokaryotic and eukaryotic gene regulation, recombinant DNA technology, bioinformatics, and an introduction to Mendelian genetics. The course emphasizes classical laboratory experimentation and molecular techniques. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111, BIO 112, BIO 350, CHE 221, CHE 222 or consent of the instructor. Typically offered annually (spring semester).

BIO 345: Evolutionary Zoology
4

This course will study the diversity of the animal kingdom while focusing on natural history, anatomy, systematics, and evolutionary principles. Studied phyla include protozoans through mammals, or a subset therein. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 101 or CBIO 101 or BIO 111) and BIO 112 or consent of instructor. Typically offered alternate years (even years, fall semester).

CHE 321: Organic Chemistry I
4

This course will examine the fundamental concepts relating to organic compounds with an emphasis on structure, nomenclature, theory, bonding, stereochemistry, reaction mechanisms, and physical and chemical properties of the principle classes of compounds. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 222.


PHI 467: Bioethics and Healthcare Professions
3

This course will examine the ethical issues raised by modern advances in health care and biological research. Attention will be given to the language of bioethics, important philosophical and theological approaches, and socio-cultural implications. Special foci may include clinical nursing ethics, business ethics in a healthcare context, or other topics as appropriate. Prerequisite: CTHL 101 or CTHL 200 or THL 202 or NTHL 101 or NTHL 202.

Meet Your Professors

Biology professors are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Class sizes rarely exceed 24 students, and our faculty take pride in personally mentoring and advising you in your academic pursuits.

Dr. Sean Bignami
Associate Professor of Biology, Director CUI Marine Lab

Dr. Sean Bignami graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara with a B.S. in Aquatic Biology and the University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science with a Ph.D. in Marine Biology and Fisheries. He is the founder and Director of the CUI Marine Lab, which supports Concordia University Irvine classes, student and faculty research, and a mobile touch-tank educational outreach program. Dr. Bignami's current research interests span a range of areas in the marine sciences, including experimental, ecological, and fisheries/conservation biology.

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese obtained her Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Her doctoral work and current research interests involve a protein involved in some cases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) or Lou Gehrig’s Disease. She teaches a variety of classes, ranging from introductory to advanced biology and chemistry courses. She enjoys working with students to learn complex biological and chemical topics in their classes and research and helping them explore the intersection of faith and science in their chosen field.

Dr. Sarah Karam
Professor of Biology

Dr. Sarah Karam, Ph.D., earned a M.S. in Natural Resources & Environmental Science and a Ph.D. in Ecology, Evolution, & Conservation Biology from the University of Nevada, Reno. Her current research focuses on how humans influence the distribution of native plants around Concordia Irvine. In addition to her teaching and research in the biology department, she also serves as Assistant Director of the Honors Program.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

BIOLOGY FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get In Touch

For more information about the Biology major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Scott E. Gaines
Department Co-Chair for Biology
scott.gaines@cui.edu
(949) 214-3305

Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology
lindsay.kane-barnese@cui.edu
949-214-3299

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

