https://www.cui.edu/giving/events/faith-and-business-forum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Why Give
Where to Give
How to Give
You & Concordia 
Events 
News & Recognition
Contact Us
Give Now
18th Annual
Faith & Business Forum
Postponed Until Further Notice
We look forward with hope to 2022 when we can gather again.

The annual Faith and Business Forum supports Christian leaders of excellence and integrity, encouraging Christ-centered leadership.

Faith & Crisis Series
Faith & Crisis

In March of 2020, Concordia University Irvine was planning to host our 17th Annual Faith & Business Forum. This event was canceled due to the Coronavirus pandemic. But rather than cancel the event entirely, we have interviewed our Keynote presenter, Jim Franklin, the CEO of Harbro Emergency Services and Restoration, our event sponsor, John Alsop, President of Alsop and Associates Insurance Company, and our Concordia President Michael Thomas. We at Concordia feel at this time of crisis, these voices bring a unique perspective to living at the crossroads of leadership, crisis, and faith. Since that time, we have continued to interview leaders and friends of Concordia on Faith & Crisis.

VIEW VIDEOS

Honoring Servant Leadership

The Faithfulness and Excellence Award recognizes an individual who demonstrates visionary leadership, steadfast Christian standards, and exemplary business success. A recent recipient of this award was Kelly Keithly. Keithly and business partner Walt Williams founded Keithly-Williams Seeds in 1981 and today the company is recognized as the largest supplier of vegetable seeds in the Southwest. Through his career, Keithly has shown his dedication to serving God and is known to devote time to pray for the company, its customers, and his employees.

Past Events
Thank You to Our Sponsor!
Presenting Sponsor
Contact Us

Contact Grace Saldana with your questions at (949) 214-3185 or grace.saldana@cui.edu.

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

