https://www.cui.edu/giving/events/gala-of-stars
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Giving
Fund-A-Need
We are honored to announce the recipients of the Lifetime Achievement Award!
Charlie and Ling Zhang

For their commitment to higher education in Orange County and their philanthropic work in the Arts community, Concordia University Irvine is pleased to honor and recognize Mr. Charlie and Mrs. Ling Zhang with the 2024 Lifetime Achievement Award at our 22nd annual Gala of Stars. This award is presented to an individual or couple who, through their God-given talents, has made a difference in the lives of others.

Read more 

2024 Gala of Stars Co-Chairs: Cindy Steinbeck and Rachel Klitzing

REGISTER NOW
Registration Open

22nd Annual Gala of Stars
Concordia University Irvine
CUI Arena
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612
Saturday, April 27, 2024 @ 5:00 pm

Mark your calendar for an evening of live entertainment, gourmet dining, and fellowship supporting Concordia University Irvine’s scholarships and programs.

For nearly 50 years our God has been at work guiding the Concordia mission to develop wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens to serve both society and the church.

We are grateful to gather each year to support Concordia students. In 2023, we set a Gala of Stars record by raising over $650,000!

Over the last decade, the Gala of Stars has raised more than $5,000,000. Through your generosity, we can continue to provide critical funds to our students, 100% of whom receive some form of financial aid. Join us in person, become a sponsor, or donate so we can equip the next generation. 

Thank you to our 2024 Gala of Stars Sponsors!

Interested in being a 22nd Annual Gala of Stars Sponsor? Email bil.hood@cui.edu

Platinum Sponsor 

Mrs. Thekla Bunnett

Gold Sponsors 

 

 

Mr. Ken and Mrs. Jo Voertman

Front & Center Table Sponsors 

Mrs. Ruth DeNault '07, MBA '09

Mr. Craig and Mrs. Jane Olson

Silver Sponsors 
Bronze Sponsors 

Ryan '97 & Lyndsay '96 Ermeling

Hank & Dixie Aschbenner

Cheryl Keithly

Mitch & Donna Thiessen

David & Darrellyn Melilli

RESERVE NOW

 

2023 Gala Photos
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

