nded by “Dedicated to the Great Commission” and “Sola scriptura. Sola gratia. Sola fide.” These phrases were carried over from our previous seal as they speak to Concordia’s founding mission and Lutheran heritage. The new seal also reestablishes our founding year of 1976, which is when classes were held for the first time at Christ College Irvine, the original name of the institution. The seal will primarily appear in green, with a reversed option in white.

A New Mascot

Concordia’s athletic identity and mascot are getting a refresh as well! Our athletic team name has evolved from Eagles to Golden Eagles — and our mascot got a fierce, fresh makeover. Why change from Eagles to Golden Eagles? Our goal is to create a unified brand across the university. Adding “golden” to our athletic team name helps tie our university brand and athletic brand more closely together and differentiates Concordia from our NCAA Division II competitors. Plus, the golden eagle (Aquila chrysaetos) is also a fully protected species in California!

A New Campaign

To introduce our new brand and positioning to the marketplace, we produced a marketing campaign, called Freedom to Explore, that highlights our dynamic Concordia community. This creative campaign features our Concordia students, alumni, and faculty members who were filmed and photographed on our campus and locations around the Greater Irvine community. The campaign is being rolled out across our website and in various advertising channels and platforms, such as streaming TV, streaming audio, social media, and more.

LEARN MORE
Download Logos and Style Guides

The Concordia brand and marketing resources are designed to inform creative development and ensure apparel, signage, promotional items, and marketing assets are cohesive, consistent, and on brand. Visit our marketing resources page to download logos and the University seal and find guidelines for logo usage, color palette, typography, and more.

VIEW BRAND AND MARKETING RESOURCES
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

