https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/business
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Business Administration Major
Emphases 
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
Business Administration Major
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
What Do You Like About Your Major?
Get Ready to Launch Your Business Career

Prepare yourself for success in today’s complex global marketplace with our multifaceted and customizable bachelor’s degree in business administration. With a focus on putting sound business theory into practice in both for-profit and nonprofit arenas, this major equips you with the necessary skills for today's shared economy.

APPLY NOW

Building on a well-rounded foundation of core courses, you can choose from our 8 areas of specialization to focus your business degree:

Accounting
Business Data Analytics
Business Economics
Healthcare Management
Finance
International Business
Management
Marketing
What Students Are Saying
Concordia's School of Business and Economics has made a difference in my life, and I owe many thanks to the staff and faculty that have supported me throughout these last four years. The textbook knowledge supported by the real world experiences from the professors has added much value for my future business career. I know that the financial and time investment into my education was definitely worth it, and I will carry this experience with me as I transition into my career. Additionally, I have lifelong mentors and coaches in my Concordia professors that I will be reliant upon as my career advances. Thank you, Concordia School of Business and Economics.

Nathan Schult

B.A. Business Administration, Accounting
B.A. Business Administration, Finance

 
 

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
IACBE Accreditation

As you research Business Schools, you may notice that some business programs are accredited by organizations with long acronyms such as AACSB, IACBE, and ACBSP. What is accreditation and why does it matter? Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. The Concordia School of Business and Economics chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with IACBE to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

LEARN MORE
Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s School of Business and Economics are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Next Gen Golf Apparel

Ryan Ellis '03
President of Travis Mathew

Ryan Ellis ’03 helped the Eagles win their first men’s basketball national championship. Today, he is president of Travis Mathew, the hottest men's apparel brand for work and play.

READ STORY
Neighboring Well

Joshua Mundell ’17
Founder, NeighborING

Way back when, people would ask neighborhood kids for help with household chores—moving furniture, hanging pictures or watching children. Joshua Mundell ’17, business graduate and current MBA student, wants to bring those days back—with an entrepreneurial twist.

READ STORY
Out To Pasture

Paul Greive '07
Founder, Primal Pastures

Paul Greive left a steady job to start a pasture-raised chicken farm with his family. The business has found growing success in the past three years.

READ STORY
Where Our Alumni Are Working

The value of an education is demonstrated by the success our graduates enjoy upon completion of their degree. Concordia University Irvine grads are respected in the many industries in which they find skillful work. Here are just a few of the places our alumni have recently been employed.

Adidas
Albertsons Companies, Inc.
KPMG
Los Angeles Clippers
Marriott
Misty May Treanor Sports Complex
Northwestern Mutual
Walt Disney Co.
Opportunities For Business Majors

Today's employers are looking for applicants that work well with a team, are good at decision-making and have excellent communication skills. Our Career Services Office, Business Department, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice these skills outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Business Administration major, you can combine your business emphasis with an additional business emphasis (dual emphasis), a related business minor, another major (dual major), or a pre-professional program. Opportunities also exist where you can earn a dual degree by studying in Paris for a year or transition directly into our MBA program.

Accounting Minor
Business Minor
Business Data Analytics Minor
Economics Minor
Marketing Minor
Sports Business Minor
Economics Major
Actuarial Science Program
Pre-Business Program
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
School of Business and Economics
Extracurricular Activities

The School of Business and Economics offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions with business students from other universities.

Business Insights Series
Center for Global Business
Center for Civics Education
Delta Sigma Pi Business Fraternity
Enactus
Institute for Strategic Marketing
LCEF National Student Marketing Competition
International Business Club
Sports Management Club
Internships

Every student pursuing a bachelor degree in business is required to complete an internship before graduation. Concordia enjoys good working relationships with a large number of businesses in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

Automobile Club of Southern California
Bank of America
Disneyland Resort
Make-A-Wish Foundation
Merrill Lynch
New York Life Insurance Company
Northwestern Mutual
Oakley, Inc.
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Quiksilver
TOMS Shoes
Western Digital Corporation
Curriculum

Here at Concordia , you will benefit from a diverse set of core courses that provide a broad overall business preparation. You can then choose to focus your degree in a specialized area of emphasis. Many of our business students choose to incorporate multiple emphases in their major.

Accounting
Business Data Analytics
Finance
International Business
Management
Marketing
BUSINESS SAMPLE COURSES
ACT 211: Financial Accounting
3

Basic elements of accounting and methods of gathering and reporting financial data will be examined in this course, including a study of financial statements, journalizing financial transactions, merchandising activities, investments in property, plant and equipment; and depreciation as it applies to corporations. Prerequisite: BUS 201.

BUS 251: Legal Environment of Business
3

This course prepares students to think factually and analytically at the areas of law that affect agreements and commerce between individuals and entities in the areas of, but not limited to, contracts, torts, entity formation, agency, real property, estate and trusts and investor protection.


FIN 490A: Professional Development and Internship Emphasis
2

The CUI School of Business and Economics Internship facilitates a student's transition from academic theory to real-life business practices and builds professional networks. An internship related to a student's academic emphasis helps clarify goals, adds value to the CUI academic experience and opens doors to future employment. The course provides practice in the development of a personal brand as well as skills needed in the pursuit of an internship and eventual employment followed by an off-site internship. Students meet with their internship director before beginning the off-site internship for advice and placement approval. Periodic student reports and written feedback from the sponsoring business are required and must demonstrate the skill acquired during the internship. Students must take a minimum cumulative total of two (2) units earned in one (1) unit credit hours. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisites: Business Major with Junior or Senior standing and MGT 321 and BUS 224.

MGT 321: Management
3

This introductory course will look at the areas of planning, organizing, staffing, and controlling with an emphasis on responsibility and authority, delegation and decentralization, line-staff relationship organization charting, communication, and reaction to change Interpersonal skills, motivation, leadership, and organizational resource management will also be studied. Prerequisites: BUS 201 and BUS 224. Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

MKT 341: Marketing
3

This is a survey course of marketing principles and theory. The course supports a practical applied approach to the marketing mix, consumer and industrial markets, market research, plus the challenges of the competitive marketplace. The course also includes an introduction to the issues of globalization. Prerequisite: BUS 201. Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the School of Business and Economics are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with best business practices, real-world experience, as well as a Christian moral, ethical, and value perspective of leadership.

Mark Francis
Director of Sport Business Program & Assistant Professor

Professor Mark Francis’s involvement in local, regional, national, and international sport management has led to his success with the professional sports community throughout Southern California and has helped him secure professional internships for students that have included the LA Angels, LA Dodgers, San Diego Padres, Steinberg Sports & Entertainment, Golden Boy Promotions, Sports 1 Marketing, LA Galaxy, Rose Bowl, and the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.

Read More »

Kim Chatani
Full-Time Faculty

Professor Kim Chatani is an Adjunct MBA professor and teaches Accounting and Finance undergraduate courses. He has had an impressive career, with experience including numerous senior level positions at notable organizations and audit and consulting clientele including many global and large enterprises. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), Certified Internal Services Auditor (CISA), and a Forensic Certified Public Accountant (FCPA). He is also a published author and expert on the topics of fraud and cyber-security.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

BUSINESS FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Resources

Learn more about Concordia's School of Business and Economics from the student handbook.

STUDENT HANDBOOK

Get In Touch

For more information about any of the many rewarding education programs at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

 

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

