https://www.cui.edu/webteam/mycui-promotion-policy
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Web Team
Website Request
Common Styles
Survey
Faculty Form
UG Majors Project
MyCUI Promotion Policy
MYCUI PROMOTION POLICY
Web Team
Mission/Purpose

To foster community amongst our students and enhance their engagement to the campus, strengthen their sense of belonging and positively influence their overall Concordia Experience.

Value

Student involvement in our co­curricular campus activities plays a significant role in contributing to their holistic development as a person. Being socially integrated into campus life leads to student persistence.

Target Audience

Current students.

Strategy

MyCUI is the target audience's most frequented page on the website. With the intention of being student­-focused, this webpage will display visually engaging promotions* in a slideshow format to make students aware of upcoming events**.

*The MyCUI slides are strictly reserved to promote large events that are planned for all students (e.g. Homecoming, 5k Eagle Race, Night of Hope, Friday night student activities, CUI Bono Lectures, campus speakers, etc.).
**In order to maintain trust amongst the students, this will not be a space for marketing or fundraising.

Limits
Five slides at any given time***
Slides will run at least a week before the event***
Slides will always appear in chronological order with evergreen / non-date specific events last***

***The Marketing department will use discretion to determine if more slides can be posted, the duration of each promotion, and the order in which they are promoted.

Design

The Marketing department will maintain a standard of design on the website by either:

Creating the slide in-house, or
Approving user-generated slides

In order to abide by current web accessibility standards, we will not display MyCUI slides with text saved on the image file. All copy will be automatically overlaid on the image or graphic using HTML. The information that is displayed on each slide will include:****

Title of slide
Subtitle/description
Date & location
Optional button for more information

****The Marketing department will use discretion to determine the best way to render the information that is provided.

Dimensions

Saved for web at 630px by 410px

Submitting Your Request

The Marketing department will oversee the approval and visibility of slides and determine priority based on the current amount of requests. Marketing will offer suggestions to maximize the success of your promotion.

Submit your request at least 2 weeks before the event to ensure the Marketing department has adequate time to design and display your ad.

Event Name: 
Event Description:
Event Location:
Event Date
Event Start Time:
Event End Time:
Slide Start Date: 
Slide End Date: 
Event's CUI Website Link(if applicable):
Logo, Photo, or Graphics:
 Add files...
 
Requester's First & Last Name:
Requester's Email Address:

Please email webteam@cui.edu with any logos, photos, or graphics that might be relevant to be used in the slide if the Marketing department will be creating the slide (the Marketing department will use their expertise to determine the best layout/design). Submit your request at least 2 weeks before the event to ensure the Marketing department has adequate time to design and display your ad. Upon its posting, if there is a mistake in the information presented, please notify webteam@cui.edu by replying to the ticket notification you received when it was completed.

SUBMIT
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

