she can use her knowledge, experience, and passion for education in her role as an Instructional Designer at Concordia University Irvine.

Academic Media Development

We love to share our expertise in support of academic media initiatives by incorporating media-based methods of instruction and interactivity into courses, seminars, speaking engagements, workshops, and trainings. In addition, we can create video lessons and animations to augment your on campus, online, or hybrid course. We would love to collaborate with you - please contact us.

LEARN MORE
Alex Ray
Director, Academic Media Development
(949) 214-3432
alex.ray@cui.edu
Director, Academic Media Development
Biography

After earning his B.S. in Aquatic Biology at the University of California, Santa Barbara, Alex Ray worked as a field scientist conducting subtidal marine surveys with the PISCO Lab at the northern Channel Islands off the coast of Santa Barbara and Ventura. The purpose of the surveys was to monitor and assess the effectiveness of marine protected areas in supporting wildlife populations and biodiversity. Some of the results and conclusions can be found at CINMS After 10 Years.

Alex ultimately left fieldwork to return to school to obtain his single-subject teaching credentials in biology, chemistry, and geosciences from the University of California, Irvine. His work in the credential program eventually led to a master of science degree from UCI in Biological Sciences and Educational Media Design. This in turn led to his work on a multiyear National Science Foundation grant tasked with investigating the effects of arts-science integrated curricula on student achievement in earth, life, and physical sciences. Publications of results are pending.

In 2016, Alex came to Concordia University Irvine to join the Office of Innovative Instruction and eLearning where he currently serves as Director of Academic Media Development. Although his responsibilities vary, his academic and research interests are focused on efficient leveraging of media to support student learning in ways that weren’t readily accessible during his own undergraduate and graduate school education. Of particular interest to him is the concept of tailoring asynchronous design to meet students’ spatial and temporal limitations through the use of intentional versus opportunistic learning opportunities and matching them to appropriate instructional media.

Alex and his wife, Jess, live in Dana Point with their two children. When he can get the time, he enjoys free diving and spearfishing off the California and Baja coastlines and, after a good day on the water, feeding his family freshly caught treats from the deep.

Faculty Training and Development

The Department of Faculty Training and Development (FTD) is part of the Office of Innovative Instruction and eLearning. FTD (formerly CELT) facilitates the creation and support of diverse learner-centered teaching environments. Request individual or group training on educational technologies.

LEARN MORE
Dr. John Randall
Senior Director, Office of Innovative Instruction and eLearning
(949) 214-3358
john.randall@cui.edu
Senior Director, Office of Innovative Instruction and eLearning
Biography

Dr. John Randall has been helping others use technology in educational settings since 1994. His professional career began as a corporate instructor who trained employees on various software applications. In 1998, John accepted the position of Technology Coordinator at Abiding Savior Lutheran Church and School in Lake Forest, California, where he taught computer classes, managed the network, servers, and website, as well as helped teachers use technology in a sound pedagogical manner. In 2004, he began teaching for Concordia University Irvine as an adjunct professor in the School of Education. In 2007, he took a full-time position with Concordia Irvine as a professor of Instructional Design as well as the Senior Director of Faculty Training and Development. In 2016, John earned his Doctorate in Education with an emphasis in Learning Technologies from Pepperdine University.

Sample Media
Promotional Video Sample
eLesson Sample
Event Production Sample
Video Lesson Sample
Animation Lesson Sample
Video Interview Sample
eLesson/Video Combo Sample


Previous


Next
VIEW ALL SAMPLE MEDIA
Request Services

Use the button below to request services from OIIE.
The OIIE Request Services form is owned by ITS, and it is used to route requests to OIIE via a ticketing system.

CLICK HERE TO REQUEST SERVICES FROM OIIE

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

