https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/provost/office-of-innovative-instruction-and-elearning
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Office of Innovative Instruction and eLearning
Faculty Training
Instructional Design
Academic Media
Sample Media
OIIE Team
OFFICE OF INNOVATIVE INSTRUCTION AND ELEARNING (OIIE)

The Office of Innovative Instruction and eLearning (OIIE) collaborates with schools within Concordia University Irvine to identify and develop academic programs, innovate instructional strategies based in research and learning theory, and support faculty in the design, development, and delivery of learning experiences that foster wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens.

Instructional Design

Academic Media

Faculty Training

Sample Media

OIIE Media Highlights
Instructional Design and Development

The OIIE is committed to providing our faculty with the best available tools and resources to promote deep learning and meaningful experiences for students. In working with an instructional designer, you may develop new media for instruction, improve course organization, connect course activities that focus on student outcomes, or consider student situational outcomes when delivering course curriculum. Contact us to learn how our Instructional Designers can assist you.

LEARN MORE
Seema Atalla
Director, Instructional Design
(949) 214-3437
seema.atalla@cui.edu
Director, Instructional Design
Biography

After studying comparative literature at UCLA, Seema Atalla began her career as a literary translator and community college professor. She taught in the English department at Mt. San Antonio College for nearly ten years, focusing mainly on developmental writing courses. She also initiated development of the Arabic language program for the Department of World Languages, writing curriculum and creating instructional materials, then becoming the first to teach Arabic classes at Mt. SAC.

Eventually she returned to graduate school to earn her M.S. in Instructional Design and Technology from Cal State Fullerton, completing a five-semester cohort-based program with honors. Her thesis project focused on high-impact practices that foster student engagement.

In 2015, Seema joined Concordia University Irvine as Assistant Director of Instructional Design. She served in that position for nearly three years, before her promotion to the role of Director in August 2018. As Director, she is tasked with managing online course development across all programs. She also continues to work one-on-one with subject matter experts to design and develop individual courses. At Concordia University Irvine, Seema appreciates the warm and welcoming community, and the chance to work with so many staff and faculty members across campus. She also enjoys the opportunities for Christian fellowship, and especially loves the traditional hymns at Tuesday-Thursday chapel.

Sarah Yoon
Instructional Designer
(949) 214-3435
sarah.yoon1@cui.edu
Instructional Designer
Biography

After studying history at UC Irvine, Sarah decided that she wanted to be a high school teacher. Shortly after graduation, she went on a 6-month mission trip to Japan that changed her life and her goals. During her mission trip, she saw how the English language could bridge gaps between cultures, so she changed her focus from history to English as a second language (ESL).

Sarah earned her M.A. Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages (TESOL) degree from Biola University. She started her teaching career at a small college. Then, she began teaching at a private school in Anaheim where she remained for the next six years. After her 7 ½ years in education, she began pursuing a career in instructional design.

Sarah completed her certification in eLearning Instructional Design from UCI. Prior to joining Concordia University Irvine, she worked for Orange County, creating multiple courses for its employees in OCPW. She is excited that she can use her knowledge, experience, and passion for education in her role as an Instructional Designer at Concordia University Irvine.

Academic Media Development

We love to share our expertise in support of academic media initiatives by incorporating media-based methods of instruction and interactivity into courses, seminars, speaking engagements, workshops, and trainings. In addition, we can create video lessons and animations to augment your on campus, online, or hybrid course. We would love to collaborate with you - please contact us.

LEARN MORE
Alex Ray
Director, Academic Media Development
(949) 214-3432
alex.ray@cui.edu
Director, Academic Media Development
Biography

After earning his B.S. in Aquatic Biology at the University of California, Santa Barbara, Alex Ray worked as a field scientist conducting subtidal marine surveys with the PISCO Lab at the northern Channel Islands off the coast of Santa Barbara and Ventura. The purpose of the surveys was to monitor and assess the