https://www.cui.edu/webteam
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Web Team
Website Request
Common Styles
Survey
Faculty Form
UG Majors Project
MyCUI Promotion Policy
WEB TEAM
Concordia University Irvine

Dedicated to authentically portraying the culture, mission, and beliefs of Concordia Irvine, the Web Team studies the way users interact with our web site and intersect with relevant market trends.

Users

By constantly examining the way users move through pages (web traffic analysis) we keep a pulse on the website. We then ask questions: "Are people finding what they need without difficulty?" "Is content accurate?" "Is text readable?" "Are features consistent with the users' expectations?"

Keeping in mind that answers change as users change, we creatively meet the user in the moment.

Trends and Market

The landscape of the internet changes dramatically and quickly. Twenty years ago websites were virtually nonexistent. Now they are the most common way of accessing information. Delivery systems, coding platforms, and the language of the web change dramatically every few years. As a result, we are constantly studying and researching the art and science of websites. And the study isn't simply for fun, it's about keeping Concordia University Irvine relevant and connecting with users in the most powerful way possible. Anything short of that and users will begin making negative judgments.

The Heart of Concordia

Staff, faculty, administration, alumni, and students are the heart of Concordia. Our goal is to feature the heart strongly and positively in light of the University's mission and beliefs.

We ask you to contribute to your department pages by submitting tickets to our Web Help Desk. Most tickets are handled within 1 to 3 business days. Larger pieces of work will be deemed "projects" and go through a planning and scheduling process.

Please fill out our survey if you have comments.

updated 2022-02-03

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

