https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/business/business-data-analytics
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Business Administration Major
Emphases 
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION MAJOR
Business Data Analytics Emphasis
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Join the Growing Feild of Big Data
What Do You Like About Your Major?
‌
Previous Video
‌
Next Video

The business data analytics emphasis is one of the first of its kind in the nation to explore the science of big data. Big data is all about the transformation of data from traditionally unconnected sources into powerful and predictive information that allows businesses to make better decisions and drive optimal results. In these courses, you will investigate the principles of data representation, management, statistical modeling, and analysis, and then apply these concepts to uncover patterns, relationships, and trends.

Big data is a career field with boundless opportunities – having created an estimated 4.4 million jobs in 2015. There will be plenty of career opportunities for analysts in the fields of business, nonprofit, science, engineering management, healthcare, finance, and government. Yet researchers predict that only one-third of these jobs will be filled because of the lack of qualified candidates.

With a degree in Business Administration: Business Data Analytics, some of the jobs and skill sets you will be prepared for include:

APPLY NOW

Fraud detection
Applied statistics
Manufacturing design
Supply chain management
Traffic management
Mortgage loans
Trust management
Private banking
Customer service
Actuary science
Hotel management
Packaging analytics
What Students Are Saying
Because of Business Data Analytics I was able to receive great internships with NeighborING as a Business Development Associate, a Financial Analyst at KSSF Enterprise Limited, and working a summer internship at the Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts in Shanghai.

Rowena '20
Data Analysis Intern at Chinese Merchant Securities

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
IACBE Accreditation

As you research Business Schools, you may notice that some business programs are accredited by organizations with long acronyms such as AACSB, IACBE, and ACBSP. What is accreditation and why does it matter? Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. The Concordia School of Business and Economics chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with IACBE to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

LEARN MORE
Opportunities For Business Majors

Today's employers are looking for applicants that work well with a team, are good at decision-making and have excellent communication skills. Our Career Services Office, Business Department, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice these skills outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Business Administration major, you can combine your business emphasis with an additional business emphasis (dual emphasis), a related business minor, another major (dual major), or a pre-professional program. Opportunities also exist where you can earn a dual degree by studying in Paris for a year or transition directly into our MBA program.

Accounting Minor
Business Minor
Business Data Analytics Minor
Economics Minor
Marketing Minor
Sports Business Minor
Economics Major
Actuarial Science Program
Pre-Business Program
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
School of Business and Economics
Extracurricular Activities

The School of Business and Economics offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions with business students from other universities.

Business Insights Series
Center for Global Business
Center for Civics Education
Delta Sigma Pi Business Fraternity
Enactus
Institute for Strategic Marketing
LCEF National Student Marketing Competition
International Business Club
Sports Management Club
Internships

Every student pursuing a bachelor degree in business is required to complete an internship before graduation. Concordia enjoys good working relationships with a large number of businesses in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

Automobile Club of Southern California
Bank of America
Disneyland Resort
Make-A-Wish Foundation
Merrill Lynch
New York Life Insurance Company
Northwestern Mutual
Oakley, Inc.
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Quiksilver
TOMS Shoes
Western Digital Corporation
Curriculum

This flo