https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/maed/educational-administration/inquiry-form
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

MAED: Educational Administration

Program Design 
Credentials 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Meetings
Contact 
Apply Now
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATION: EDUCATIONAL ADMINISTRATION
School of Education
EXPLORE 
Nnenna Okpara MAED ’14, EdD ’18
Passion Continuing to Grow
Educational Administration
Master of Arts in Education

Designed for working educators, the Master of Arts in Educational Administration cohort-based program is designed to prepare future leaders in private or public K-12 education. Concordia University Irvine’s program provides the opportunity for teachers to continue working while taking one to two courses at a time. The program equips aspiring administrators to make strategic decisions, effectively lead, nurture, and sustain school cultures conducive to student learning. The MAEd Educational Administration degree program is standards based and allows candidates to earn a Preliminary Administrative Services Credential while demonstrating competencies in the CalAPA cycles while earning a Master’s degree. The Concordia Master of Arts in Education: Educational Administration program is compliant with CalAPA. The program is offered online.

Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

SEND NOW
Curriculum Overview

The MAED program requires a minimum of 30 units and can be completed full time in 14 months. MAED coursework integrates applicable research and initiatives enabling teachers to become leaders in elementary and secondary education, and develop collaborative action research skills.

SAMPLE COURSES
EDEL 510: Servant Leadership
3

This course will present the value of incorporating the servant leadership model into one’s repertoire as an educational leader today. Students will identify key characteristics and strategies that will enhance their legacy as a leader who galvanizes positive changes in the lives of students, colleagues, parents, and the overall school culture.

EDUA 556: Legal and Political Aspects in Education
3

This course will explore the shaping of education in America by law and the legal system as students are encouraged to become familiar with the manner in which courts operate, how they make their decisions, and the impact of their decisions on education and educational policy.


EDUA 557: Human Resources
3

This course will examine the trends, issues, scope, and practices of personnel administration in schools and address issues of personnel management strategies, theories of managing school personnel, and the evaluation protocol for classified and certificated personnel.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Mentorship

Throughout your coursework, you will be guided through 100 hours of practicum with a credentialed veteran practitioner. The credentialed veteran practitioner, along with your Concordia-based administrative supervisor, will coordinate and partner to help guide and provide you an enriched practicum experience.

Start Term	Start Date
Summer 1	May 6, 2024
Summer 2	June 24, 2024

All dates subject to change without notice. Always check dates with your advisor before finalizing any trips.

MAED Term Start Dates

Complete your Master's degree in Educational Administration by enrolling in our advanced online degree program. Our program is designed for the working professional. Gain the knowledge, confidence and experience needed to prosper in your career under the guidance and mentorship of expert practitioners.

APPLY NOW

Cohort-based Programs

The MAED: Educational Administration degree cohort-based program is directed toward the preparation of K-12 master classroom teachers and is offered fully online.

Success Spotlight
Natalie Elliot: Teacher of the Year

Recently, one of Concordia's own was recognized by the second largest school district in the nation--Los Angeles Unified School District--for her achievements as a teacher at an elementary school in the Watts section of Los Angeles. A graduate of the School of Education's Master's program at Concordia University Irvine, Natalie Elliott of Huntington Beach knew since third grade that she wanted to be a teacher.

Passion Continuing to Grow: Nnenna Okpara

Nnenna Okpara, MAED ’14, EdD '18 grew up in Nigeria with her grandfather, one of the premiers of the country. At age 12, she came to the U.S. and found her passion in special education.

Graduation Fee
Tuition/Fee	Summer '24, Fall '24 / Spring '25
Non-refundable Application Fee	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: International	$150

Student Success Fee	$50
Cost per Unit	$685
Tuition & Financial Aid

Concordia’s School of Education offers a competitively priced fully online degree program. For your convenience we offer payment plans fo