https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/visit/saturday-brunch
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Visit Concordia University Irvine
Admissions Events
Meet Your Counselor
Talk to a Professor
Contact 
Schedule a Visit
Saturday Brunch Tour 
UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS
Saturday Brunch Tours

Spend a Saturday morning with us as you tour our beautiful campus and enjoy our weekend brunch in the cafeteria.

For more information, please contact visit and event services by phone at (949)214-3668 or by email at visitsandevents@cui.edu.

Schedule of Events
10:15 AM - 10:30 AM	Check-in at the Welcome Center
10:30 AM - 11:00 AM	Admissions Session
11:00 AM - 12:00 AM	Campus Tour
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM	Brunch in the Cafeteria*

*For those wishing to attend the campus tour only, brunch is optional.

‌
Fly-in Reimbursement

To make it more feasible for prospective students to visit Concordia University Irvine, we offer a one-time reimbursement of up to $500* for your own flight to visit us on campus.

You must be enrolled as a full-time undergraduate student through the first two weeks of the semester you start at Concordia University Irvine to be eligible for reimbursement.
The reimbursement program applies to an individual campus visit or event coordinated by the Office of Undergraduate Admissions prior to the start of the semester. It does not apply to travel for move-in day or the start of school.
Please purchase your flight upon confirmation of your visit by the Office of Undergraduate Admissions.

Important: To make the most of your visit, please speak with your admissions counselor before purchasing your flight.

*Due to NCAA legislation, prospective student-athletes may not be eligible for this one-time reimbursement. If you have any questions, please contact your Head Coach or the Associate Athletic Director for Compliance.

Recommended Airports
John Wayne Airport, Orange County (SNA): Driving time to campus is approximately 17 minutes [8.1 miles].
Long Beach Airport (LGB): Driving time is approximately 29 minutes [25.8 miles].
Los Angeles International Airport (LAX): Driving time is approximately 1 hour and 10 minutes [44.7 miles].
Ontario International Airport (ONT): Driving time is approximately 1 hour [46.5 miles].
‌
Hotel & Travel Information

We partner with local hotels to offer a discounted rate to our visitors.

 

Ayres Hotel & Suites
Request Concordia rate

Wyndham - Irvine/Orange County Airport Hotel
Request Concordia rate

Doubletree Hotel - Irvine Spectrum
Offers shuttle to Concordia for $1.50 per person each way

Atrium Style Quality Suites Hotel
Offers complimentary shuttle to/from Concordia and John Wayne Airport

Watch Our Aerial Tour
View Our Campus Gallery
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

