https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/concordia-compass-webinars
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Visit Concordia University Irvine
Admissions Events
Meet Your Counselor
Talk to a Professor
Contact 
Schedule a Visit
Concordia Compass Webinars
Navigating your college journey

Navigating the path to college can seem daunting, but Concordia faculty and staff are here to guide you every step of the way! Join our team as they help you prepare for your journey to Concordia University Irvine. They’ll cover a variety of topics, from living on campus, planning courses, and athletics to student services and more.

MAR

13

Athletics at Concordia
Presenter: Crystal Rosenthal | 5:00 PM PT

You’re invited to hear from Concordia’s Athletic Director, Crystal Rosenthal, as she shares about CUI Athletics. Get an overview of Concordia’s 22 athletic teams and what it is like to be a student-athlete at Concordia. Learn about the balance between athletics and academics, scholarships available, our conferences, and travel requirements. You’ll also hear about the recent upgrades to our athletic facilities along with plans for a new athletic fitness and training center. Time for Q & A will follow the presentation.

RSVP HERE

APR

3

Honors Program at Concordia
Presenters: C.J. Armstrong, Sarah Karam, Kristen Koenig | 5:00 PM PT

Join our Honors Program director, Rev. Dr. C.J. Armstrong, and professors who teach in the program to learn more about Concordia’s prestigious Honors Program. Concordia’s Honors professors will also discuss the academic requirements and benefits of the Honors Program, research opportunities, speaker series, and other co-curricular activities available to Honors students. Time for Q & A will follow the presentation.

RSVP HERE

APR

16

Campus Life at Concordia
Presenters: Megan Bouslaugh, Laura Courvoisier, Mariah Lucas, Monique Nunes | 5:00 PM PT

Meet Concordia University Irvine's student affairs team for an inside look at campus life! In this informative webinar, our team will highlight on-campus housing and residential life, academic support services, campus ministry, student organizations, and unique programs like #CalifornianiansForAll College Corps and campus employment. You’ll also hear intramurals and the Hunt for the Golden Eagle, our unique spirit initiative. Discover everything you need to know to make Concordia a home away from home. Time for Q & A will follow the presentation.

RSVP HERE

MAY

9

Academics and Student Success
Presenters: Laura Courvoisier and Kerri Tom | 5:00 PM PT

In this informative webinar, get the inside scoop on the course enrollment process, building your class schedule, our Q&I core curriculum, and student success services. Hear more about support systems like academic advising, career services, disability access services, tutoring, and our writing studio that are in place to help you succeed as you transition to college-level academics. Time for Q & A will follow the presentation.

RSVP HERE

JUNE

17

Open Forum with Concordia Leadership
Presenters: Scott Ashmon, Megan Bouslaugh, Tim Odle, and Michael Thomas | 5:00 PM PT

After a brief presentation highlighting the undergraduate student experience at Concordia and what makes Concordia stand apart, webinar attendees will have the opportunity to engage with Concordia University Irvine leadership team, including university president Dr. Michael Thomas, in an open forum style to help answer any questions incoming parents and students have while preparing to attend Concordia.

RSVP HERE

JULY

17

Preparing for WOW (Week of Welcome)
Presenters: Jessica James, Amanda Norris, PAL/PAC student | 5:00 PM PT

Join Concordia University Irvine’s student affairs team to help prepare for your arrival on campus as a new Golden Eagle! Learn what to expect during your first week on campus, from the move-in day schedule and logistics to orientation for new students and families. Attendees will also have the chance to ask current students questions and get advice on making the most of their first year at Concordia.

RSVP HERE

Watch Our Aerial Tour
View Our Campus Gallery
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

