https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/nursing/accelerated-bsn/purposes-and-learning-outcomes
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Nursing Program | ABSN

About 
Admission Requirements
Curriculum 
Nursing Team
Tuition
FAQs
Blog
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
ABSN Program Learning Outcomes
Apply clinical judgment in developing compassionate, culturally-sensitive care, integrating patients' and family's preferences, values, and needs.
Function effectively as a member of the inter-professional healthcare team in providing safe patient care.
Integrate best current evidence from scientific and other credible sources as a basis for developing individualized patient-centered plans of care.
Utilize evidence-based information and technology skills that are essential for nursing practice, healthcare education and professional nursing issues that impact patients, the profession, and communities.
Analyze quality improvement data for the implementation of safe, quality patient care including wellness and prevention strategies.
Provide high quality health care while minimizing safety risks and environmental hazards in healthcare settings.
Utilize leadership, management, delegation, and priority-setting skills to support quality patient-centered care.
Integrate professional standards of practice, professional values, regulatory guidelines, and institutional policies that direct quality patient-centered care and the practice of nursing.
Apply human caring processes guided by Christian principles and ethics to enhance healthcare encounters for self, colleagues, patients, families, and communities.
Clearly articulate nursing-related content in written and oral form to the inter-professional team, instructors, patients, families, and communities.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

