he application deadline.
Admission interviews are required and by invitation only.
Accelerated BSN (ABSN) Required Supporting Documentations
ABSN Application Procedure
ABSN Application Checklist - New Applicant
ABSN Application Checklist – Re-Applicant
Letters of Recommendation (2 required):
Online
Printable PDF
Healthcare Hours Verification Form 
Statement of Intent / Personal Essay 
Background Check Waiver Form
Pre-Requisite Plan Form
Official College Transcript(s)
ABSN Prerequisite Courses

With the exception of Foundation in Christian Theology and New Testament study, students may transfer all required pre-requisite units from any regionally accredited institution*. All science classes must also include a laboratory portion and be completed within 5 years of intended admission term. Online science classes that solely rely on virtual laboratories will not be accepted. However, online science classes that incorporate home-kit laboratories are acceptable. View the complete list of accelerated nursing program prerequisites here.

Applicants are allowed to have a maximum of three (3) classes in-progress at the time of application with proof of enrollment (i.e. payment receipt and/or unofficial transcripts).

*Coursework will be evaluated for transferability at the time of application.

ABSN Program Admission Deadline*

The ABSN program admits students three times per year: Spring, Summer, and Fall terms. Nursing admissions will be transitioning to the rolling admission model starting with the Summer 2024 cohort.

Completed applications will be reviewed using the following guideline:

Intended term: Summer 2024 (Classes begin in May 2024)

Application review starts:
mid September 2023
The last day to apply*:
January 15, 2024 (for Irvine on-ground campus)
March 15, 2024 (for Rancho Cucamonga hybrid campus)

Intended term: Fall 2024 (Classes begins in August 2024)

Application review starts:
early November 2023
The last day to apply*:
June 1, 2024 (for Irvine on-ground campus)
July 5, 2024 (for Rancho Cucamonga hybrid campus)

* If last day to apply falls on a public holiday or weekend, the date will automatically be forwarded to the following business day.

Nursing Admission Contacts
Phone: (949)-214-3846
Email: ABSN@cui.edu
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

