https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/nursing/accelerated-bsn/admission-requirements
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Nursing Program | ABSN

About 
Admission Requirements
Curriculum 
Nursing Team
Tuition
FAQs
Blog
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
ABSN Requirements for Admission

Concordia University Irvine’s Accelerated BSN program has several ABSN requirements for incoming students. If you’re interested in receiving your 15-month accelerated nursing education at Concordia, you can start by reviewing the criteria and steps below.

This is the general profile of successful candidates in the past.

APPLY NOW

Download International Application ($150 application fee)

Steps in the Admission Process

Here is a step-by-step breakdown of the process of applying to the Accelerated BSN program. If you have any questions about Concordia’s ABSN program, reach out to an admissions counselor to receive personalized guidance.

Contact an admissions counselor to evaluate your academic background, decide on a planned start date, and make a prerequisite completion plan.
Finish any needed prerequisites and meet all GPA and course requirements.
Apply for admission by completing the online application and mailing all supplemental documentation to the Concordia admissions office (See full list of documentation requirements below).
Finish the two remaining prerequisite courses (if incomplete when you applied) and send updated transcript to Concordia.
If asked to interview, complete the Concordia admissions interview process.
Admissions Support

Our admissions counselors are committed to helping you navigate your pre-nursing school journey. They are a resource for you, and you can reach out to them at any point in the process. When you contact our admission office, you’ll be matched with a counselor, and that person will help you in the following ways:

Advise you on the ABSN requirements and your eligibility for the program.
Answer your questions about the admissions process or the ABSN program.
Help you plan a start date.
Determine if any of your prior courses meet our prerequisite requirements, and create a prerequisite completion plan.
Assist with completing your ABSN application and submitting documentation.

Contact our admissions counselors today to learn more about the ABSN application process. Concordia is dedicated to guiding you along your journey to a meaningful career in nursing.

ABSN Admission Requirements
ABSN applicants must have completed a Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Arts in any discipline or a minimum of 65 non-nursing college credits from a regionally accredited institution. Students will be able to transfer a maximum of seventy five (75) units total from a previous degree, including pre-requisite courses.
Minimum required cumulative GPA is 3.25 (on a 4.0 scale). Cumulative GPA refers to the combination of bachelor degree and classes taken after degree completion.
Prerequisite courses must be completed with a minimum cumulative GPA of B (3.0) or higher and a "C" or better must be earned in each course, except the science courses (see below). Complete list of pre-classes is listed here.
Each science prerequisite class with lab must be completed with grade “B-” or higher. Must have been completed within the last five years of intended admission term. Of the four science prerequisite courses only two of them can be repeated once.
Completion of a minimum of 100 hours of qualifying patient care experiences, with at least 75 hours needing to be completed at the time of submitting an application. Examples (but not limited to): Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA), COPE Health Scholar/Clinical Care Extender, Emergency Medical Technician (EMT), Medical Assistant (back office), Home Health Aide, and Physical Therapy (PT) Aide.
Submit an online application to the ABSN program. All supporting documents, as listed on the application checklist, must be submitted by the application deadline.
Admission interviews are required and by invitation only.
Accelerated BSN (ABSN) Required Supporting Documentations
ABSN Application Procedure
ABSN Application Checklist - New Applicant
ABSN Application Checklist – Re-Applicant
Letters of Recommendation (2 required):
Online
Printable PDF
Healthcare Hours Verification Form 
Statement of Intent / Personal Essay 
Background Check Waiver Form
Pre-Requisite Plan Form
Official College Transcript(s)
ABSN Prerequisite Courses

With the exception of Foundation in Christian Theology and New Testament study, students may transfer all required pre-requisite units from any regionally accredited institution*. All science classes must also include a laboratory portion and be completed within 5 years of intended admission term. Online science classes that solely rely on virtual laboratories will not be accepted. However, online science classes that incorporate home-kit laboratories are acceptable. View the complete list of acc