pmental Psychology (birth to death)
3

This course must be a Psychology class that covers human development from Infancy through old age (death). Human development might be considered as a substitute if the course covered psychological development over the human lifespan. No other substitution is allowed.

Oral Communication++
3

"Interpersonal Communication” class is preferred. Public speaking class is acceptable. Substitution and online classes are not accepted, i.e. life experience and/or courses in which speeches or presentations were given, etc. Small Group Communication is not an accepted course.

Written Communication
3

College level writing composition or higher is acceptable. If the student took it as an AP Course, an official scores transcript from College Board must be submitted showing a score of 5 or higher.

Introduction to Sociology or Cultural Anthropology
3

Must be a general or introductory course that covers the broad subject of sociology or anthropology. Upper division classes are not acceptable. Sociology and/or Anthropology course, which only cover specific cultures/topic are not acceptable.

NTHL 101: Foundations of Christian Theology+
3

This course will study the source of Christian theology, namely the Holy Scriptures. Drawing upon the Scriptures as well as historical and doctrinal writings by Christian theologians, students will examine major teachings of the Christian faith with differing understandings of these teachings being explored when appropriate, enabling them to understand and articulate the basic tenets of Christianity.

NTHL 202: New Testament+
3

Through an historical and literary survey of the New Testament, this course will emphasize theological themes and their relevance for Christian faith and life.

Key

* Coursework will be evaluated for transferability at the time of application.

** Must be completed within 5 years of intended admission term.

# Must be completed within 7 years of intended admission term.

+ Must be completed at Concordia University Irvine after acceptance to the ABSN program. Offered 100% online.

++Small Group Communication is not an approved course for Oral Communication.

Due to the unprecedented situation regarding COVID-19, the Department of Nursing has approved the following in regards to online science/communication classes:
Online science (and labs) and/or communication classes completed in Spring 2020 through Spring 2022 will be given exceptions when on-ground labs/classes are otherwise not available. 
Online science and/or communication classes must be completed at regionally accredited colleges and/or universities.   
Complete syllabus for the online science classes with labs, completed in Spring 2020 through Spring 2022, must be submitted at the time of application to the ABSN program.  
Online science and/or communication classes completed prior to the Spring 2020 semester and/or after the Spring 2022 semesterare not eligible for exceptions.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

