https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/nursing/accelerated-bsn/prerequisite-courses
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Nursing Program | ABSN

About 
Admission Requirements
Curriculum 
Nursing Team
Tuition
FAQs
Blog
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
Curriculum
ABSN Prerequisite Courses

Concordia University Irvine’s Accelerated BSN program is an intensive 15-month nursing program where students with a non-nursing bachelor’s degree or a minimum of 65 non-nursing college credits can earn a BSN degree. Because of the intensive nature of this accelerated program, it is vital to start the program with the background knowledge needed to succeed. Therefore, we require several ABSN prerequisites.

You may have already completed many of these courses through your prior college credits, especially if you majored in the sciences. Your admissions counselor will review your educational history with you to determine which prerequisites can be met by transferring credits from your prior courses and which you still need to complete. Together, you will develop a plan for completing the remaining prerequisites.

ABSN Prerequisite Courses for Concordia

With the exception of NTHL 101 and NTHL 202, students may transfer all required pre-requisite units from any regionally accredited institution*. Online science classes that solely rely on virtual laboratories will not be accepted. However, online science classes that incorporate home-kit laboratories are acceptable.(Refer to the end of the page for current exceptions).

Applicants may choose to complete prerequisite classes at Concordia University Irvine as "non-degree seeking" students. These classes will be offered as undergraduate classes which will follow Concordia University Irvine's catalog requirement and undergraduate's schedules. Non-degree seeking students are limited to twelve (12) units per semester.

View courses APPROVED by the Department of Nursing to satisfy ABSN prerequisites from several area California Community Colleges»

View Advanced Placement (AP) scores APPROVED by the Department of Nursing to satisfy ABSN prerequisites.

 

 

COURSES
43 Units
Chemistry** (with lab)
4

Chemistry course must be college-level coursework (i.e General Chemistry). Chemistry class that is specific for allied health majors (pre-nursing, pre-medicine, pre-dentistry) is preferred. Preparatory Chemistry, Introduction to General Chemistry or Chemistry for non-science major are not acceptable.

Human Anatomy** (with lab)
4

The course must be an Anatomy course with an emphasis on overall human organ systems. Specific Anatomy classes will not be accepted (i.e. skeletal and/or muscular anatomy).

Human Physiology** (with lab)
4

The course must be a Physiology course with an emphasis on overall human organ systems. Specific Physiology classes will not be accepted (i.e. systematic and/or skeletal physiology).

Human Anatomy and Human Physiology may be taken as combination courses that span over 2 semesters (i.e. A&P 1 and A&P 2). Total combination units for Anatomy and Physiology must be at least 8 units and completed at the same institution.

Microbiology** (with lab)
4

The course must cover all of the different organisms (viruses, bacteria, protozoa, etc). Specific microbiology courses will not be accepted (i.e. Bacteriology, Virology, etc).

Human Nutrition#
3

The course must cover nutrients, diseases, dietary intake and health process. Nutrition classes that fall under Physical Education, Kinesiology, and/or Personal Health may not be acceptable.

Statistics - Mathematics
3

A basic statistic course applicable to education, business, and the hard sciences. Topics must include descriptive statistics, the normal, binomial, F-, and Chi-squared distributions and hypothesis testing.

General Psychology
3

Must be an Introductory or general psychology course. No upper division and/or specific coursework will be accepted.

Lifespan Developmental Psychology (birth to death)
3

This course must be a Psychology class that covers human development from Infancy through old age (death). Human development might be considered as a substitute if the course covered psychological development over the human lifespan. No other substitution is allowed.

Oral Communication++
3

"Interpersonal Communication” class is preferred. Public speaking class is acceptable. Substitution and online classes are not accepted, i.e. life experience and/or courses in which speeches or presentations were given, etc. Small Group Communication is not an accepted course.

Written Communication
3

College level writing composition or higher is acceptable. If the student took it as an AP Course, an official scores transcript from College Board must be submitted showing a score of 5 or higher.

Introduction to Sociology or Cultural Anthropology
3

Must be a general or introductory course that covers the broad subject of sociology or anthropology. Upper divi