tal for Early Nutrition 2018.
Interventions in Critical Care for 2018
Resilience Training in new graduates 2018
Publications/Presentations

Have been involved with clinical narratives that was published for St. Joseph hospital as part of the clinical ladder.

Chatwin, Heather MSN, RN
 
heather.chatwin@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Nursing

Heather Chatwin graduated from Concordia University’s ABSN program cohort 9, in 2013. She began her nursing career on an orthopedic, spine, joint, and bariatric unit. She spent some time working as a float pool nurse, home health nurse and alongside adults with disabilities. She began teaching at Concordia in 2018 as a Mental Health and Medical Surgical clinical instructor. In 2022, she transitioned to a full-time faculty member.

Education
M.S.N. Education, Western Governors University - 2021
B.S.N., Concordia University, Irvine - 2013
B.S. Public Administration/Criminal Justice - Cal State Dominguez Hills - 1996
Teaching
NUSA 401 Health Assessment
NUSA 203 Med/Surg Theory
NUSA 292 Med/Surg Clinical
NUSA 396 Psych/Mental Health Clinical
Cottrell, James T., DNP, MSN, RN, CPN, VA-BC
 
james.cottrell@cui.edu


Assistant Professor of Nursing

Tom Cottrell has been a pediatric nurse since 2009. He began teaching for Concordia University as a clinical instructor in 2014. He became a member of the nursing faculty at Concordia University in 2020. Tom has spent much of his nursing career educating students, nurses, and medical staff on pediatric vascular access and methods of limiting harm and pain associated with vascular access devices. When not teaching or at the hospital, Tom enjoys traveling with his wife, Rainnie.

Education
Doctorate of Nursing Practice, Capella University, 2023
Master of Science in Nursing, Concordia University, Irvine, 2017
Bachelor of Science in Nursing, University of Texas Arlington, 2013
Associate Degree in Nursing, Mount St. Mary’s College, 2008
Teaching
NUSA 307 Pediatric Theory
NUSA 400 Advanced Senior Preceptorship Clinical
NUSA 409 Advanced Senior Preceptorship Seminar
Professional Associations/Certifications
Association of Pediatric Hematology/Oncology Nurses
Association of Vascular Access
Board Certified Vascular Access Nurse
Certified Pediatric Nurse
Pediatric Chemotherapy and Biotherapy Provider
Sigma Theta Tau International Honor Society
Publications/Presentations
Professional Publication – The Journal of Vascular Access – June 2020
Title: Ultrasound-Guided Placement of Peripherally Inserted Intravenous Catheters Increases Catheter Dwell Time in Children DOI: 10.1177/1129729820929826
Poster Presentation – Pediatric Academic Societies 2020 Meeting – May 2020
Title: Ultrasound-Guided Placement of Peripherally Inserted Intravenous Catheters Increases Catheter Dwell Time in Children
Poster presentation – AVA National Scientific Meeting – September 2017
Title: Retrospective Comparative Study of Dwell Time between Ultrasound-Guided and Traditionally Placed Peripherally Inserted Intravenous Catheters in Hospitalized Children
Dahl, Jennifer, EdD, RN, RNC-OB
(949) 214-3283
jennifer.dahl@cui.edu
Assistant Director of Nursing/Assistant Professor of Nursing

Jennifer Dahl began teaching at Concordia University Irvine in 2014 and currently serves as the Assistant Director of Nursing. She began her nursing career an oncology nurse until she transitioned to the maternal-newborn population where she spent over 20 years as a labor and delivery nurse. Jennifer has a love of the nursing profession and strives to educate students to be compassionate and holistic nurses who serve the population.

Education
Doctorate in Organizational Leadership, University of La Verne, in progress
2014- Master of Science in Nursing, Emphasis on Clinical Informatics, Grand Canyon University
2011- Bachelor of Science in Nursing, Grand Canyon University
1994-Associate Degree in Nursing, Rio Hondo College
Teaching
Course Coordinator: Maternal-Newborn & Pharmacology Lab
NUSA 207: Pharmacotherapeutics
NUSA 303: Maternal-Newborn Theory
NUSA 296: Pharmacology Lab
Entzel, Chelsea, M.COMM, MSN, RN
 
chelsea.entzel@cui.edu
Assistant Director of Nursing Programs/Assistant Professor of Nursing

Chelsea started teaching at Concordia as an Adjunct Faculty in 2020 and currently serves as the Assistant Director of Nursing Programs. She began her nursing career as a Critical Care nurse and works in a mixed CCU setting and Rapid Response Role. Chelsea enjoyed serving on Hospital committees and furthering nursing education through involvement in hospital committees. Chelsea was also the lead author for the AACN Beacon Award for her CCU Unit where they placed Silver.

Education
Master of Science in Nursing (MSN) - Western University of Health Sciences
Master of Commerce in Organizational Management (M.COMM) - University of New South Wales, Australia
Bachelor of Arts in Communication (B.A.) - Concordia University, Irvine
Teaching
Advanced Medical-Surgical Nursing Theory
Advanced Medical-Surgical Nur