Newport Beach, CA
(2014, November) Poster presentation of research at STTI Odyssey Nursing Research Conference, Ontario, CA
Vega-Belluscio, Elizabeth, DNP, RN, CNE, CHSE
(949)-214-3555
elizabeth.vega@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Nursing / Simulationist

Nursing has been a dream and calling for me since I was four years old. While serving in the military as a computer technician, I studied nights and weekends to meet the prerequisites to get accepted into nursing school. Upon graduation from a traditional BSN nursing program with a minor in Nutrition, I was deployed to an overseas naval hospital in the Mediterranean area where I served for a term.

Labor & delivery was the bedside specialty area of my choice for twelve dynamic years. Academics recruited me with a post card asking “Could you see yourself as a Nursing Educator?” So I went back to school for a Masters with a specialty in Nursing Education. I entered the classroom as a lecturer in an Associate’s Degree program back east with additional areas of responsibility as the skills & sim lab coordinator. Certification as a Nurse Educator and in Healthcare Simulation Education followed.

Externally, I serve as a current member of the National League for Nursing, the Society for Simulation Health, the International Nursing Association Simulation Clinical Learning and Sim GHOSTs. I am a reviewer for the Journal of Christian Nursing. Internally, I serve on the Institutional Review Board and the Academic Faculty and Student Affairs committee, where I champion teamwork & collaboration.

I promote the military for the wealth of cultural diversity, educational opportunities, and the lifelong comradery of the uniformed services. Volunteering for Concordia Serves and Angel Tree with Mission Hills Church is my kiddo therapy and service to the Orange County, California community at large. Ministry service to the worship team at Mission Hills Church is ongoing and a creative outlet.

Education
Doctor of Nursing Practice, Union University, 2014
Master of Science in Nursing, Walden University, 2006
Bachelor of Science in Nursing, University of Rhode Island, 1993
Certifications
Certified Healthcare Simulation Educator (2018)
Teaching
Clinical Nurse Educator for Preceptorship, Community Health and Maternal/Child Health.
Facilitation of clinical-simulation based learning activities using simulation best practices for student-learners in the sophomore, junior, and senior levels in an ABSN program.
Research
Graduate research projects: Preconception Care: Building awareness for folic acid intake before you get pregnant (2006)
The exploration of how to retain aging nurse faculty and recommendations from deans and directors of nursing programs (2014)
Publications/Presentations
Journal article published in Journal of Christian Nursing, Divine Appointment (2015).
Nursing Staff
Coon, Shannon, BS
(949) 214-3553
shannon.coon@cui.edu
Operations Administrative Coordinator
Biography

Shannon is the Operations Administrative Coordinator for Concordia University Irvine's Department of Nursing. In her role, she provides administrative support in the day to day operations of the Department of Nursing including but not limited to creation and maintenance of nursing courses, schedules, calendars, and student registration and matriculation. Additionally, she collaborates with Human Resources on the interviewing, hiring and onboarding of Nursing Department candidates.

Caterinicchio, Maria Jean, MSN, RN, NE-BC
(949) 214-3614
mj.caterinicchio@cui.edu
Assistant Director, Academic Clinical Partnerships
Biography

Maria-Jean, “MJ”, is the Assistant Director of Academic Clinical Partnerships for Concordia University Irvine. In her role, Ms. Caterinicchio provides leadership in implementing and managing relationships with both current and future clinical partners. She is responsible for building clinical partnerships, identifying and generating new clinical agency opportunities and managing the clinical partnerships to ensure that student learning and course objectives are being met.

Maria-Jean has extensive leadership experience in healthcare, working for nonprofit, community and university teaching hospitals as well as within a national professional nursing organization, the American Association of Critical Care Nurses. Maria-Jean has significant experience in designing, implementing and evaluating systems to support strategic and organizational initiatives, leading project teams and facilitating organizational change.

Mallender, Jennifer, BA
(949) 214-3282
jennifer.mallender@cui.edu
Clinical Coordinator

Jennifer (Jen) is the Clinical Placement Coordinator for Concordia University Irvine's Department of Nursing. In her role, she provides support to the students and faculty of the Department of Nursing including clinical placement assignment to meet the affiliation requirements. Jennifer has a Bachelor of Arts in Advertising and Graphic Design from Grand Canyon University.

Scharfe, Melissa, 