https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/nursing/accelerated-bsn/faq
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Nursing Program | ABSN

About 
Admission Requirements
Curriculum 
Nursing Team
Tuition
FAQs
Blog
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
Frequently Asked Questions
General Information:

Who should apply?

Persons interested in nursing, who either have a previous Bachelor's degree, an IGETC Certification, a CSU Breadth Certification, or an Associate's Degree Transfer (ADT), and can attend school full-time. Before applying to the program, take time to consider your financial situation, career goals, family responsibilities, and your ability to become a full-time college student again. The ABSN program is full-time, on campus, and accelerated which requires students to devote forty (40) or more hours per week to lectures and clinical work for a 15-month period.

I do not have a Bachelor's degree, but I have completed over 65 units. How do I know if I am eligible for IGETC/CSU Breadth/ADT?

We do not require a previous Bachelor's degree, but if you do not have one, you will need either an IGETC certification, a CSU Breadth certification, or an Associate's Degree Transfer (ADT). If you do not know if you have either the IGETC or CSU Breadth, you will need to check with your academic advisor at the community college that you most recently attended.

How long is the Second Degree Accelerated Nursing (ABSN) program?

The ABSN program is full-time, on campus, and can be completed in 15 months.

Is the ABSN program accredited and by whom?

The ABSN program was approved by the Board of Registered Nursing (BRN) in July 2008 and accredited by Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE) in March 2009.

Is there a part-time option for ABSN? Will I be able to work while enrolled in the program?

No, there is not a part-time option for this program. Employment is strongly discouraged while students are enrolled in the program. The ABSN program is full-time and accelerated, and in order to be successful in the program, your time commitment will include hours during the day, evenings, and weekends for classes, class preparation, and clinical rotations.

What is the cost for the ABSN program? Is Financial Aid available?

View tuition and financial aid information.

The ABSN program requires a total of 59 units (including Theology classes). Students need to plan approximately $60,000 - $62,000 for the program (includes tuition, books, uniforms, insurance, etc.). Tuition and fees are tentative and subject to change. Please refer to the Bursar website for current tuition and fees.

Yes, a limited amount of financial aid is available. Please contact the Financial Aid department for any aid related questions (grad.finaid@cui.edu).

Do you accept transfer students from other nursing schools?

Generally, core nursing classes from other nursing schools are non-transferable and must be repeated upon acceptance into the ABSN program. However, individuals have the option to challenge specific first-semester courses. Credits from previous nursing core courses will be assessed for equivalence on a case-by-case basis.

Individuals with military experience in nursing, including those who have completed nursing-related courses with a theoretical foundation or who have held healthcare positions in the military, may also challenge specific first-semester nursing courses.

Please contact absn@cui.edu for assistance.

How many students do you admit to each admission term? What is the acceptance rate for the ABSN program?

Each admission term, the program is limited to sixty-four (64) students. The average acceptance rate is between 24% - 26%.

Is there a profile of generally successful applicants to the ABSN program?

This is the general profile of past successful ABSN candidates.

Will I be able to practice as a Registered Nurse (RN) after completing the ABSN program?

After you have successfully completed the ABSN program and pass the National Council Licensure Examination (NCLEX-RN), you will be eligible to practice as a Registered Nurse.

Does the ABSN program accept International Students?

Unfortunately, the ABSN program is currently not accepting international students. 

Completion of a bachelor degree in another country does not necessarily mean you are an international student. It is possible for U.S. Citizens and/or U.S. Permanent Residents to earn a degree from a foreign school.

International students are defined as students who are enrolled at institutions of higher education in the U.S. who are neither a U.S. Citizen nor a U.S. Permanent Resident.

All students who have completed their Bachelor's degree in non-English speaking countries must achieve a TOEFL score of 100 or higher to apply to the ABSN Program. A TOEFL score is not required for students who earned their Bachelor's degree or have completed two years of studies at a U.S. regionally accredited university