ree posted as soon as available.

Can I set up an appointment with an admission counselor to go through my transcripts?

Due to the high volume of applicants, the admission counselor will not grant individual appointments to discuss prerequisite classes or transcripts.

If you have questions about an individual course, send an e-mail to absn@cui.edu with the following information:

Course name and number
Semester Unit or Quarter Unit Value
College name and the semester when course was completed
Course description from the college official catalog

If you need to have your entire transcript evaluated, you must complete and follow the instructions of the "pre-evaluation transcript" form. The processing time for pre-evaluation forms is generally 7-10 business days.

Application Process:

How do I apply to the ABSN program? Do I submit a general application and nursing application?

Submit an application to the ABSN program using the online application portal available at Concordia University Irvine's website. Only one (1) application to ABSN program is required. Please refer to the ABSN Application Procedure.

What other supporting documents are required to complete my application?

Please refer to the "ABSN Application Checklist" for list of documents. All the forms are available on this page.

How do I check my application status to know which documents are still missing?

The best way to check on the status of your application is to login into your application portal. Please note: documents received might take up to 7 business days before they are posted on your application portal, especially when it is close to an admission deadline.

Is an interview required for admission?

Yes, an admission interview is required and it is by invitation only – not every applicant will be invited to an interview. The ABSN Admission Committee will review all completed files after each deadline and then, if the Committee determines you have a strong application profile, you will be contacted via email for your assigned interview schedule. Nursing Admission began utilizing the video interviewing platform, Spark Hire, starting with the Summer 2022 admission term. The goal of the video interview is for the ABSN Admission Committee members to get to know you beyond your academic profile.

If you fail to complete the interview assignment, the Committee will automatically assume that you would like to withdraw from the admission process.

What is the graduation timeline after acceptance into the ABSN program?

Please refer to the ABSN program general timeline.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

