mpleted the ABSN program and pass the National Council Licensure Examination (NCLEX-RN), you will be eligible to practice as a Registered Nurse.

Does the ABSN program accept International Students?

Unfortunately, the ABSN program is currently not accepting international students. 

Completion of a bachelor degree in another country does not necessarily mean you are an international student. It is possible for U.S. Citizens and/or U.S. Permanent Residents to earn a degree from a foreign school.

International students are defined as students who are enrolled at institutions of higher education in the U.S. who are neither a U.S. Citizen nor a U.S. Permanent Resident.

All students who have completed their Bachelor's degree in non-English speaking countries must achieve a TOEFL score of 100 or higher to apply to the ABSN Program. A TOEFL score is not required for students who earned their Bachelor's degree or have completed two years of studies at a U.S. regionally accredited university/college.

Next Steps:

When is the application deadline for the ABSN program?

The ABSN Program admits students three times a year: Spring, Summer, and Fall.Nursing admissions will be transitioning to the rolling admission model starting with the Summer 2024 cohort.

Completed applications will be reviewed using the following guideline:

Intended term: Summer 2024 (Classes begins in May 2024)

Application review starts: mid September 2023
The last day to apply*: January 15, 2024 (for IRVINE on-ground campus)
March 15, 2024 (for RANCHO CUCAMONGA hybrid campus)

Intended term: Fall 2024 (Classes begins in August 2024)

Application review starts: early November 2023
The last day to apply*: June 1, 2024(for IRVINE on-ground campus)
July 5, 2024 (for RANCHO CUCAMONGA hybrid campus)

* If last day to apply falls on a public holiday or weekend, the date will automatically be forwarded to the following business day.

What is the minimum passing grade for all the prerequisite classes?

Minimum required cumulative GPA is 3.25 (on a 4.0 scale). Cumulative GPA refers to the combination of bachelor degree and classes taken after degree completion. For a general idea of your cumulative GPA, you may use the following unofficial GPA calculator.

Prerequisite courses must be completed with a minimum cumulative GPA of B (3.0) or higher and a "C" or better must be earned in each course, except the science courses (see below)

Each science prerequisite class with lab must be completed with grade “B-” or higher. Must have been completed within the last five years of intended admission term. Of the four science prerequisite courses only two of them can be repeated once.

I received my first bachelor degree in another country. How would I know if it is equal to a degree earned at a U.S. University?

All foreign transcripts must be detail-evaluated by the International Education Research Foundation (IERF). This organization will convert your transcript to U.S. credit units and U.S. semester grades. An official IERF detailed-report must be submitted with your application. If you have completed a WES Evaluation, please contact absn@cui.edu for approval. No other evaluation service is accepted.

Is volunteer experience required? What kind of volunteer experience should I get prior to applying to the ABSN program?

Starting with Spring 2023 admissions, completion of a minimum of 100 hours of qualifying patient care experiences is required. Examples (but not limited to): Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA), COPE Health Scholar/Clinical Care Extender, Emergency Medical Technician (EMT), Medical Assistant (back office), Home Health Aide, Physical Therapy (PT) Aide.

Please refer to the Healthcare Hours Verification Form for additional details.

Prerequisite Courses:

Where can I complete prerequisite classes? Can I complete them at Concordia University Irvine?

Prerequisite classes are transferable from any regionally accredited college/university, provided the course descriptions meet the ABSN requirements.

Applicants may choose to complete prerequisite classes at Concordia University Irvine as "non-degree seeking" students. These classes will be offered as undergraduate classes which will follow Concordia University Irvine's catalog requirement and undergraduate schedule. Non-degree seeking students are limited to twelve (12) units per semester.  Please contact the Registrar's Office for further information in regards to registering as a non-degree seeking student.

Are online prerequisite classes acceptable?

Online science classes that solely rely on virtual laboratories will not be accepted. However, online science classes that incorporate home-kit laboratories are acceptable.

Due to the unprecedented situation regarding COVID-19, the Department of Nursing has approved the following in regards to online science/communication classes:

Online science (and labs) and/or communication classes completed in Spring 2020 through Spring 2022 will be given exce