ons meet the ABSN requirements.

Applicants may choose to complete prerequisite classes at Concordia University Irvine as "non-degree seeking" students. These classes will be offered as undergraduate classes which will follow Concordia University Irvine's catalog requirement and undergraduate schedule. Non-degree seeking students are limited to twelve (12) units per semester.  Please contact the Registrar's Office for further information in regards to registering as a non-degree seeking student.

Are online prerequisite classes acceptable?

Online science classes that solely rely on virtual laboratories will not be accepted. However, online science classes that incorporate home-kit laboratories are acceptable.

Due to the unprecedented situation regarding COVID-19, the Department of Nursing has approved the following in regards to online science/communication classes:

Online science (and labs) and/or communication classes completed in Spring 2020 through Spring 2022 will be given exceptions when on-ground labs/classes are otherwise not available. 
Online science and/or communication classes must be completed at regionally accredited colleges and/or universities.   
Complete syllabus for the online science classes with labs, completed in Spring 2020 through Spring 2022, must be submitted at the time of application to the ABSN program.  
Online science and/or communication classes completed prior to the Spring 2020 semester and/or after the Spring 2022 semester are not eligible for exceptions.

Is there a time limit associated with prerequisite classes? I took Chemistry 10 years ago; do I have to repeat the class?

Yes, there is a time limit on science prerequisite classes. All science classes with laboratory portion are required to be completed within five (5) years of intended admission term. Human Nutrition is required to be completed within seven (7) years of intended admission term (i.e. for Summer 2019 admission: the last acceptable science courses are from Spring 2014, and the last acceptable nutrition course is from Spring 2012). Non-science prerequisite classes (general education) do not have a time limit.

Am I allowed to have classes in progress when I apply?

Yes, all applicants are allowed to have a maximum of 3 (three) classes in-progress. You must provide proof of enrollment for in-progress classes (i.e. payment receipt and/or unofficial transcripts). Please be advised that admission to the ABSN program is very competitive. Any in progress classes at the time of application might give a disadvantage in the admission selection process.

All prerequisites classes must be completed by:

For Spring applicants: January 1st of the intended term (i.e. January 1, 2024 for Spring 2024)
For Summer applicants: May 1st of the intended term (i.e. May 1, 2024 for Summer 2024)
For Fall applicants: August 1st of the intended term (i.e. August 1, 2024 for Fall 2024)

If you are completing classes very close to the deadline listed above, provide either unofficial transcripts OR a signed and sealed letter from your professor, verifying your progress report and/or current grade(s).

The ABSN program requires applicants to have a BA/BS degree posted by the application deadline. I just completed all my classes and my degree will not be posted by the application deadline, what should I do?

If your degree is not posted by the application deadline, here are the next steps:

You are still required to provide official transcripts from your college (even without degree posted).
You will need two (2) additional letters to be included in your application packet.
Current Concordia University Irvine students, please contact the Admission's Office for requirements.
Letters need to come from your academic advisor and registrar/enrollment office. Both letters:
Must include verification that you filed for graduation and are ready to graduate once grades are posted.
Must be in signed and sealed envelope.

Provide final official transcripts with degree posted as soon as available.

Can I set up an appointment with an admission counselor to go through my transcripts?

Due to the high volume of applicants, the admission counselor will not grant individual appointments to discuss prerequisite classes or transcripts.

If you have questions about an individual course, send an e-mail to absn@cui.edu with the following information:

Course name and number
Semester Unit or Quarter Unit Value
College name and the semester when course was completed
Course description from the college official catalog

If you need to have your entire transcript evaluated, you must complete and follow the instructions of the "pre-evaluation transcript" form. The processing time for pre-evaluation forms is generally 7-10 business days.

Application Process:

How do I apply to the ABSN program? Do I submit a general application and nursing application?

Submit an application to the ABSN program using the online application portal available at Concordia Univers