https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Find Your Graduate Program
ADVANCE IN YOUR PROFESSIONAL CALLINGS
Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour
Find Your Graduate Program

At Concordia University Irvine, we’re committed to helping you advance in your professional callings.

Our graduate programs, offered on campus and online, are designed for busy professionals like you who want to broaden their knowledge and sharpen their skills. By teaching both the hard and soft skills you need, our programs prepare you to succeed in your vocations — and give you the tools you need to adapt to the ever-changing workplace and world.

Explore Our Graduate Programs
Programs by Interest
‌
Business
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
Sports Business (MBA)
‌
Coaching
M.A. in Coaching and Athletics Administration
M.A. Executive Coaching & Consulting
Professional Executive Coaching Certificate
M.S. in Coaching and Exercise Science
‌
Counseling
M.A. Counseling: Clinical Mental Health
M.A. Education: School Counseling
M.A. Education: School Psychology
Ph.D. Counselor Education & Supervision
‌
Education
Education
Doctor of Education (Ed. D.) in Leadership
M.A. Education: Curriculum & Instruction
M.A. Education: Educational Administration
M.A. Education: Learning, Design, and Technology
M.A. Education: School Counseling
M.A. Educational Leadership
M.A. Education: School Psychology
Master of Education with Teacher Credential
Advanced Graduate Certificates
Teacher Credential
Teacher Credential (Single Subject, Multiple Subject, Special Education, Dual Credential)
Teacher Credential with Master of Education
Clear Induction Credential Programs
‌
Healthcare
Master of Healthcare Administration
Master of Public Health
Master of Science in Nursing
‌
Leadership
M.A. Church Leadership
M.A. Educational Leadership
M.A. Organizational Leadership
Organizational Leadership Certificate
Doctor of Education (Ed. D.) in Leadership
‌
Ministry and Theology
MA Theology
MA Church Leadership
Cross-Cultural Ministry Certification
Theology Certificate
“Concordia has built upon my foundation of experience and undergraduate work to develop a more holistic and complete understanding of teaching.”

Greg G., M.A. ’22

Why Choose Concordia?

At Concordia, you have the freedom to explore your future and your faith.

Explore Over 60 Programs

Choose from over 60 career-relevant undergraduate and graduate programs offered on campus or online. Learn in small, collaborative classes taught by Christian faculty.

Examine Life's Toughest Questions

Our Enduring Questions & Ideas curriculum will challenge you to explore life’s toughest questions and prepare you with the lifelong skills you need now and into the future.

Grow in Your Faith

At Concordia, you have the option to attend Chapel, Bible studies, mission trips, and more. Here, you can explore the Christian faith and develop your own relationship with God.

Join a Caring Community

Whether you live on our beautiful Southern California campus or earn your degree online, you’ll be part of a close, connected community that’s committed to your growth.

Learn More About Same-Day Acceptance Events

Attending a Same-Day Acceptance Event can offer several benefits, including:

Quick acceptance decisions, allowing you to start planning for your future sooner
Convenient virtual format, accessible to international and out-of-state students
An opportunity to meet representatives from graduate programs and academic staff from your department
A better understanding of financial aid options available at Concordia University Irvine
In some cases, the ability to have application requirements waived, such as recommendation letters or essays, and a waiver of the application fee

CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

