 in Criminal Justice w/ a minor in Sociology from Upper Iowa University and a Master’s degree in Law Enforcement Administration from Grand Canyon University. He is also a graduate of ACHE’s Senior Executive Program. He is a volunteer leader with IAHSS and was the LA/OC Chapter Chair for 3 years, and now The International Board’s VP/Secretary. He also chaired The Hospital Association of Southern California’s Safety and Security Committee from 2018 to 2020 and remains an active member. He is currently The Vice-Chair of Sponsorship with HCE.

Jonathan is a native of Massachusetts and is a huge Boston sports fan. He enjoys hiking, working out, and true crime documentaries.

Bio Page

Willett, Edward (Ed)
 
edward.willett@cui.edu
Edward Willett
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Experience

Over 30 Years of professional experience in the sports industry. Worked for Sports Illustrated, USA TODAY, ESPN, LPGA, Topgolf and several sports startups .

Education

Prior to his work in higher education, Dr. Wolf worked in management for a large financial institution as well as for a non-profit company. One of his favorite experiences was working ten years for the Professional Football Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio.

BA, Bucknell University, MBA, University of Denver
Courses
Sports Leadership
Sports Media
Public Relations

Bio Page

Winkler, Phillip
 
phillip.winkler@cui.edu
Phillip Winkler
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Phillip (Todd) Winkler is trained in Electrical Engineering (BSEE - LeTourneau, MSEE - USC) and experienced in multiple disciplines as a data analyst, software programmer, systems design and system engineering. He has 23 years as a systems engineer in IT technical sales. He has deep expertise in servers, data storage, IT systems and data center architectures. Previously he worked in the defense industry for 12 years as a missile systems software designer, data analyst and data visualization expert.

He has always been called by his middle name Todd.
He has lived in 26 different places in the US and Europe.
He enjoys teaching, solving problems and technology.
He has been a follower of Christ since 4th grade.
He lives in Lake Forest with his beautiful wife Dawn.
He has two boys, both in college - Concordia University Irvine and Cal Poly SLO.
He has a Bachelors of Science in Electrical Engineering from LeTourneau University in east Texas.
He has a MSEE from USC in 1992 in Nuclear Fusion and Plasma Dynamics.
He loves outdoor sports, travel and racquetball.

Bio Page

You, Karisa
 
karissa.you@cui.edu
Karisa You
Biography

Karisa was born in Massachusetts but grew up in Orange County and earned her Bachelor of Arts at UCLA and juris doctorate at USC. She serves on the board for Tutapona, a nonprofit providing mental health services to refugees. She has worked many years in legal public service, advocating for indigent clients at organizations such as Inner City Law Center, Alliance for Children’s Rights, and Legal Aid Society. She believes God is passionate about justice and calls His followers to defend those who cannot speak for themselves. Her areas of work have involved housing, constitutional rights, immigration, criminal justice, children’s law, contracts, and benefits.
Karisa loves Jesus, and her “chief end is to glorify God and enjoy Him forever” (Westminster Catechism). She serves as editorialist for the Christian magazine SOLA Network. Karisa loves storytelling, especially writing about how Jesus changes lives (karisayou.blogspot.com). She published the young-adult novel, Seeing Triple, available on Amazon, Barnes and Noble, and other bookstores, and teaches at California Baptist University, UC Riverside, and Hope International University.

Education
Juris Doctorate, University of Southern California, Gould School of Law
Bachelor of Arts in International Development Studies and Religious Studies, University of California, Los Angeles

Bio Page

Zamzow, Jennifer
 
jennifer.zamzow@cui.edu
Jennifer Zamzow
Adjunct Faculty
Biography

After receiving her Ph.D. in philosophy from the University of Arizona in 2013, Dr. Jennifer Zamzow completed a two-year post-doctoral fellowship in ethics and cognition in the Department of Philosophy and the Center for Ethics and Policy at Carnegie Mellon University. Dr. Zamzow has published work on diversity in ethical intuitions, affective forecasting in medical decision making, the ethics of theism, and how our use of moral rules, moral intuitions, and cost-benefit analysis affect the way we interpret moral requirements for ourselves and for others. She has also written about ethical issues for The Washington Post, Christianity Today, and Sojourners.

Education
B.A., Azusa Pacific University, Philosophy and Psychology
Ph.D., University of Arizona, Philosophy with a minor in Cognitive Science

Bio Page

Zoltany, Laszlo
(949) 214-3379
laszlo.zoltany@cui.edu
Laszlo Zoltany
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Professor Zoltany likes to be ref