nally, Albert is a global Executive Leadership Development Consultant and Executive Coach, with more than 30 years of human resources, talent management, leadership, and organization development experience. As a consulting business and organizational psychologist, Dr. Edwards has a deep capacity for focusing on Strategic Organization and Leadership Capacity enhancements and has been called upon to facilitate groups for clarifying strategic direction, roles, and transformation at the board and organizational leadership levels.

Education
Bachelor Degree in Political Science/Sociology, Alma College, Michigan
Masters in Organization Development/Strategic Human Resource Management, University of Pennsylvania
Doctor of Psychology in Organization Development/Consulting Psychology, Alliant International University's Marshall Goldsmith School of Management, San Diego, California

Bio Page

Ford, Imelda
 
imelda.ford@cui.edu
Imelda Ford
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Imelda is an accomplished executive who has successfully founded several software development initiatives. She has mastered the business behind software and has consistently led the delivery of technology solutions for a variety of Fortune 500 institutions in various industries. With her dual background in computer science and accounting, she has proven her expertise in gaining operational efficiencies through the use of latest technologies. She has held significant roles such as obtaining funding and delivering new innovations, leading successful delivery of software solutions, to troubleshooting operational business challenges and boosting organic growth by turning around the profitability of various projects and organizations.

Imelda has held various key management positions for a variety of large institutions which includes Capita, Deloitte and Touche, Cendant Corporation and Capital Group.

She graduated cum laude with a degree in Business Administration and Accountancy and has a Master’s degree in Computer Science. She was a consistent Dean’s Lister and was the recipient of the CPA Development Foundation Scholarship during her academic years. Imelda holds the following designations:

Certified Public Accountant (CPA)
Certified Information Technology Professional (CITP)
Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA)
Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA)

She is a member of the AICPA, ISACA, California Society of CPA’s and US Women’s Chamber of Commerce and has received the following nominations and awards:

Distinguished Alumna Award
Outstanding Women in Business
Outstanding Leader

Bio Page

Gaglio, Ryan
 
ryan.gaglio@cui.edu
Ryan Gaglio
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Ryan Charles Gaglio is a shareholder in Stradling's Corporate and Tax practice groups. His practice focuses on tax planning, tax controversy and transactional matters. He advises clients on the federal, state and local tax consequences of mergers and acquisitions, bankruptcies and workouts, estate planning, and executive compensation, as well as on sales, use and property tax matters. Ryan has significant experience in federal, state and local tax controversies and disputes, and has successfully represented clients at all stages of proceedings before the IRS, the California Franchise Tax Board and the California State Board of Equalization, as well as in tax controversies before the U.S. District Court and the U.S. Tax Court.

Ryan Gaglio is an experienced tax lawyer who helps his clients achieve their business goals quickly and efficiently. Ryan was awarded the annual Tax Law Section Award for 2016 by the Orange County Bar Association and he has been named a "Southern California Rising Star" by Super Lawyers each year since 2015.
 
He has a BA in Political Science and Spanish from Columbia University where he participated in Sigma Nu and Men's Varsity Swimming.  He earned his JD at Yale Law School.

Bio Page

Grimalda, Andy
(949) 214-3372
andrew.grimalda@cui.edu
Andy Grimalda
Adjunct Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Andrew Grimalda previously served as a resident faculty member in the School of Business & Economics where he designed and started the Economics and Data Analytics majors as well as the school's capstone course. He has served as co-chairperson for the Educational Effectiveness Committee for the last nine years. Before joining Concordia, Andrew owned and grew his healthcare administrative services company to become one of the 100 largest in the United States. Prior to this, Andrew served as the Chief Financial Officer for a regional insurance carrier, for the nation’s largest voice and data telecommunications reseller, and for a national healthcare management company. Andrew also had a distinguished military career, retiring at the rank of Colonel. He served as an Army Ranger, Deputy Chief Logistical Operations for reserve forces, Commander of senior reserve officer warfare training, instructor at the U.S. M