nd CFO positions. He currently serves on the boards of Reef Check and Blue Water Photo.

Robert specializes in asset and equity valuations using hard data to develop and test pricing and forecast models.

Education
Pepperdine University, MBA
UC Riverside, Environmental Science, B.S.

Bio Page

Murrey, James A.
 
james.murrey@cui.edu
James A. Murrey
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

James A. Murrey, CPA, MBT, has experience in public accounting beginning with a local Orange County firm in 2009 followed by a Tax Manager role at WNDE in 2015.  He currently serves as a Tax Partner at Ronald Blue & Co., CPA's in tax planning and compliance for corporations, partnerships, LLC's and individuals.  

James is a Concordia University Irvine alumni specializing in serving high-net-worth individuals and mid-sized companies throughout various industries.

James lives in Orange County with his wife Megan and son Jax. He enjoys playing golf, traveling, and spending time with his family.

Education
University of Southern California, Master of Business Taxation 2016
Concordia University Irvine, Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration, Emphases in Accounting & Finance 2008
CPA Designation 2011
Expertise
Corporations, Partnerships, Individuals, Trusts, & Foundations
Extensive experience serving small to mid-sized companies and high net worth individuals
Professional Affiliations
AICPA
CalCPA

Bio Page

Ohrstrom, Nick
 
nick.ohrstrom@cui.edu
Nick Ohstrom
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Nicholas “Nick” Ohrstrom is an expert in portfolio management and employee development. Nick has served in multiple positions within a Fortune 100 company with experience in territory management, mergers and acquisitions, capital budgeting, long range product planning, strategy development, and global workforce management. Most recently Nick managed a $4 Billion global portfolio of product within his current organization.

Currently Nick is pursuing a doctoral degree in Management in the Doctor of Business Administration program at George Fox University. He holds an M.S. in Communications from Purdue University and studied Business Administration - Management at Peru State College. His research interests include strategy development, portfolio management, organizational behavior and organization politics.

Education
Master of Science – Communications, Purdue University
Graduate Certificate – Strategic Communications Management, Purdue University
B.A.S. – Business Administration - Management, Peru State College
A.A.S. – Southeast Community College
Courses
Managing Today’s Worker

Bio Page

Olbon, Ben
 
ben.olbon@cui.edu
Ben Olbon
Adjunct Professor, School of Business and Economics
Education
M.B.A. Concordia University – Irvine
B.A. Political Science, University of North Carolina – Chapel Hill
Certified Energy Leadership Index - Master Practitioner
Experience
Director of Sales and Training for Breakthrough Sports
Founder of Outcome Elite Mental Strength Coaching and Leadership Development Academy
20+ years in Sales Training and Sales Leadership in Healthcare and Finance
Captain (O-3) United States Marine Corps
Division I Athlete
Courses
Leadership and Development
Basic Selling Skills
Advanced Selling Skills

Bio Page

Passwater, ​Israel
 
israel.passwater@cui.edu
Israel Passwater


Biography

Israel Passwater has been serving as an Adjunct Faculty Member since 2008. Israel has a unique professional background in both education and business. Israel started his teaching career in special education. His passion for innovation and organizational improvement lead him to serve in both the public sector and private sectors in business leadership. His teaching areas of expertise are in Organizational Leadership, Leadership, Management Theory, Consulting, Coaching, and Organizational Behavior. Israel teaches part-time both online and campus-based courses for National University and Concordia University Irvine.

Currently, Israel serves as the Cheif Operations Officers (COO) for an e-commerce company in South Orange County. His educational background consists of a Bachelors of Arts in Psychology from Point Loma Nazarene, Masters Degree in Sports Management / Kinesiology from California Baptist University, and he is finishing his Doctorate in Organizational Leadership at Pepperdine University.

Israel is a former scholarshiped student-athlete and is an avid marathon runner. He loves spending time with his family; son Cole (5), Wife Katie and their two rescue golden retrievers Gracie and Riggins.

Bio Page

Pereda, Brittany
 
brittany.pereda@cui.edu
Brittany Pereda
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Brittany Pereda joined the Eagles Athletics Staff in December of 2017.

In her role as Assistant Athletics Director for Operations and Development, she directly assists with fundraising, corporate sponsorships, business operations, finance, community outreach and game management. She also oversees the Eagles Student