sor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Dr. Sinardi holds a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from St. Cloud State University and a Master's degree in Counseling from California State University, Long Beach. She became a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist in 2006. In 2011, Dr. Sinardi completed her Doctor of Education degree in Organizational Leadership at the University of La Verne.

Experience

Dr. Catherine Sinardi is the Director of Healthcare Programs, overseeing the following: Bachelor of Arts in Healthcare Management (traditional and online), Master of Healthcare Administration, and Master of Public Health. As an Associate Professor, she develops and teaches a variety of courses in the aforementioned programs. She currently serves on the board of directors for the Healthcare Executives of Southern California as the Chair of Academic Affairs. Previously, she was Regional Director of Clinical Services at Children’s Institute and Director of Quality Assurance and Program Evaluation at Counseling4Kids, both in the greater Los Angeles area. She also worked in private practice as a licensed counselor and held various administrative positions at ChildNet Youth and Family Services in Long Beach.

Education
Ed.D. Organizational Leadership, University of La Verne
MFT Counseling, California State University Long Beach
Publications
Scheinfeld, E., Barney, K., Gangi, K., Nelson, E. & Sinardi, C. (2021). Filling the void: Grieving and healing during a socially isolating global pandemic. Journal of Social and Personal Relationships.
Scheinfeld, E., Gangi, K., Nelson, E. & Sinardi, C. (2021). Please scream inside your heart: Compounded loss and coping during the COVID-19 pandemic. Health Communication. 
Manuscript Under Review
Scheinfeld, E., Barney, K., Gangi, K., Nelson, E. & Sinardi, C. (Under Review). Moving forward in compounded grief: Communicated resilience after COVID-19 related losses. Journal of Social and Personal Relationships.

Bio Page

Schuler, Yi
(949) 214 3477
yi.schuler@cui.edu
Yi Schuler
Professor & Academic Advisor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Dr. Schuler has lived and served in higher education in both China and the United States. She has taken on various roles at Concordia since 2008 with experience in teaching, new program development, curriculum design, social research, faculty and student support, student recruitment, advising and retention, risk and change management, budgeting and marketing.

Dr. Schuler also worked seven years in a US high tech company as senior global accounts manager. She is bilingual in Mandarin Chinese and English. She has published and presented at various conferences. Her most recent publication is a book translation (from English to Chinese): Armstrong, J. (2017). Like mother, like daughter? How career women influence their daughters’ ambition, translation published by The Chinese Academy of Social Sciences Publishing House (2018).

She is a long term volunteer at her church and other community organizations. Dr. Schuler is a proud mother of two adult children, Michael and Michelle. In her spare time, she enjoys mountaineering, ultra-running, cycling, mountain biking, hiking, and backpacking.

Education:
Ph.D. – Intercultural Education, Biola University, La Mirada, CA
M. A. – British and American Literature, Sichuan University, China
B. A. – English Language and Culture, Minor – French, Sichuan International Studies University, China

View Curriculum Vitae

Bio Page

Wolf, Drew
(949) 214-3366
drew.wolf@cui.edu
Drew Wolf
MBA Director & Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Dr. Drew Wolf serves Concordia University Irvine School of Business as the MBA Director and Assistant Professor. Before joining Concordia University Irvine nine years ago, Dr. Wolf held a variety of staff and teaching positions at a private Christian university and a large community college, both in Ohio.

Prior to his work in higher education, Dr. Wolf worked in management for a large financial institution as well as for a non-profit company. One of his favorite experiences was working ten years for the Professional Football Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio.

Dr. Wolf’s education includes his doctorate in Educational Leadership and Management preceded by degrees in Corporate Communication. Dr. Wolf has had papers presented in California, Ohio, New Mexico, and India. His two most recent peer-reviewed publications focus on the incorporation of a theoretical framework using Appreciative Inquiry to develop resiliency in businesses. He has also served as a peer reviewer for a number of publications including the International Journal of Human Resource Management. He has volunteered for a number of years for LASEC, Los Angeles Sports and Entertainment Commission.

Courses
MBA 642 Effective Communication
MBA 603 Management
MBA 678 E-commerce
BUS 261 Information Technology

Bio Page

Adjunct Faculty
Adelseck, Daniel
 
daniel.adelseck@cui.edu
Daniel Adelseck
Adjunct