
Financial Accounting
Investment Management
Leadership & Organizational Behavior
Managerial Accounting
Mergers & Acquisitions
Mergers, Acquisitions, and Divestitures
Professional Financial Planning

Bio Page

Lerner, Toni
(949)-214-3372
toni.lerner@cui.edu
Toni Lerner
Assistant Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Professor Lerner has decades of experience in the service sector and has worked on the development and sustainability of several small businesses. She loves teaching and sharing her expertise with her students and challenging them to be active participants in their education. She teaches courses on management, business ethics, marketing, and entrepreneurship. She uses a variety of real-world case studies and simulations to lead her students in discussions that are relevant and thought provoking. She enjoys helping her students explore business careers and preparing them to be successful professionals in today’s global community. She is a member of the Psi Chi International Honor Society and the Sigma Beta Delta Honor Society. In addition, she is a Sam Walton Fellow with SIFE/Enactus, and has coached Concordia University Irvine students at national business ethics competitions.

Education
MA Psychology, Pepperdine University, Malibu
MBA Concordia University, Irvine
BA Liberal Arts, Concordia University, Irvine

Bio Page

Makpayo, Kossi
(949) 214-3384
kossi.makpayo@cui.edu
Kossi Makpayo
Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Dr. Kossi Makpayo is a Professor of Economics at Concordia University Irvine. Prior to joining Concordia, he taught and mentor many students for ten years at has been at Marymount California University. He is passionate about teaching and always looks forward to help students attain their academic goals. He holds a Ph.D. in Economics (fields: International Economics and Applied Econometrics) from Suffolk University, Boston, MA, a Masters (D.E.A) in Economics (fields: Money, Finance, Banking and International Economics) from the University of Senegal (UCAD), and a B.A. (Maîtrise) in Economics (fields: Math, Stats and Econometrics) from the University of Bamako, Mali. 

He taught Economics for Planning, Global Entrepreneurship & Economic Development, Statistics Decision Making& Modelling; Macroeconomics, Microeconomics, People Profit Planet and Perspectives on Global Development at Marymount California University. Prior to joining MCU, he has taught various courses including Principles of Economics, Economic Development, Introduction to Globalization Studies (co-taught), Statistics & Business Decision Models, Applied Statistics to Business and Economics, and Managerial Economics at Siena College, Upstate NY; Northeastern University and Suffolk University, both in Boston, MA. 

He has been voted twice Outstanding Faculty of the Year (2014-2015 & 2016-2017) by the students of MCU. He was also the first recipient of the Award of Teaching Excellence (Economics Department, Suffolk University; January 2010), a 2008 Outstanding Faculty of the Year nominee (Student Government Association, Suffolk University, April 2008), and Certified E-learning Instructor (Northeastern University, July 2010). His areas of teaching and research interests include General Economics, Business Economics, International Economics (Trade and Finance), Development Economics (including Poverty Analysis and Impact Evaluation), Applied Statistical Methods, Applied Econometrics (including Applied Microeconometrics).

Bio Page

Nagel, Kit
(949) 214-3373
kit.nagel@cui.edu
Kit Nagel
Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Professor Nagel is an expert in global marketing. His specific areas of expertise in consumer packaging, supply-chain, and large scale turnkey project management have led to extensive global assignments. Most recently, Nagel was in Berlin working with the pharmaceutical firm Bayer on helping realign its global supply chain.

Nagel teaches at both the MBA and undergraduate levels and enjoys bringing a real-world, cross-disciplinary perspective to preparing students for their careers. Senior executives today note the shortage of trade-literate, culturally sensitive managers, and Nagel’s former students have gone on to positions with leading multinationals and government agencies.

On the academic side, his students have gone on to graduate programs at Tufts, NYU, and the London School of Economics.

Marketing Manager-Asia with Fortune 100 International Paper Co.
VP-Commercial Development with Servrite International
Born in the UK; worked and traveled in over 50 countries
Education
MIM-AGSIM
Publications
International Business: The Challenge of Globalization (Pearson)
"Global Market Entry - Rules of Engagement" (Xlibris)
"Quants Gone Wild" (WSJ)
"Global Marketing Management" (Pearson)
"Luther on Trade and Commerce" (CPH)
Courses
International Marketing
International Finance
Marketing Research
New Venture/Entrepreneurship
History of Economic Thought
Global E