ngton Mutual Bank merger, the largest conversion in US financial services history at the time. He has been recognized by the California State Assembly and the City of Los Angeles for his contributions in business and organizational leadership.
As a consultant, Jake assists businesses with strategy, team building, training, and the design of human resource processes and procedures. He speaks regularly on emotional intelligence, leadership, and current topics in management. He is a course designer and has developed a variety of face-to-face, blended, and online courses.
Jake is bilingual and is pursuing his Ph.D. in Organizational Leadership from Regent University, and his current area of interest includes the mega-trends impacting the global business environment, specifically in regards to a multi-generational and changing workforce.

Education
M.A., Organizational Leadership, Biola University
B.A., Economics, University of California, Los Angeles
Courses

MBA Courses

Management Theory and Practice
Economics

Undergraduate Courses

Organizational Behavior

Bio Page

Brief, Garrett
 
garrett.brief@cui.edu
Garrett Brief
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Garrett Brief has been licensed to practice law in the state of California for over 20 years with a focus on personal injury and bankruptcy law. He received a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from UC Santa Barbara and his Juris Doctor from Gonzaga University School of Law. Throughout his career he has held Vice President and Senior Associate positions. He has been recognized for his ability to manage large caseloads, while treating each client with professionalism. In addition to his experience as an attorney, he also has experience in product development, implementation and training, marketing, and management.

As a member of the Board of Directors for two organizations which rescue food and provide weekend meals to disadvantaged elementary school students, who receive subsidized breakfast and lunches during the school week, but go hungry on the weekends. He is committed to solving food insecurity throughout the greater Long Beach community.

His passion for teaching is based in his desire to help students learn and appreciate new concepts He strives to teach, listen and support each of his students. Professor Brief teaches the following courses in the Healthcare Management major at Concordia: Legal Aspects of Healthcare, Marketing and Strategic Planning for Healthcare Organizations, and Senior Seminar in Healthcare.

Bio Page

Christenson, Mark
 
mark.christenson@cui.edu
Mark Christenson
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Extensive line management experience in a variety of business settings from Fortune 500 companies and smaller organizations to owning a small business for 15 years. Varied background centered in general and brand management with consumer goods organizations. I have worked for Hunt Wesson Foods (packaged foods), The Upper Deck Company (sports collectibles/event marketing), The Queen Mary (consumer goods and attractions) and K-Co Products (consumer hardware).

Education
BS in Business Administration (Marketing Emphasis) from Cal Poly Pomona
MBA from The Claremont Graduate School
Courses
Marketing Management
International Management
Change Management
Human Resources Management

Bio Page

Edwards III, Albert
 
albert.edwardsiii@cui.edu
Albert Edwards III
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Albert is a man of faith who loves God and has been called to preach and pour into the lives of believers and non-believers. While raised in the Presbyterian Church, Albert converted to the Baptist Denomination. In 1995, Albert was set apart, Ordained, and received his Deacon Orders as a member and leader at Eighth Street Baptist Church in Wilmington, DE, where he led the Men's Ministry. Currently, Albert serves as a Licentiate Minister, along with serving in several ministerial capacities with Christ Our Redeemer Church (COR) in Irvine, CA.

Professionally, Albert is a global Executive Leadership Development Consultant and Executive Coach, with more than 30 years of human resources, talent management, leadership, and organization development experience. As a consulting business and organizational psychologist, Dr. Edwards has a deep capacity for focusing on Strategic Organization and Leadership Capacity enhancements and has been called upon to facilitate groups for clarifying strategic direction, roles, and transformation at the board and organizational leadership levels.

Education
Bachelor Degree in Political Science/Sociology, Alma College, Michigan
Masters in Organization Development/Strategic Human Resource Management, University of Pennsylvania
Doctor of Psychology in Organization Development/Consulting Psychology, Alliant International University's Marshall Goldsmith School of Management, San Diego, California

Bio Page

Ford, Imelda
 
imelda.ford@cui.edu
Imelda Ford
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Imelda is