du
Andy Grimalda
Adjunct Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Andrew Grimalda previously served as a resident faculty member in the School of Business & Economics where he designed and started the Economics and Data Analytics majors as well as the school's capstone course. He has served as co-chairperson for the Educational Effectiveness Committee for the last nine years. Before joining Concordia, Andrew owned and grew his healthcare administrative services company to become one of the 100 largest in the United States. Prior to this, Andrew served as the Chief Financial Officer for a regional insurance carrier, for the nation’s largest voice and data telecommunications reseller, and for a national healthcare management company. Andrew also had a distinguished military career, retiring at the rank of Colonel. He served as an Army Ranger, Deputy Chief Logistical Operations for reserve forces, Commander of senior reserve officer warfare training, instructor at the U.S. Military Academy, and Commander of a battalion-size unit during combat operations. Andrew holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the United States Military Academy, West Point, and a Master’s degree in management science from the Sloan School of Management, M.I.T.

Education
M.S. Management Sciences Sloan School of Management, M.I.T.
B.S. U.S. Military Academy, West Point
View Curriculum Vitae

Bio Page

Hess, Gill
 
gilbert.hess@cui.edu
Gill Hess
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Before joining Citi Personal Wealth Management, Gil was the Managing Director of Wealth4Purpose and consulted in the areas of Estate Planning and Charitable Planning. Prior to that, Gil was Divisional Director of the Wealth Planning Centers for Citigroup Smith Barney in the Western Division where he and his team met with High Net Worth Clients and their families to discuss all aspects of their financial circumstances while focusing on Federal Estate and Federal Income Tax planning. Gil has authored several articles and has been published in the Orange County Lawyer Magazine, Los Angeles Business Journal and the Sacramento Business Journal. He is also an Adjunct Professor in the School of Business at Concordia University where he teaches Business Law and Business Ethics. Gil earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from California State University Long Beach, his Juris Doctorate from Western State University College of Law and completed advanced estate planning courses at American College in Bryn Mawr, PA. In addition, Gil currently holds Series 7, 63, 65, and 24 licenses through the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. He also holds a lifetime teaching credential from the Board of Governors of the California Community Colleges. In the past, Gil has served on the advisory boards for the Institute for Preparing Heirs, Hoag Memorial Hospital, Olive Crest Treatment Center for abused children and CBMC of Newport Beach, to name a few. Gil and his family make their home in Orange County, CA.

Bio Page

Lu, Jeffrey
 
jeffrey.lu@cui.edu
Jeffrey Lu
Adjunct Professor of Business
Biography

Professor Jeffrey Lu serves entrepreneurs in finance, real estate and tax services while providing transaction advises for more than two decades. His career started at Peat Marwick Mitchell (KPMG). He developed strong negotiation skills while practicing public accounting representing entrepreneurs featured in Inc. and Money magazine for merger and acquisition & financing of venture-backed and knowledge-based businesses in the high-tech, healthcare and real estate industries. 1997 Money magazine recognized him as one of the Personal Financial Specialist by AICPA. He is a broker associates, realtor® with Coldwell Banker Previews International at Newport Beach, CA, He earned the top 5 ranking of 2013 EBT program of Coldwell Banker Commercial.

Professor Lu is Certified Public Accountant, Personal Financial Specialist, Realtor, Broker Associate and Certified Negotiation Expert of Real Estate Negotiating Institute. Mr. Lu lectures "Cross Border Transactions & international taxation at Graduate School of Accounting of Soochow University. He lectured accounting and financial statement analysis at University of Missouri at Columbia Missouri and Coastline Community College in Orange County, California. Professor Lu is the founder of LU & ASSOCIATES in Irvine, California, serving entrepreneurs with transactional advisory services in finance, real estate and taxes.

Professor Lu is member of venture capital organization in Southern California and Silicon Valley/San Francisco Bay, director of Southern California Monte Jade (SCMJ), Assistant Scout Master of Boy Scout of America Troop 606, and Vice Chair of GATE committee of Irvine Unified School District. Mr. Lu served as Vice Chairman of the board of director of Southern California Chinese Culture Association (SCCCA)/Irvine Chinese School (ICS) based in Irvine, California.

Education
Master of Accountancy, Univ