evels and enjoys bringing a real-world, cross-disciplinary perspective to preparing students for their careers. Senior executives today note the shortage of trade-literate, culturally sensitive managers, and Nagel’s former students have gone on to positions with leading multinationals and government agencies.

On the academic side, his students have gone on to graduate programs at Tufts, NYU, and the London School of Economics.

Marketing Manager-Asia with Fortune 100 International Paper Co.
VP-Commercial Development with Servrite International
Born in the UK; worked and traveled in over 50 countries
Education
MIM-AGSIM
Publications
International Business: The Challenge of Globalization (Pearson)
"Global Market Entry - Rules of Engagement" (Xlibris)
"Quants Gone Wild" (WSJ)
"Global Marketing Management" (Pearson)
"Luther on Trade and Commerce" (CPH)
Courses
International Marketing
International Finance
Marketing Research
New Venture/Entrepreneurship
History of Economic Thought
Global Enterprise

View Curriculum Vitae

Bio Page

Playter, Kellie
(949) 214-3603
kellie.playter@cui.edu
Kellie Playter
Assistant Professor & Internship Director, School of Business & Economics
Biography

Kellie earned her Bachelor's and Master's Degrees in Communication Studies from California State University, Long Beach, and her Ph.D. in Organizational Leadership from Regent University. She has served on several nonprofit boards in her community, including the Junior Chamber of Commerce and the Ronald McDonald House Charities. She has been teaching college courses since 2008, teaching at California State University Long Beach and Long Beach City College before finding her home at Concordia, where she can combine her love of teaching with her Christian beliefs. She has taught a variety of classes in communication, leadership, and business, but tends to focus on workplace communication and behavior, professional writing, internship/career preparation, and professional development skills.

Education
Ph.D., Organizational Leadership, Regent University (in progress, expected May 2023)
M.A., California State University Long Beach (May 2010)
B.A., California State University Long Beach (May 2007)
Research

Kellie's research interests relate to the identity of motherhood, women in leadership, intergenerational workplace culture, and leading virtual teams.

Publications

Playter, K. L. (2020). Courageous followership according to the epistle of Jude. Journal of Biblical Perspectives in Leadership, 10(1), 48-55. Abrams, J.R., Shaw-Playter, K., LeMaster, B., Willis, R., Hoffman, S., Bodden, D. & Whitney, M. (2011). Proactive performance: A context for intergroup contact. Howard Journal of Communications, 22, 319-335.

Conference Presentations
Playter, K. L., Andrew, A.J. & Harris, E. (2019). “I’m neglecting my other baby”: Examining mothers’ workplace re-entry narratives. WSCA.
Playter, K. L. & Andrew, A.J. (2018). The status of mom: The workplace experiences of pregnant women and mothers. WSCA.
Shaw, K. (2011) Proactive performance: A context for intergroup contact. WSCA.
Shaw, K. (2009) Media and immigration, freedom of speech or hate speech. WSCA (pre-conference).
Courses
Business Writing & Presentations
Organizational Behavior
Internship

Bio Page

Shiery, Carolyn
949) 214-3369
carolyn.shiery@cui.edu
Carolyn Shiery
Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Professor Shiery has over 30-years of experience in corporate marketing and training. She has worked for and with major Fortune 500 firms and had a consulting firm specializing in market research and training. She has taught marketing courses for over 20 years and has broad knowledge of marketing strategy, international business and communications.

Education
M.B.A. International Business California State University, Fullerton
B.A. Marketing California State University, Fullerton

Bio Page

Sinardi, Catherine
(949) 214-3602
catherine.sinardi@cui.edu
Catherine Sinardi
Program Director & Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Dr. Sinardi holds a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from St. Cloud State University and a Master's degree in Counseling from California State University, Long Beach. She became a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist in 2006. In 2011, Dr. Sinardi completed her Doctor of Education degree in Organizational Leadership at the University of La Verne.

Experience

Dr. Catherine Sinardi is the Director of Healthcare Programs, overseeing the following: Bachelor of Arts in Healthcare Management (traditional and online), Master of Healthcare Administration, and Master of Public Health. As an Associate Professor, she develops and teaches a variety of courses in the aforementioned programs. She currently serves on the board of directors for the Healthcare Executives of Southern California as the Chair of Academic Affairs. Previously, she was Regional Director of Clinical Services at Children’s Institute and Director of Quality Assurance and Program