pert of Real Estate Negotiating Institute. Mr. Lu lectures "Cross Border Transactions & international taxation at Graduate School of Accounting of Soochow University. He lectured accounting and financial statement analysis at University of Missouri at Columbia Missouri and Coastline Community College in Orange County, California. Professor Lu is the founder of LU & ASSOCIATES in Irvine, California, serving entrepreneurs with transactional advisory services in finance, real estate and taxes.

Professor Lu is member of venture capital organization in Southern California and Silicon Valley/San Francisco Bay, director of Southern California Monte Jade (SCMJ), Assistant Scout Master of Boy Scout of America Troop 606, and Vice Chair of GATE committee of Irvine Unified School District. Mr. Lu served as Vice Chairman of the board of director of Southern California Chinese Culture Association (SCCCA)/Irvine Chinese School (ICS) based in Irvine, California.

Education
Master of Accountancy, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri
M.S. – Taxation, Golden Gate University, San Francisco, California
B.S. – Accounting, Soochow University, Taipei, Taiwan, R.O.C.
Courses
ACT 212 Managerial Accounting
ACT 313 Cost Accounting
FIN 335 Real Estate Finance
MBA 621 and 622 International Finance
MBA 665 Entrepreneurship Principles and Practices

Bio Page

Marcus, Anthony
 
anthony.marcus@cui.edu
Anthony Marcus
Adjunct Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Over 35 years of professional experience in the legal industry. Worked for the Los Angeles District Attorney, the County Counsel, and Fuller Theological Seminary.

Dr. Marcus is the owner and founder of Anthony Marcus Law Firm and has acted as a managing partner since its inception. Dr. Marcus has been practicing law since 1989. He received his Juris Doctorate Degree Cum Laude from Alexandria University, School of Law top 5 percent of his class. To protect the United States Constitution, he later obtained his Ph.D. examining the application of international law in the United States Courts. Dr. Marcus is a dedicated litigator practicing in both Federal and State Courts. Throughout his career, he has successfully represented a diverse clientele in a broad range of complex cases. His previous experience at the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office has taught him how to be a fierce advocate for justice. Dr. Marcus is practicing before the California Superior Court, United States Southern District of California, United States Central District Court of California, and the California Court of Appeal. Dr. Marcus is affiliated with the American Bar Association, the Orange County Bar Association, and the Los Angeles Bar Association.

Education
J.D. Juris Doctorate
Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy
Courses
MBAS 613 Sports Law and Ethics
SPBU 350 Sport Law

Bio Page

Mardirosian, Rodney
 
daniel.adelseck@cui.edu
Rodney Mardirosian
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Rodney S. Mardirosian, MPH is the Manager of Business Development for Adventist Health Physicians Network, where he is responsible for growing the organization's provider network in the Southern California Region. He facilitates the seamless integration of the affiliation between the hospital network and Adventist Health Physician Network (APHN). Prior to his role at Adventist, he oversaw operations for the division of Thoracic Surgery at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center. Formally recognized for excellence in leadership and maintains an active membership in the American College of Healthcare Executives (ACHE). He is on the board for the American Lung Association, Healthcare Executives of Southern California, The Campbell Center, and on the MHA Advisory Board for Concordia University Irvine.

Bio Page

McClatchy, Robert
 
robert.mcclatchy@cui.edu
Robert McClatchy
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Robert's career spans over the transportation, finance, and nonprofit sectors where he has held operations management, controller, and CFO positions. He currently serves on the boards of Reef Check and Blue Water Photo.

Robert specializes in asset and equity valuations using hard data to develop and test pricing and forecast models.

Education
Pepperdine University, MBA
UC Riverside, Environmental Science, B.S.

Bio Page

Murrey, James A.
 
james.murrey@cui.edu
James A. Murrey
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

James A. Murrey, CPA, MBT, has experience in public accounting beginning with a local Orange County firm in 2009 followed by a Tax Manager role at WNDE in 2015.  He currently serves as a Tax Partner at Ronald Blue & Co., CPA's in tax planning and compliance for corporations, partnerships, LLC's and individuals.  

James is a Concordia University Irvine alumni specializing in serving high-net-worth individuals and mid-sized companies throughout various industries.

James lives in Orange County with his wife Megan and son Jax. He enjoys playing golf, traveling, and spending time with his family.