Antonio Medicine (SAM), 63 (9).
Bradley, C., Talbott, B., Kane, R.T. (2010). Online Discussion Strategies: Build Critical Thinking and Online Community. Ozarks Technical Community College, Springfield, MO.
Braun, N. & Kane, T (2010). The future of management. The Journal of Business Management and Entrepreneurship (JOBME), 1 (8).
Walters, K., Shaw, M.E., Lessard, D., & Kane, R.T. (2010). Innovative Professional Practices, Synergy, and eCollaboration. The eLearning Institute 2010 Virtual Conference.
Shaw, M. E., & Kane, R. T. (2010). Distance Learning Course Activities and Assessments. Missouri Distance Learning Association Conference, Springfield, MO.
Shaw, M. E., & Kane, R. T. (2009). Distance Learning Course Activities. The Fifteenth Sloan-C International Conference on Online Learning, "The Power of Online Learning: Opportunities for Tomorrow.” Orlando, FL.
Kane, R. T. (2008). Industry Roundtable. Staffing Industry Analyst Healthcare Staffing Summit, "Breaking the Ten Million Dollar Barrier”. San Francisco, CA.
Kane, R. T. (2007). Expert Panel. Staffing Industry Analyst. Healthcare Staffing Summit, "Organizing & Operating for Growth”. Chicago, IL.

Bio Page

Kinnen, Michael
(949) 214-3364
michael.kinnen@cui.edu
Michael Kinnen
Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Michael Kinnen is an expert in finance with over 20 years' managerial and executive experience in valuation and management consulting; he has 10 years' experience teaching at the university level. Prior to embarking on a career in teaching, Michael served corporate clients as an authority on valuation issues in engagements related to mergers and acquisitions, corporate valuation, capital budgeting, solvency, and restructuring. In his various academic appointments, Michael teaches MBA and undergraduate courses in the areas of corporate finance, advanced valuation techniques, real options analysis, investment management, financial statement analysis, and the use of accounting for managerial decision-making. He has also held teaching appointments at La Sierra University, Keller Graduate School of Management, and International American University.

Michael holds a Doctor of Business Administration in accounting at George Fox University. He earned an MBA with a finance concentration from University of California, Irvine, and studied English and accounting at La Sierra University. His current research interests include: identity development of high-potential employees and partners at elite professional services firms, how professionals in PSFs engage in personal reinvention as they pursue career advancement, and the relationship between employee engagement and firms’ financial performance. He also studies, consults, and writes on best practices in supporting, accelerating, and removing barriers to senior leaders’ identity development in Big 4 firms, financing entrepreneurial ventures, and the changing role of family offices in managing entrepreneurial wealth. He speaks frequently at conferences on using business cases to unleash learning and engagement.

Michael, also an expert in leadership development, is actively involved in instructional design, learning program development, and performing leadership assessments for Fortune 50 companies. His firm, MindStorm Group, provides strategic advisory services to corporate boards. An experienced executive, Michael was chief operating officer at a $50 million investment fund. At PacifiCare of California, he oversaw $400 million in budgeting. His investment banking experience includes working with over 100 corporate boards on business strategy and corporate valuation.

Education
Master of Business Administration, University of California, Irvine
B.A. – English, Loma Linda University, Riverside
Doctor of Business Administration, George Fox University
Courses
Advanced Corporate Finance
Corporate Finance
Corporate Strategy
Entrepreneurial Finance
Financial Statement Analysis
Financial Modeling & Business Forecasting
Financial Accounting
Investment Management
Leadership & Organizational Behavior
Managerial Accounting
Mergers & Acquisitions
Mergers, Acquisitions, and Divestitures
Professional Financial Planning

Bio Page

Lerner, Toni
(949)-214-3372
toni.lerner@cui.edu
Toni Lerner
Assistant Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Professor Lerner has decades of experience in the service sector and has worked on the development and sustainability of several small businesses. She loves teaching and sharing her expertise with her students and challenging them to be active participants in their education. She teaches courses on management, business ethics, marketing, and entrepreneurship. She uses a variety of real-world case studies and simulations to lead her students in discussions that are relevant and thought provoking. She enjoys helping her students explore business careers and preparing them to be successful professionals in today’s global community. She is a member of the Psi Ch