Business Administration, Concordia University, Irvine ('14)
Bachelor of Arts, University of California at Santa Barbara ('93)

Bio Page

Jameson, Joseph
 
joseph.jameson@cui.edu
Joseph Jameson
Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Joe began his business career as an award-winning stockbroker for over 10 years at Legg Mason and Metlife before entering the teaching profession. As a stockbroker, Mr. Jameson served as the IPO manager for a large branch and worked an equity trading desk for three years. Additionally, he served as Vice-Chairman on an advisory board for a de novo community bank and as a director and treasurer for an educational non-profit organization in Maryland.

He began his teaching career at Kaplan Financial Education, where he taught licensing courses for life insurance, real estate, and securities. Joe started teaching ESL classes in China and became Dean of Undergraduate Programs at a small college in Shanghai. He continued teaching ESL upon returning to his hometown for two community colleges.

Personal interests include serving as a longtime volunteer at his parish in Baltimore, Maryland. Mr. Jameson’s hobbies include reading, hiking, and traveling. He has visited nearly half of the 63 national parks in the United States. His son attends college in northern Virginia.

Education
M.B.A. in Marketing from the Loyola University of Maryland
M.A. in Education with an Emphasis in English as a Second Language from Concordia University, St. Paul
Bachelor of Arts in Government & Politics from the University of Maryland College Park

Bio Page

Kane, Todd
(505) 908-9540
robert.kane@cui.edu
Todd Kane
Assistant Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Professor Kane received his Master's of Business Administration with a specialization in Healthcare Administration from Northcentral University. He also has a Master's of Education with a concentration in Organizational Leadership, a Master's in Information Technology with a concentration in computer security and assurance, and a Graduate Certificate in Human Resources. Professor Kane's experience in business, healthcare, and healthcare administration spans more than 20 years. During that time he has served as the president and CEO of a Joint Commission Certified multi-million dollar private national healthcare recruitment, human resources, and outsourcing firm for more than a decade. Professor Kane's healthcare experience includes home health, hospital staffing, physician recruitment & placement, healthcare operations and more.

Education
MBA - Healthcare Administration
Me.D - Organizational Leadership
Publications
Kane, R. T., Shaw, M. E., Pang, S., Salley, W., & Snider, J. B. (2016, January). Relationships among faculty training, faculty degree, faculty longevity, and student satisfaction in online higher education. Journal of Online Distance Learning Administration, 18(4).
O’Bryan, A., Kane, T., & Shaw, M. (2013, April 29). Establishing an online professional development community to promote faculty engagement and excellence. Faculty Focus.
Shaw, M. E., Walters, K. J., Kane, R. T., & Long, D. M. (2012). Online Course Activities: A Survey of Assignment and Assessment Types. In Learning Management System Technologies and Software Solutions: Tools and Applications. IGI Global.
Kane, R. (2012). Career Management. School to Work Consortium. Colorado State University.
King, W. & Kane, R. (2012). Live Session Course Enhancements. IGI Global. Stevens Henager College.
Shaw, M., & Kane, R. T. (2011, July). Online Teaching Opportunities and Strategies! The Missouri Distance Learning Association Annual Conference. Springfield, MO.
Shaw, M., & Kane, R. T. (2011, April). Teaching Online and Loving It! The United States Distance Learning Association National Conference. St. Louis, MO.
Kane, T. (2010). Removing Obstacles to Student Success. Stevens Henager College- Faculty Best Practices, Colorado Springs, CO.
Kane, T (2010). Staffing gets a partner. San Antonio Medicine (SAM), 63 (9).
Bradley, C., Talbott, B., Kane, R.T. (2010). Online Discussion Strategies: Build Critical Thinking and Online Community. Ozarks Technical Community College, Springfield, MO.
Braun, N. & Kane, T (2010). The future of management. The Journal of Business Management and Entrepreneurship (JOBME), 1 (8).
Walters, K., Shaw, M.E., Lessard, D., & Kane, R.T. (2010). Innovative Professional Practices, Synergy, and eCollaboration. The eLearning Institute 2010 Virtual Conference.
Shaw, M. E., & Kane, R. T. (2010). Distance Learning Course Activities and Assessments. Missouri Distance Learning Association Conference, Springfield, MO.
Shaw, M. E., & Kane, R. T. (2009). Distance Learning Course Activities. The Fifteenth Sloan-C International Conference on Online Learning, "The Power of Online Learning: Opportunities for Tomorrow.” Orlando, FL.
Kane, R. T. (2008). Industry Roundtable. Staffing Industry Analyst Healthcare Staffing Summit, "Breaking the Ten Million Dollar 