 for a large financial institution as well as for a non-profit company. One of his favorite experiences was working ten years for the Professional Football Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio.

Dr. Wolf’s education includes his doctorate in Educational Leadership and Management preceded by degrees in Corporate Communication. Dr. Wolf has had papers presented in California, Ohio, New Mexico, and India. His two most recent peer-reviewed publications focus on the incorporation of a theoretical framework using Appreciative Inquiry to develop resiliency in businesses. He has also served as a peer reviewer for a number of publications including the International Journal of Human Resource Management. He has volunteered for a number of years for LASEC, Los Angeles Sports and Entertainment Commission.

Courses
MBA 642 Effective Communication
MBA 603 Management
MBA 678 E-commerce
BUS 261 Information Technology

Bio Page

Adjunct Faculty
Adelseck, Daniel
 
daniel.adelseck@cui.edu
Daniel Adelseck
Adjunct Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Professor Dan admires productivity, creativity, and passion for work. He graduated summa cum laude and received his doctorate from Grand Canyon University with a focus on scaling micro-enterprises. He is particularly interested in research focused on the intersections of business, technology, and faith.

Dan is a practiced investor, entrepreneur, and real estate broker. Dan invested the first years of his career in sales and strategic alliances. During this time, he developed integrated solutions with technology companies including Boeing, Oracle, Ameritrade, Experian, General Dynamics, Microsoft, and Hewlett Packard. He won numerous sales awards and was recognized as the top revenue producer and alliance builder by multiple companies.

In 2001, Dan started a real estate investment business ultimately acquiring 130 rental units in Southern California, Phoenix, and Las Vegas. Today, he has consolidated his assets into three real estate investment corporations and manages them part-time. Additionally, he has also conducted over $40,000,000 of transactions as a licensed real estate broker and investor.

He earned his undergraduate degree at UCLA with a minor in business and two master’s degrees with high honors from Biola University. He loves Jesus Christ, his beautiful wife Amy, their six children, and the gift of life. Dan travels often on trips to places including Ethiopia, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Peru, and Mexico to support missions aimed at eradicating disease and poverty.

Dan values an integrated life and the practiced synergy between one’s business, faith, and sense of adventure. Dan teaches alongside and supports organizations aimed at building entrepreneurial productivity in underprivileged areas. He continues to be active in ministry at his local church, serving for a season as Chairman of the Board. For fun, Dan may be found traversing one of our national parks or headed on an adventure around the world. This summer will include trips to the Maldives, Dubai, Alaska, and hopefully South Africa.

His calling to Concordia stems from his passion to share life and business experiences with students with the goal of seeing them succeed in both. Dan sees business as an opportunity to invest in others and better the world around him.

Bio Page

Aguas, Jake
(949) 466-6100
jake.aguas@cui.edu
Jake Aguas
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

With over 25 years of experience in the banking and market research industries, Jake has held leadership positions with two Fortune 100 companies and one of the country's top polling firms. He spent 15 years with JPMorgan Chase as a leader in its retail bank division as the Human Resources Manager for the Western United States, Regional Sales Manager, and Market Director, where he specialized in strategy, training, talent acquisition, and workforce planning.
Jake was actively involved and participated in the JPMorgan Chase and Washington Mutual Bank merger, the largest conversion in US financial services history at the time. He has been recognized by the California State Assembly and the City of Los Angeles for his contributions in business and organizational leadership.
As a consultant, Jake assists businesses with strategy, team building, training, and the design of human resource processes and procedures. He speaks regularly on emotional intelligence, leadership, and current topics in management. He is a course designer and has developed a variety of face-to-face, blended, and online courses.
Jake is bilingual and is pursuing his Ph.D. in Organizational Leadership from Regent University, and his current area of interest includes the mega-trends impacting the global business environment, specifically in regards to a multi-generational and changing workforce.

Education
M.A., Organizational Leadership, Biola University
B.A., Economics, University of California, Los Angeles
Courses

MBA Courses

Management Theory