am in Hockey Business at the Business of Hockey Institute for Athabasca University in Edmonton. In 2016, Mark had the privilege of acting as the Lead Instructor for UCLA Extension’s Custom Programs in Sports & Entertainment Marketing in Shanghai, China and served in a similar capacity for Jiaotong University of Shanghai in 2018. Mark currently serves as an advisor to IMPACT Internship LLC.

In addition to his professional academic work, Mark also boasts a wealth of consulting experience through his consulting company, MARK ONE Sports & Entertainment, whose clients have included Athleta-Ed, Edwards Technologies International, Panasonic, Business of Hockey Institute, California Center, BaAM Productions, Concordia University Irvine and UC Irvine.

Mark has in depth experience at all levels of Sports & Entertainment with significant expertise in fan/guest engagement technologies and large-scale event management and marketing. He speaks regularly on numerous topics related to the business of sports, hi-lighted by the 2019 Keynote presentation on the NCAA College Admissions Scandal, 2019 Future of Sports Conference with the LA Chargers, 2019, PrimeTime Sports Management Conference (Toronto), 2018 Keynote Presentation for Sport BC AGM, 2017 UCLA Anderson Big Data Conference, 2015 Gravity Summit & UCLA Sports Technology Panel, 2014 SATE Conference in Themed Entertainment, 2014 LA Dodgers/LA Chamber of Commerce panel on Sports Technology, and the 2014 Beverly Hills Chamber of Commerce Panel on the “Art of Negotiation in Sport.”

Through his extensive industry work, Mark has developed a deep professional network of leaders throughout all levels of sports & entertainment, many of whom appear annually during his Sports Business program at UCLA Anderson. He also serves on the international board of advisors for the European-based IBJA Sports Alliance Group.

Mark served Head Coach of the Men’s Ice Hockey program at UCLA from 2010-2017 and won the 2017 PAC 8 Conference Championship, 2013 & 2017 Crosstown Cup and 2017 Los Angeles Kings College Cup. He was also selected as one of two finalists for the PAC 8 Coach of the Year Award for 2012 and was selected as Head Coach of the PAC-8 Selects at the ACHA National Championships in Philadelphia in 2011 and 2013 respectively. Mark served a two-year term as the Associate Executive Director of the PAC 8 Men’s Hockey Conference. Prior to his move to Los Angeles in 2010, Mark served as Head Coach for the University of New Brunswick Women’s Varsity Hockey program from 2004-2007 and holds 2 USports Canada National Silver Medals and 2 Atlantic University Sport Championships as an Assistant Coach with the University of New Brunswick Men’s Ice Hockey program (1999-2004).

Bio Page

Hoenecke, Karl
(949) 214-3368
karl.hoenecke@cui.edu
Karl Hoenecke
Assistant Dean, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Karl Hoenecke completed his undergraduate studies with a degree in History from UC Santa Barbara followed by an MBA from Concordia University in Irvine. Starting at Enterprise Rent-A-Car after college, he worked his way to higher positions at New Horizons Computer Learning Centers as a General Manager and VP of Sales. His career has included stops at Great Clips, Inc. and Starbucks in store development and business advisory. After Starbucks, Karl worked for managed service provider, TeamLogic IT as the VP of Business Development, before beginning his journey with GZ6G. Most recently, Karl worked for Sports and Location Based event company, GZ6G Technologies as the Director of Sales and Operations. GZ6G specializes in media and fan experience technology for sports stadiums and large venues. Karl led the IT Services division supporting enterprise clients and local business clients alike. Hoenecke has been an adjunct professor in the Business School at Concordia for the past several years teaching classes which include, Business Franchise Solutions, Management, Sales and the MBA Capstone.

Education
Masters Business Administration, Concordia University, Irvine ('14)
Bachelor of Arts, University of California at Santa Barbara ('93)

Bio Page

Jameson, Joseph
 
joseph.jameson@cui.edu
Joseph Jameson
Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Joe began his business career as an award-winning stockbroker for over 10 years at Legg Mason and Metlife before entering the teaching profession. As a stockbroker, Mr. Jameson served as the IPO manager for a large branch and worked an equity trading desk for three years. Additionally, he served as Vice-Chairman on an advisory board for a de novo community bank and as a director and treasurer for an educational non-profit organization in Maryland.

He began his teaching career at Kaplan Financial Education, where he taught licensing courses for life insurance, real estate, and securities. Joe started teaching ESL classes in China and became Dean of Undergraduate Programs at a small college in Shanghai. He continued teaching ESL upon returning