ow
Adjunct Faculty
Biography

After receiving her Ph.D. in philosophy from the University of Arizona in 2013, Dr. Jennifer Zamzow completed a two-year post-doctoral fellowship in ethics and cognition in the Department of Philosophy and the Center for Ethics and Policy at Carnegie Mellon University. Dr. Zamzow has published work on diversity in ethical intuitions, affective forecasting in medical decision making, the ethics of theism, and how our use of moral rules, moral intuitions, and cost-benefit analysis affect the way we interpret moral requirements for ourselves and for others. She has also written about ethical issues for The Washington Post, Christianity Today, and Sojourners.

Education
B.A., Azusa Pacific University, Philosophy and Psychology
Ph.D., University of Arizona, Philosophy with a minor in Cognitive Science

Bio Page

Zoltany, Laszlo
(949) 214-3379
laszlo.zoltany@cui.edu
Laszlo Zoltany
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Professor Zoltany likes to be referred to as an entrepreneur or intrepreneur in business and in education. His philosophy of teaching evolved from embracing the concept around andragogy while working in corporate America and instructing business courses at Concordia University. He has hands on business knowledge as a Financial Manager of national, public and private organizations. Professor Zoltany considers the most important position he has ever had is teaching currently for his alumni at Concordia University as an Adjunct Professor. Some of the organizations he has worked with and learned from include: The Irvine Company, UDR, Inc., Strategic Sanitations, Inc., and The Ticket Group, Inc. His goal is to 'create the savvy business leader' by teaching the importance of global and diversity perspectives in business and future business trends.

On a personal level, my hobbies include "Tennis". My favorite sports include tennis, soccer, and basketball. My door is always open. Please feel free to e-mail me with any questions. Please remember, I am outdoors on weekends and won't always get reception, while on the courts and chasing down tennis balls. I promise to get back to you within 24 hours.

Education
MBA, Finance - Brandman University, Chapman University System, Irvine, CA
Bachelors of Art, Business Administration, Organizational Leadership - Brandman University, Chapman University System, Irvine, CA
Courses
MBA-604-Accounting
BAL-309-Finance Basics for Managers
BAL-201-Macroeconomics

Bio Page

Talk to a Professor

Connect with a Concordia professor in real-time. Get answers to your questions and learn more about our curriculum.

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

