https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/economics/IACBE-accreditation
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Economics
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
IACBE Accreditation
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
 

The School of Business and Economics at Concordia University Irvine has received specialized accreditation for its business and accounting programs through the International Accreditation Council for Business Education (IACBE) located at 11960 Quivira Road in Overland Park, Kansas, USA. For a list of accredited programs please view our IACBE member status page.

IACBE accreditation helps to ensure that your business degree is one of quality. Our programs have undergone a rigorous self-evaluation and on-site evaluation by highly-trained reviewers. In addition, Concordia University Irvine and its academic business unit have demonstrated a commitment to excellence in business education and are involved in a continuous quality improvement process based on the assessment of student learning outcomes.

This rigorous accreditation process, which included program reviews and a campus visit by the IACBE Board of Commissioners, found that the School of Business and Economics met or exceeded IACBE principles in the categories of: outcomes assessment, strategic planning, curriculum, faculty, scholarly and professional activities, resources, internal and external relationships, international business education, and education innovation. During the accreditation visit, the School of Business and Economics was commended by the IACBE for "its excellent work in engaging advisory board members in the activities of the school and in selecting highly-committed and involved advisory board members". Advisory boards are critical members of the Concordia business community and are instrumental in strategic planning, career alignment, alumni relations, networking with employers, career preparation, and industry trends.

The IACBE accreditation evaluates academic quality in terms of educational outcomes and must be renewed annually. It is valid for a maximum of seven years, through July 2023.

INNOVATING ASSESSMENT

As student-leaders on campus, Celina Stratton and Danny Balogh were given the task of creating assessment tools to measure students’ enjoyment and growth in intramural sports and Concordia Cares, a community service program.

READ ARTICLE
About the School of Business and Economics at Concordia University Irvine

The School of Business and Economics is home to the largest undergraduate program at Concordia University Irvine. Accredited by the International Accreditation Council for Business Education (IACBE), the undergraduate economics and business administration program offers emphases in accounting, business data analytics, finance, international business, management, marketing, and sports business. The MBA program focuses on business practice with flexibility for working professionals. Faculty include entrepreneurs and executives.

Additionally, the School of Business and Economics is home to the Center for Faith and Business, the annual Faith & Business Forum, the Business Insight Series, the Center for Civics Education, the Teen Entrepreneurship Academy, the Kid Entrepreneur Academy and the Institute for Strategic Marketing.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

