Thursday, October 30, 2014

Leadership expert, CEO, Entrepreneur, Princeton University Entrepreneurship Professor, and Start-up Coach, Dr. Derek B. Lidow, founder/CEO (iSuppli) and authority on the global electronics industry, will shared findings from his research and book, “Startup Leadership.”

"Ego vs. EQ – How Top Leaders Beat 8 Ego Traps With Emotional Intelligence"
Speaker: Jen Shirkani
Date: Thursday, September 18, 2014

Emotional Intelligence Expert and Author Jen Shirkani Offers Insights from Her Book “Ego vs EQ,” nominated for a 2014 USA Best Book Award

"What Great Brands Do, Seven Brand Building Principles That Separate the Best from the Rest"
Speaker: Denise Lee Yohn
Date: Friday, October 27 2017

Business leader and Author of What Great Brands Do, Seven Brand Building Principles That Separate the Best from the Rest

"The Three E's of Entrepreneurship: Experience, Enthusiasm, & Excellence"
Speaker: Tracey Jones
Date: Thursday, September 12, 2013

President, Tremendous Life Books (Pennsylvania)

"Fire Your Excuses and Perform at a Higher Level. It's Time!"
Speaker: Dr. Bill Dyment & Associates (Costa Mesa, CA)
Date: Wednesday, January 23, 2013

Author, Fire Your Excuses

"Entrepreneurism: Insights on Increasing Corporate Value and Speeding Growth in Today's Global Economy"
Speaker: Dave Berkus, Berkus Technology Ventures, LLC
Date: November 15, 2012

Author of Basic Berkonomics, Berkonomics, & Advanced Berkonmonics

"Learn How To Make Your Ideas Fly"
Speaker: Charles Lee, CEO, Ideation
Date: September 27, 2012

Author of Author of Good Idea. Now What?

The presentation was to help individuals, companies, and organizations that are seeking to better implement their ideas.

"7 Practices of a Godly Business Leader"
Speaker: Rick Boxx, President and Founder of Integrity Resources Center
Date: August 23, 2012

In the fast-paced, secular business world, many Christians leave their faith at the door. Businessman, author, radio personality, and speaker, Rick Boxx, had some Biblical insights to share.

Special thanks to our sponsors
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

