https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/business/business-insights-series
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

School of Business and Economics

Related Links 
Request Info
Apply Now
BUSINESS INSIGHT SERIES
School of Business and Economics
Sponsors
Upcoming Events
From Shark Tank, To Bankruptcy and Back!
Speaker: Kristoffer Quiaoit
Date: Wednesday, February 28, 2024
Time: 5:00 pm
Location: Spectrum Campus, Cafe - Click for Map Here

REGISTER HERE

From Shark Tank, to Bankruptcy and Back: Join Us for an Inspiring Evening with Kristoffer Quiaoit, Cofounder Good Journey Donuts!

In collaboration with the Business Insight Series and SoBE Mixer, We're thrilled to invite you to an exclusive event that promises to be as inspiring as it is delicious. Alumni, Family, Friends, MBA and MBAS Students are all welcome to attend!

Why Attend?

Insider Insights: Hear firsthand from Kristoffer Quiaoit, Co-Founder of Good Journey Donuts, about his rollercoaster journey from the Shark Tank stage to facing bankruptcy and his triumphant comeback
Networking: Connect with like-minded professionals and enthusiasts
Business Insights Series
About the Business Insights Series

The Business Insights Series (BIS) is presented by the School of Business and Economics. Speakers address topics of interest and concern to business leaders in the Southern California region. The distinguished speaker series is held quarterly showcasing experts in their fields. This program provides strategic insights for growing businesses and developing high-performing leaders, contributing to one’s professional and personal growth while contributing to the economic vitality of the region.

The BIS provides
Timely insights from leading business and academic experts
Best business practices
Continuing education for professional development and your personal leadership capabilities
Specifically designed for business owners, and senior executives and emerging leaders of growing enterprises

“I want to thank you for leading and hosting the Business Insight Series this morning. It is a great opportunity for me to receive some good insight on business topics written by the business leaders of our day. In addition, it is an opportunity for me to minster to my team that I work with and bring them to a Christian event that they may not otherwise attend. The topics are relevant to our lives as businessmen and in a Christian setting, expose some to the gospel that may not have come on their own. I just want to send a quick note of appreciation and let you know that I look forward to participating in future events. Thank you”
Mark, VP

Contact

For more information regarding the Business Insights Series, to suggest speakers or topics or become a sponsor, please contact our School of Business & Economics Assistant Dean, Karl Hoenecke, karl.hoenecke@cui.edu or call Karl Hoenecke at 949-214-3368

Join Our Mailing List

Join our list and we'll get event info to you.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email Address
SUBMIT
Past Events
Clint Malarchuk
Speaker: Clint Malarchuck
Date: Wednesday, October 25, 2023
Time:
7:15am: check-in
7:30am-8:30am: Breakfast and Networking
8:30am: Clint Malarchuk's talk begins
Location: Concordia University Irvine, CU Center and Patio - Click for Map Here

Presentation and Breakfast Prices:

Free book signing the day of the event
Attendee: $30
Concordia University Irvine Alumni: $20
Concordia Undergraduate Student: Complimentary
Group of 4: $100
Breakfast Sponsor: $1250 (includes 10 tickets and front row seating at the event)

The Cowboy Goalie

Clint Malarchuk, a native of Grande Prairie, Alberta played junior hockey in the Western Hockey League. He went on to play in the NHL for the Quebec Nordiques, the Washington Capitals, and the Buffalo Sabres, and in the IHL for the Las Vegas Thunder. In 1987 Clint was a named to the NHL AllStar team and 1989 was the recipient of the Punch Imlack award for leadership and dedication to the game of hockey.

Malarchuk survived a life-threatening injury during a 1989 NHL game when a player's skate made contact with his neck, slicing his jugular vein causing immediate massive blood loss.

After his career as a player, he served as head coach of the IHL Las Vegas Thunder and the Idaho Steelheads. He was then a goaltending coach for the NHL Florida Panthers, Columbus Blue Jackets, Atlanta Thrashers, and Calgary Flames.

Living 20 years with undiagnosed PTSD which lead to a suicide attempt in 2008, Clint recovered physically, mentally and emotionally to become a Mental Health Advocate and renowned Professional Speaker on Mental Health and his journey living with OCD, PTSD, Depression and Anxiety.

Clint is the recipient of an Honorary Doctorate on June 8th, 2017 from Nipissing University in North Bay, ON, Canada

Also a recipient of the AMHCA Presidents Award 2023, in recognition Clint for his dedication and outstanding service to the Mental Health Profession.