ves as Executive Chairman.Today, in addition to visiting with the grandkids and walking Truman, their Australian Shepherd, Dean and his wife Angie devote time to their i-Rise Foundation, which seeks to increase opportunities for underserved youth around the world.For coaching, mentoring, or just a conversation about your journey, feel free to reach out to Dean at dstoecker@alteryx.com or via LinkedIn.

Publisher: Gatekeeper Press (February 17, 2022)
Language: English
Paperback: 184 pages
IBSN-10: 1662923147
IBSN-13: 978-1662923142
Item Weight: 9 ounces
Dimensions: 6 x 0.42 x 9 inches
Best Seller Rank: #376,563 in Books (See Top 100 in Books)
#1,480 in Business Professional's Biographies
#3,181 in Entrepreneurship (Books)
#6,173 in Education Theory (Books)
Customer Reviews: 4.7 out of 5 stars 12 ratings
Storytelling: The Future of Marketing
Speaker: Sonya Lee
Date: January 23, 2020
Time: 7:00am-8:30am
Location: Concordia University Irvine Grimm Hall North, H.E. Durbin ’93 Family Conference Center 1530 Concordia West, Irvine, CA 92612

Networking and breakfast: 7:00 a.m.

Speaker: 7:30 a.m. to 8:15 a.m.

It all starts with the shifts your business is trying to make, your growth strategy, and the aspirations for your product. We can address these through product & brand strategy, positioning, design development, visual identity, customer and user experience, and software, app, platform development.

Learning Opportunities:

Best practices to attract, retain and engage customers.
The difference between user experience (UX) and customer experience (CX).
How to instill design-thinking, journey maps to lift your revenue by 40%

About the Speaker: Sonya Lee is a keynote speaker, startup consultant and UX design expert. By age 26, she became an award-winning web designer and has the honor of being called “disruptive” when helping Bob Iger, the CEO of Disney, launch Disney.com. She has worked on brands for Warner Bros, AT&T, TrueCar, Adobe, and Cisco, and launched several companies.

With more than 20 years of experience in branding, product design, technology, and marketing, she now helps Fortune 100 companies and business owners tell better stories for visibility, momentum and growth. Sonya is also the founder of UX Your LifeTM and the UserXTM Method; frameworks designed to maximize growth and revenue.

Communication is a Contact Sport
Speaker: James McPartland
Date: Tuesday, September 17, 2019

Master the challenging art of communication! James dives deep into exactly what is required for effective connection, underlining the importance of intentional interaction between those involved. He shares how to enter into conversation with focus and a willingness to share the space. You will gain a fresh perspective on the meaning of full engagement and how to connect in a way that is authentic and purposeful, allowing for mutual understanding despite potentially differing points of view. Learn healthier approaches to communication that will strengthen both personal and professional relationships. Understand the value of listening, the power of silence, and walk away with inspiring new strategies for achieving greater communication success.

James McPartland has over 25 years of experience working with CEOs and executives in such companies as Bank of America, IBM, Nespresso, Kellogg’s, Dow Chemical, Athletes First, and 24 Hour Fitness. He is the author of the critically acclaimed Unopened Gifts, a non-traditional business novel series aimed at helping leaders recognize how their personal issues and style contribute to their business’s challenges and how to change them.

Emotional Intelligence for Improving Your Leadership
Speaker: Steve VerBurg
Date: Thursday, June 6, 2019

The Emotional Intelligence for Improving Your Leadership workshop focused on how you can lead with Emotional Intelligence to help identify your own strengths and weaknesses in order to take control of your actions and feelings. Then you can focus on understanding others and on using effective approaches to build collaboration.

Participants Empowered to:

Build an atmosphere of enhanced trust, credibility and respect.
Identify your style and how you react under pressure
Modify your behavior to influence the attitudes and actions of others.

Steve VerBurg is the co-owner of Dale Carnegie of Orange County. He specializes in helping organizations plan and implement employee engagement programs that guide teams to increase profitably, production and performance. He is also an author, speaker, consultant, coach, and corporate trainer.

Leading Generation Z
Speaker: Jake Aguas
Date: Tuesday, April 23, 2019

Jake Aguas is an organizational consultant, entrepreneur, and professor of management. With nearly three decades of experience in the banking and market research industries, Jake has held leadership positions with Fortune 100 companies as well as with one of the country’s top polling firms. He spent 15 years with JPMorgan Chase as a leader in its retail b