anging Business Culture From the Inside Out Learn the best at your craft by mastering yourself and taking massive, determined action. How to be an effective leader intentionally helping others and adding value to their lives. How to interpret trends and apply them within your organization to create alignment. Justin Nimergood is a high-energy, competitive and methodical channel sales leader who is well versed in leading cross-functional, matrixed teams to achieve measurable growth objectives by fostering collaboration and communication.

"Make Big Happen: How to Live, Work, and Give Big"
Speaker: Mark Moses
Date: Friday, January 12, 2018

Founding Partner, CEO Coaching International, Speaker

Author of the international bestselling book, Make Big Happen: How to Live, Work and Give Big.

Learn what it takes to be a top performer and build the life you want, to overcome adversity in your business and life, and ask better questions to get better results. Mark Moses’ firm coaches clients on how to dramatically grow their revenue and profits; implement the most effective strategies; become better leaders; grow their people; build accountability systems and evaluate their own performance.

"The Secret to Top Level Performance in Business and Life"
Speaker: Dr. Betty Uribe
Date: Friday, October 27 2017

Founding Partner, CEO Coaching International, Speaker

Author of the international bestselling book, Make Big Happen: How to Live, Work and Give Big.

Learn what it takes to be a top performer and build the life you want, to overcome adversity in your business and life, and ask better questions to get better results. Mark Moses’ firm coaches clients on how to dramatically grow their revenue and profits; implement the most effective strategies; become better leaders; grow their people; build accountability systems and evaluate their own performance.

The Power of Emotional Connection in Leadership
Speaker: Lola Gershfeld, PsyD
Date: Thursday, March 16, 2017

Board Dynamics Specialist, Founder, and CEO of Level Five Executive, Newport Beach (Orange County, CA). Author of TRUSTMAKERS and Effective Board Dynamics Guide for CEOs and Directors. Everyone wants to be a more effective leader – becoming one starts with emotional connection. Understanding emotion allows you to increase trust, collaboration, and results.

Building Blocks for Breakthrough Results (Or 52 Hot Tips to Get You Started)
Speaker: Joan Smith
Date: Thursday, January 28, 2016

Over 100,000 business leaders have learned business-changing breakthrough strategies from Joan over the last ten years. Using her “straight talk” approach, she has enabled people to go beyond their expectations. And she can help you get your new year started off right.

The 4 Essentials of Entrepreneurial Thinking: What Successful People Didn’t Learn in School
Speaker: Cliff Michael
Date: Thursday, November 5, 2015

Entrepreneur, NY Times bestselling author, Strategic Coach & Venture Consultant---Essential Trainer for Business Leaders & Entrepreneurs

Pick Up Stix: The Making of a Brand - The Founder's Insights
Speaker: Charles Zhang, Founder, Pick Up Stix and Founder/CEO, Zion Enterprises
Date: Thursday, September 17, 2015

Entrepreneur, NY Times bestselling author, Strategic Coach & Venture Consultant---Essential Trainer for Business Leaders & Entrepreneurs

"The Business Case for Servant Leadership-How Culture Trumps Strategy"
Speaker: Art Barter
Date: Thursday, April 9, 2015

Owner and Cultural Architect, Datron World Communications, Inc.

CEO & Founder, Servant Leadership Institute

"The Leadership Challenge: How To Make Extraordinary Things Happen In Organizations"
Speaker: Barry Posner
Date: Tuesday, February 10, 2015

Featured world-renowned leadership expert, speaker and author Dr. Barry Z. Posner, named as one of the nation’s top management and leadership educators.

"Startup Leadership: How Savvy Entrepreneurs Turn Their Ideas Into Successful Enterprises"
Speaker: Dr. Derek B. Lidow
Date: Thursday, October 30, 2014

Leadership expert, CEO, Entrepreneur, Princeton University Entrepreneurship Professor, and Start-up Coach, Dr. Derek B. Lidow, founder/CEO (iSuppli) and authority on the global electronics industry, will shared findings from his research and book, “Startup Leadership.”

"Ego vs. EQ – How Top Leaders Beat 8 Ego Traps With Emotional Intelligence"
Speaker: Jen Shirkani
Date: Thursday, September 18, 2014

Emotional Intelligence Expert and Author Jen Shirkani Offers Insights from Her Book “Ego vs EQ,” nominated for a 2014 USA Best Book Award

"What Great Brands Do, Seven Brand Building Principles That Separate the Best from the Rest"
Speaker: Denise Lee Yohn
Date: Friday, October 27 2017

Business leader and Author of What Great Brands Do, Seven Brand Building Principles That Separate the Best from the Rest

"The Three E's of Entrepreneurship: Experience, Enthusiasm, & Excellence"
Speaker: Tracey Jones
Date: Thursday, September 12, 2013

President, Tremendous Lif