nd on using effective approaches to build collaboration.

Participants Empowered to:

Build an atmosphere of enhanced trust, credibility and respect.
Identify your style and how you react under pressure
Modify your behavior to influence the attitudes and actions of others.

Steve VerBurg is the co-owner of Dale Carnegie of Orange County. He specializes in helping organizations plan and implement employee engagement programs that guide teams to increase profitably, production and performance. He is also an author, speaker, consultant, coach, and corporate trainer.

Leading Generation Z
Speaker: Jake Aguas
Date: Tuesday, April 23, 2019

Jake Aguas is an organizational consultant, entrepreneur, and professor of management. With nearly three decades of experience in the banking and market research industries, Jake has held leadership positions with Fortune 100 companies as well as with one of the country’s top polling firms. He spent 15 years with JPMorgan Chase as a leader in its retail bank division, notably serving as its Human Resource Manager for Talent Acquisition for the Western United States.

His work has been featured in academic journals, industry conferences, and he is the author of an upcoming book on generational difference to be published by Kendall Hunt Publishing.

VIEW PRESENTATION

Creating a Culture of Happiness: Transform Your Organization’s Culture and Improve Business Outcomes
Speaker: Nancy Drew
Date: Tuesday, January 29, 2019

Nancy Drew is an accomplished health and wellness expert and cable TV reporter for the Wellness Channel. Her energetic, fun and fresh approach has made her the go-to authority for inspiring business leaders and giving them the tools to create healthier, happier and more successful companies and employees. Nancy’s memorable and action-packed presentations take audiences on a journey filled with laughter and tears as she shares her own experiences, from being homeless to rising to the top of the health and wellness industry, and working with the likes of Interpol Policing, Waste Management and Chevron. Ms. Drew’s accomplishments include winning the San Diego Business Journal Women Who Mean Business Award and regular television appearances as a fitness and health coach on Wake-Up San Diego and the Wellness Hour. Nancy also spends endless hours working with high risk teens and foster care kids teaching healthy life skills including how to build resiliency and live happy fulfilled lives. Nancy captivates audiences and leads them through a transformative experience, empowering them with exciting and easy-to-implement strategies for enhancing health and happiness, increasing performance and productivity, and realizing that in business and in life you really can have it all!

How to Understand & Mitigate the Unintended Consequences of Your Business Decisions
Speaker: Richard Franzi
Date: Tuesday, October 16, 2018

Richard Franzi is the Founder and CEO of Critical Mass for Business, a premium social/peer learning firm for executives who lead firms with annual revenue between $5 million and $50 million. He is a business partner with Renaissance Executive Forums, a leading international advisory board firm founded in 1994 and currently chairs CEO Peer Groups' throughout Los Angeles and and Orange County, CA. Richard's work and research have been featured in national media: Forbes.com, INC.com, CNBC.com, American Express OPEN Forum, and various talk shows, as well as Southern California publications: Orange County Business Journal, Orange County Register, and OC Metro Minute. His business talk show, Critical Mass Radio Show, has showcased over 1,200 interviews and is available on iTunes, iHeart Radio, Sticher and various podcasting platforms.

Intrapreneurship: Changing Business Culture from the Inside Out
Speaker: Justin Nimergood
Date: Tuesday, April 3, 2018

Business Coach, Organizational Consultant, Motivational Speaker/Trainer, Former Western U.S Leader, CISCO Author of Intrapreneurship: Changing Business Culture From the Inside Out Learn the best at your craft by mastering yourself and taking massive, determined action. How to be an effective leader intentionally helping others and adding value to their lives. How to interpret trends and apply them within your organization to create alignment. Justin Nimergood is a high-energy, competitive and methodical channel sales leader who is well versed in leading cross-functional, matrixed teams to achieve measurable growth objectives by fostering collaboration and communication.

"Make Big Happen: How to Live, Work, and Give Big"
Speaker: Mark Moses
Date: Friday, January 12, 2018

Founding Partner, CEO Coaching International, Speaker

Author of the international bestselling book, Make Big Happen: How to Live, Work and Give Big.

Learn what it takes to be a top performer and build the life you want, to overcome adversity in your business and life, and ask better questions to get better results. Mark Moses’ firm coaches clients o