https://www.cui.edu/centers-institutes/center-global-business
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

School of Business and Economics

Strategic Marketing
Center for Global Business
CENTER FOR GLOBAL BUSINESS
Centers & Institutes
Center for Global Business

The purpose of the Center is to better prepare our students undergraduate and MBA students for the 21st century global workforce. Students need to be more internationally-aware and cross-culturally adept. We need a new generation of leaders who can reach across borders with a global perspective, students with a base of skills and experiences including first-hand exposure to other countries and cultures. We aspire to help our students establish and deepen relationships around the globe, enabling students to understand and navigate the rich tapestry of global values, cultures and business practices. The Center’s programs will assist in educating and preparing tomorrow’s global business leaders: changing lives, connecting countries and forging a shared future of global commerce around the world.

In addition, the Center is developing relationships with a variety of universities across the globe as well as connecting with global businesses located here in Orange County, CA. Half of our MBA students originate from other regions of the globe; however, half of those students are resident in Orange County. International students bring a diverse set of skills, perspectives and opportunities out of which to develop value in the broadest sense. We will expand our business relationships regionally by connecting our students with local global businesses, as well as through international summer internships, study abroad, international exchanges at the student and faculty level, joint degree programs and travel tours.

The Center will address the full range of global business opportunities in all countries, with an initial focus on the emerging Association of Southwest Asian Nations (ASEAN) and opportunities presented there for value creation. Efforts will also address other global opportunities including but not limited to Mexico, Canada, Central and South America, the Middle East, Africa and Europe.

School of Business and Economics
Concordia University Irvine
1530 Concordia W
Irvine, CA 92612

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

