https://www.cui.edu/centers-institutes/center-for-civics-education
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Center for Civics Education

About
Documents
Resources
Blog
Programs
Constitution Week
Becoming America
Beyond Degrees
Donate
Contact 
Can You Pass the Civics Test?
44% of natural born American citizens cannot pass the test... Can You?
TAKE THE TEST
Welcome

Welcome to the Center for Civics Education at Concordia University Irvine. The Center’s mission is to train and develop citizens and leaders to effectively engage in public policy decision-making through seminars, workshops, dialogues, debates, internship programs and collaboration with business, civic, philanthropic, government, political, ethnic and religious organizations and institutions.

The Center focuses specifically on developing wise, honorable and cultivated citizens and servant leaders for active participation in the public arena based on principles of civility, individual liberty and responsibility, the common good and representative government.

The Center is non-partisan and welcomes discussions and debates based on the principles underlying “marketplace of ideas,” including civility, mutual respect and informed participation.

Our Purpose

We encourage the study of America's history, its founding principles and core documents, as well as their development over time, to equip students of all ages to effectively engage in constitutional self-government as informed citizens and participants in the civic life of their communities and the United States.

Recognizing the uniqueness of the American experience in democratic self-government and that it remains a work in progress, the Center aggressively promotes the knowledge and skill necessary for all citizens to effectively exercise their rights and responsibilities to assure the preservation of individual liberties and the common good of the general community.

As a net-working non-profit organization, we partner with organizations and institutions sharing our mission as well as developing our own programs and projects to promote opportunities for learning and civic engagement, as well as participating in difficult but civil conversations.

Vision

Communities of wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens and servant leaders engaged in civic life based on Constitutional principles of individual liberty, the common good, civility and representative government.

Mission

To strengthen the capacity of students and citizens to effectively participate in Constitutional self-government and form a more perfect union through educational programs focusing on the founding principles of the United States, civility, individual responsibility and the common good.

Connect with the Center of Civics Education
 
 

For more information, please contact the Director:

Dr. Jo Ellen Chatham
Director, Center for Civics Education
JoEllen.Chatham@cui.edu
949-214-3200

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

