 world financial environment, and the role of multinational corporations including international sourcing, marketing, and management for global business. Prerequisite: MGT 321.

MGT 326: New Ventures and Entrepreneurship
3

This course will explore the methods of business ownership including startup, franchise, and firm acquisition with a practical emphasis on screening initial business ideas, accessing information sources, defining customer benefits, developing strategic posture, analyzing markets and competitors, and creating a comprehensive business plan including the theoretical development of a new venture establishment enhanced by guest lecturers experienced in startup ventures. Prerequisite: MGT 321.

MKT 341: Marketing
3

This is a survey course of marketing principles and theory. The course supports a practical applied approach to the marketing mix, consumer and industrial markets, market research, plus the challenges of the competitive marketplace. The course also includes an introduction to the issues of globalization. Prerequisite: BUS 201. Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

