https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/contact-us
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Explore Concordia
Undergraduate Admissions
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
ESPAÑOL
Concordia University Irvine

At Concordia University Irvine, you’re free to explore your future, your faith, and all of your life’s callings.

Explore Over 60 Programs

Find a career-relevant major, minor, or program that speaks to you and your interests. Study on campus or online and learn in small, collaborative classes taught by Christian faculty.

Examine Life's Toughest Questions

Our Enduring Questions & Ideas curriculum will challenge you to explore life’s toughest questions and prepare you with the lifelong skills you need now and into the future.

Grow in Your Faith

At Concordia, you have the option to attend Chapel, Bible studies, mission trips, and more. Here, you can explore the Christian faith and develop your own relationship with God.

Join a Caring Community

Whether you take classes on campus or earn your degree online, you’ll be part of a close, connected community that’s committed to your growth.

Let's Get Started
Majors, Minors and Programs
Transfer to Concordia
Tuition and Financial Aid
Application and Deadlines
Student Experience
Visit Concordia
“Concordia is preparing me for my various callings in life through professors who connect with me and challenge me and an internship that has given me great career advice and experience.”

Emma M. ’23

Majors, Minors, and Programs

Concordia prepares you for a life of learning, service, and leadership through rigorous education that is designed to challenge you and help you grow. The classes you take and the experiences you have will ​​prepare you for your vocations in life. Discover your callings at Concordia.

60+

MAJORS, MINORS, AND PROGRAMS

1,337

UNDERGRADUATES ENROLLED

15:1

STUDENT-TO-FACULTY RATIO

What are you interested in?

SEE ALL MAJORS

Tuition and Financial Aid
Business Major & Hispanic Scholarship Fund Recipient
Concordia puts opportunities there for anyone to grasp, and I've tried to take all of them as best as I could.

- Diego Del Risco Orbegoso '20

Concordia is committed to making higher education affordable. We offer merit- and need-based scholarships, as well as music and athletic scholarships, and we award more than $58 million in federal, state, and institutional assistance each year. In fact, all of our students receive some form of financial aid. What’s more, it’s possible — and completely normal — to graduate in four years from Concordia. This translates into significant savings and stronger financial health as you start the next chapter of your life.

$58

+ Million
in financial aid awarded annually

100%

of students receive financial aid

LEARN MORE
ABOUT FINANCIAL AID

Application and Deadlines

For traditional undergraduate students, Concordia offers start dates in both fall and spring. Find your application due date below!

Admissions Standards
 	Avg for incoming students
GPA	3.42
SAT (Critical Reading + Math)	Not Required
ACT Composite	Not Required
Application Deadlines
Application Status	Apply By
Spring	 
Regular Decision 	January 5
Fall
Early Action	November 15
Early Action II	February 15
Rolling Admissions	August 15

APPLY FOR FREE NOW

Student Life
EXPLORE YOUR INTERESTS 
Living on Campus
DISCOVER OUR COMMUNITY 
Career & Campus Resources
MEET YOUR GOALS 
Spiritual Life
SEE WHAT WE BELIEVE 
Explore Concordia

In your college search, it’s important that you find the right fit for you. Schedule a campus tour today to experience our beautiful campus and bright, supportive community! You also have the option to request a Virtual Admissions Session.

SCHEDULE A CAMPUS TOUR

Admitted students

Talk to your Admissions Counselor
Get your questions answered about Financial Aid
View our Admitted Students Checklist

Visit us at one of our upcoming Admissions events

VISIT CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE

Can’t make it to campus? Take a virtual tour today!

EXPLORE OUR CAMPUS NOW

Request Info

Want to know more about Concordia University Irvine? Let one of our admissions counselors get in touch with you and answer any questions you might have.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

