https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Theatre/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theatre Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Contact 
Get Started
THEATRE MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Meet the Team
Aceves jr., Christopher
 
 
Assistant Technical Director, Resident Costume Designer
Education
Concordia University Irvine - Irvine, CA, BA in Theatrical Design
Biography

Christopher is a 2022 graduate of Concordia University Irvine's Theatre Department. He now guides and assists students in the theatre department as the Assistant Technical Director and Resident Costume Designer. He has received both the 2021 National and 2021 Regional Kennedy Center American College Theatre awards for costume design for his work on Endgame, as well as the National Partners of the American Theatre Costume Design Award. In 2023, Christopher also received an Honorable mention award for theatrical design excellence in costume design for Concordia’s New Works Festival II.

Christopher’s professional and student costume design credits include A Doll’s House part 2, Godspell, Eurydice, New Works Festival, New Works Festival II, Endgame, Every Brilliant Thing, Devised Piece - The Game of Life, Perspective, This Side of Heaven, and Failure: A Love Story.

Mortenson, Autumn
 
autumn.mortenson@cui.edu
Dance Instructor
Education
Master of Fine Arts in Dance - UC Irvine
Bachelor of Arts - Theatre and Dance, Dance Emphasis = Santa Clara University
Biography

Autumn teaches the ballet, jazz, modern, tap, hip hop and dance for health classes.

She trained nationally and internationally in Ballet, Modern, Jazz, Tap, Hip Hop, Improvisation, Capoeira, and West African. Autumn has been teaching dance for more than twenty years for ages 2-adult in multiple studios and schools. She directed and chaired the Dance Department at Valley Christian High School’s Conservatory for 9 years in San Jose, California.

Autumn has toured professionally as a dancer, choreographer, and teacher in Australia, Austria, Czech Republic, Germany, Indonesia, Japan, New Zealand, Ukraine, Venezuela, and throughout the U.S. She was awarded the “Artistic and Academic Achievement Award” from Santa Clara University, the “Talent Award” at Miss California, a full scholarship to UCI’s MFA in Dance program, and was named in the “Who’s Who of America’s Teachers” for her work at Valley Christian High School in San Jose.

To date, she has choreographed more than 300 pieces. Her work has been showcased at Project Dance NYC, LA Invitational Dance Consortium, Pasadena Dance Festival, UC Irvine, Concordia University, Fullerton College, Santa Clara University, the Sydney Olympics and ParaOlympics with “More Than Gold,” Valley Christian High School, Kings Academy, Leigh High School, USA Regional and National Competitions, and multiple studios’ productions.

She and her husband have 3 beautiful children and serve actively at their church.

Senkbeil, Peter
(949) 214-3202
peter.senkbeil@cui.edu
Professor of Theatre, Vice President, Special Assistant to the President
Biography

Peter Senkbeil is Executive Vice President at Concordia University Irvine, where he has been a faculty member in the Theatre Department since 1992. He has directed over 30 full-length plays, including Songs for a New World, Falling, Till We Have Faces, The Importance of Being Earnest, The Cherry Orchard, Much Ado about Nothing, The Iraq War Project (also co-author), Paper Wings, Cabaret, and Working. His recent acting credits include Romeo and Juliet, The Comedy of Errors, As You Like It, Twelfth Night, The Hiding Place, It’s a Wonderful Life, and Shadowlands.

In 2004, Dr. Senkbeil received the Excellence in Education award from the Kennedy Center/American College Theater Festival. Dr. Senkbeil serves on the editorial board of Ecumenica, a journal of the performing arts, faith, and society. He is a member of the Association for Theatre in Higher Education (ATHE) and a founding member of Christians in Theatre Arts (CITA), an international arts networking organization; he served four terms on CITA’s board of directors. His doctoral dissertation is “Faith in Theatre: Professional Theatres Run by Christians in the United States and Canada and Their Strategies for Faith-Art Integration.” He has published articles and given presentations on Christianity and the arts, and he wrote the chapter on the arts for the book The Idea and Practice of a Christian University: A Lutheran Approach (Concordia Publishing House, 2015). Dr. Senkbeil and his family are active members of St. John’s Lutheran Church in Orange, California.

Education
B.A. – Communication and Theatre – Concordia University, Chicago
M.A. – Theatre – Northwestern University
Ph.D. – Theatre and Drama – Northwestern University
Curriculum Vitae
Siekmann, Lori
(949) 214-3426
lori.sie