I’s production of Pride and Prejudice (Mrs. Bennet).

Prior to her arrival at Concordia University - Irvine, Lori taught and directed for 11 years at Concordia University - Chicago, in the Art/Communication/Theatre Department.

Sierszyn, Andrew
(949) 214-3428
andrew.sierszyn@cui.edu
Resident Designer/Technical Director
Education
Illinois State University, Normal, IL, MFA in Scenic Design, Advisor: John C. Stark
Wisconsin Lutheran College – Milwaukee, WI, BA in Theatre and Art
Technical Intern – Alley Stage Theatre, Mineral Point, WI
Teaching Experience
2014-15 – Technical Director and Instructor - Racine Prairie High School – Racine, WI
2013-14 – Graduate Teaching Assistantship - Illinois State University – Normal, IL
Biography

Andrew brings a wealth of experience and education to his work at Concordia where he teaches courses in stagecraft, scenic design, and lighting and sound design. He mentors students in the design and technical production emphasis and oversees all student designers in his role as technical director. In 2023, he received the Excellence in Education Award from the Kennedy Center American College Theater Festival.

Andrew’s work as a scenic designer and charge artist includes professional summer stock at the Monomoy Theatre in Chatham, Massachusetts where his credits include: The Man Who Came To Dinner, Twelfth Night, Death Trap, Kiss Me Kate, Shakespeare in Hollywood, She Loves Me, The Odd Couple And Then There Were None, George Washington Slept Here, Henry IV, The Last of the Red Hot Lovers, and 1776 as well as Arsenic and Old Lace at the Sunset Playhouse, and The Magical Mind of Billy Shakespeare for the Illinois Shakespeare Festival. He has served as a technical director for productions at Sunset Playhouse, Illinois Shakespeare Festival, and Illinois State University.

Andrew designed prolifically in college as well. At Wisconsin Lutheran College he designed Gulf View Drive, See Rock City, Last Train to Nibroc, and Curse of an Aching Heart. At Illinois State University he designed Pericles, Spring Awakening, Tales of the Lost Formicans, Noises Off, and Cloud Nine.

Just previous to coming to Concordia, Andrew taught and served as the technical director and instructor at Racine Prairie High School where he designed, painted and served as technical director for the productions of Pippin, and Dead Man Walking.

Prof. Sierszyn's Professional Design Work
Vaughn, Susanna
 
susanna.vaughn@cui.edu
Adjunct Instructor
Education
M.F.A. Musical Theatre - San Diego State University
B.A. Theatre Arts - Azusa Pacific University
Biography

Susanna Vaughan is a performer, director, choreographer, and educator. She has performed professionally at Musical Theatre West, The Old Globe, San Diego Musical Theatre, and Moonlight Amphitheatre, among others. At San Diego State University, she taught Acting, Musical Theatre History, and guest-lectured in Musical Theatre Dance. For three years she served on the board of Azusa Renaissance Theatre, a grassroots community arts organization that provided arts education to low-income students and focused on telling community stories. She has trained in New York for dance at STEPS on Broadway, sketch comedy at The Actors' Project NYC, and in Shakespeare at A Noise Within in Pasadena. She is a member of Musical Theatre Educators' Alliance and an Equity Membership Candidate. She also serves as an adjunct professor of musical theatre at Fullerton College and directs and choreographs at local high schools.

Curriculum Vitae
Vezner, Tony
(949) 214-3425
tony.vezner@cui.edu
Professor of Theatre
Education
Indiana University, Bloomington, MFA in Directing,
University of Louisville, B.A. in English and Theatre Arts, 
University of Birmingham's summer Shakespeare course in Stratford-upon-Avon, England
Professional Experience
Adjunct Instructor, Concordia University, River Forest, IL 1992-1998
Co-Artistic Director, Circle Theatre, Forest Park, IL 1998-2000
Artistic Director, Theatre of Western Springs, Western Springs, IL 1998-2004
Producing Artistic Director, New American Theater, Rockford, IL 2004-2006
Concordia University since 2007
Biography

Tony has directed over 80 productions for professional, community, and university stages. Concordia directing credits include: Metamorphoses, Hamlet, Reckless, Pride and Prejudice, A Midsummer Night's Dream and his own adaptation of the book Ten Days in a Madhouse. He is a 2011 recipient of the Kennedy Center/American College Theatre Festival Excellence in Education Award.

Previously, Tony was co-artistic director of Circle Theatre, a Chicago non-Equity professional theatre and artistic director of the Theatre of Western Springs, a large community theatre. Chicago-area credits include: Anna Karenina, The Tempest, Tartuffe, and American Buffalo. Later, he was producing artistic director of New American Theater (Equity SPT 7) where his credits included: Around the World in 80 Days, Bad Dates, and A Midsummer Night’s Dream. Locally, he h