ecently served as the assistant director of Spamalot at La Serna High School and appeared in The Marriage of Figaro for Mysterium Theatre Co. and Footloose (Rusty) for Glendale Centre Theatre.

Dan & Erin Monroe '05

Dan is a director for Christian Arts and Theatre in Corona. In 2009 he received an M.A. in Theatre in Education from Cal State San Bernadino. His directing and acting credits include Disney’s Beauty and the Beast, The Lucky Stiff (ITL Winner), Mary Poppins, Snoopy, Man of La Mancha (ITL Winner), Cinderella, Peter Pan, CUI’s 2007 Gala of Stars From Broadway to the Big Screen, Tom Sawyer, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers (ITL nom), Miracle on 34thSt, and the world premiere of the Civil War play Star of Wonder. He just finished acting in the independent feature film False Hopes which will be released in early 2018. Check it out at imdb.com . His wife Erin (Gentili) Monroe (2005) (pictured) often serves as Dan's assistant director at CAT Corona on productions like Beauty and the Beast, Mary Poppins, Peter Pan, and Miracle on 34th Street.

Naomi (Rogers) Murden '11

Naomi has appeared on the TV shows Murder Book, True Nightmares, and Tosh.O. She performs all over L.A. with her sketch/improv troupe, The Walk of Shame, which was featured in the Funny Women’s Festival of L.A. She is also a member of the house sketch team, Picture Day, for Second City L.A. and received the Thomas Angel Scholarship at the Upright Citizens Brigade (L.A.). She co-starred in the film Bipolar and Cheese which was accepted at the Cannes Film Festival. She wrote and acted in the sketch The Last Slice which was featured on Elizabeth Banks’ (30 Rock, Pitch Perfect) web platform for funny women - WhoHaHa.

Morgan O'Keefe '18

is a recent graduate from The National University of Ireland, Galway, with a Master’s in Theatre: Practice and Production. She was recently the assistant director of two productions: The Language Archive (performed in Galway and invited to the United Kingdom) and Musical Theatre Orange County’s Mary Poppins. She worked for the Galway Theatre Festival (2019) as venue manager for the Mick Lally and Bank of Ireland Theatres. Acting credits include Into the Woods (Florinda), Galway 24-Hour Theatre (Lead Performer), Pippin, Tarzan, The Little Mermaid (Mersister Andrina/Princess), The World We Live In, Hairspray, A Christmas Carol (Mrs. Fezziwig), Beauty and the Beast, and many more.

Kai Parham '23

Kai has appeared in the Netflix series Colin in Black and White and the webseries Vows.

Mackinzee Perez '22

Mackinzee works at the UC Davis Mondavi Center as a Senior Stage Technician.  She is working on her studies to move up from a fly operator to a fly 1.  She is also the head of the Wardrobe Team at the Center. 

Emily Porr '18

Emily Porr '18 appeared in Looseleaf's Romeo and Juliet (Paris' Page, U/S Juliet) Alchemy Theatre Co's Twelfth Night (Feste) and Agatha Christie’s Murder on the Nile (Christina Grant) at STAGEStheatre. She has begun building her onscreen resume with appearances in Galactic Fantastic! and Hubba Hubba. as well as the student films were Gigi, Piece by Piece, Night Terror, Hollow Bones, and Jane, the Tutor. See her imdb page.

Brock Powell '11

Brock studied with Bill Farmer (the voice of Disney’s Goofy) and launched his career in voiceover and voice acting. He has voiced multiple projects for Disney including Phineas & Ferb The Movie: Candace against the Universe, Milo Murphy’s Law, Big Hero 6: Baymax Dreams Shorts, and Mickey Mouse Mixed Up Adventures. He has also voiced characters for Bakugan: Battle Force, One Punch Man, Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (Short), Yoo Hoo to the Rescue, Twice Upon a Time, and Fickle. His voice appears on the video games World War Z, The Last of Us: Part 2, Ace Combat 7: Skies Unknown and Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice and in content for Disney World. He is the voice of the Kool Aid Man for Kraft and has done Kool Aid commercials and a crossover ad for Kool Aid/Geico Insurance. For more information about Brock, read the full story from the CUI magazine. Go to his his IMDB page here.

Ron Rapp '94

Ron has sung in over 51 productions over 15 years with Opera Pacific, and has also appeared with the Los Angeles Opera, Long Beach Opera and with the Pacific Chorale. He attended South Coast Repertory Theatre's Professional Conservatory and appeared in productions there.

Joanna (Beyer) Rogers, Theatre minor '09

Joanna worked briefly for Gothic Moon productions and then worked at the Nechita Center for the Arts at Orange Lutheran High School where she served as the Production Manager. In 2018 she returned to Concordia to work as the Community Engagement Liaison for the Music and Theatre departments.

Jeremy Schlitt '11

Jeremy works full time as a character at Disneyland and has appeared for Looseleaf in Two Gentlemen of Verona (Speed), Romeo and Juliet (Benvolio), The Merchant of Venice (Launcelot Gobbo), The Comedy of Errors (Antipholus of Ephesus), As You Li