https://www.cui.edu/arts/theatre/alumni
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
THEATRE DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees and Programs 
Events
Giving
Contact
How to Apply 
Alumni
Theatre Department
Christopher Aceves jr. '22

After graduating Christopher became the Assistant Technical Director and Resident Costume Designer at CUI. He has received both the 2021 National and 2021 Regional Kennedy Center American College Theatre awards for costume design for his work on Endgame, as well as the National Partners of the American Theatre Costume Design Award. In 2023, Christopher also received an Honorable mention award for theatrical design excellence in costume design for Concordia’s New Works Festival II. Concordia design credits include: Emma, Under the Bed, Anything Goes, All's Well That Ends Well, Trifles, No Exit, Eurydice, Godspell, A Doll's House - Part 2, New Works Festival, New Works Festival II, Endgame, Every Brilliant Thing, Devised Piece - The Game of Life, Perspective, This Side of Heaven, and Failure: A Love Story.

Wesley Barnes '15

In 2022 Wesley joined the National Broadway tour of Mean Girls.  In 2019-20 and 2021-22 he was on the 50th Anniversary National Tour of Jesus Christ Superstar. In 2018 he was in the world premiere of the Christopher Durang/Wendy Wasserstein musical Pamela's First Musical at Two Rivers Theatre. Other credits: In the Heights at Theatre Under the Stars in Houston TX, Choir Boy at Briggs Opera House in Vermont, and The Scottsboro Boys, Newsies, and Godspell at the Phoenix Theatre. He has done 3 international tours as a featured dancer/performer with Magic of the Dance in Germany and Taiwan. Wesley is a proud member of the 68 Cent Crew Theatre Co (LA/NY).

Read Full Story »

Mo (Persson) Beatty '08

Mo is an actress and voice-over artist living in Los Angeles. She recently had co-star roles on The Rookie Feds (2023) and NCIS (2020). She is the voice of Quickbooks and has been in several national commercials (AT&T U-verse, Ask.com, ESPN, Fresh Pet, Home Depot, Xifaxan), festival films (Submit at Dances w/ Films, Roadside Fling Burbank Film Festival). She has also appeared in the Lifetime movie The Wrong Mother starring soap star Vanessa Marcil and ION Television Film's Defending Santa with Dean Cain. Stage appearances include The Tempest(Sebastian) at Studio Stage and Bash ( Sue Gaggle of Saints) at Whitmore-Lindley Theatre. She has begun to produce and write some of her own work in film including The Chebo which has been picked up by CryptTV & Facebook Watch. Check out her IMDb bio.

Kelsie Blackwell '08

Kelsie works full time as a parade dancer at Disneyland and has appeared in Looseleaf Theatre Co’s Twelfth Night (Viola) and As You Like It (Rosalind) and Frost/Nixon at the Maverick Theatre in 2013.

Spencer Blair '12

Spencer spent time in Chicago after graduation as a writer and improviser. He graduated from Second City’s Conservatory and Writing program as well as the Improv Olympic’s improvisation program. He co-created the Chicago troupe Droday and a sketch group – We The Freaks. Previously he appeared in Looseleaf Theatre Company’s Twelfth Night (Feste), and As You Like It (William, LeBeau, Oliver Mar Text, Hymen).  He is now back in Orange County working with the improv troupe Shmimprov.

Morgan (Yachinich) Bready - Theatre Minor '16

Morgan moved to New York after graduation where she works as a production assistant (with 2015 grad Jacob Schott) for Distinguished Concerts International New York which works in venues like Carnegie Hall. She has stage managed and worked as a lighting board operator Off-Broadway and Off-Off Broadway. Jacob and Morgan also started their own improv group, The Downtowners.

Haley Brown '13

Haley stage managed As You Like It, and The Comedy of Errors for Looseleaf Theatre Co and at The Will Geer Theatricum Botanicum A Midsummer Night's Dream. She now works for All for Kidz (or The NED Show) as a touring Edutainer taking a one-person show about bullying and being a champion in school and life. The tour has taken her all across the U.S., to Europe, Japan and Australia!

Aimee Burdette, theatre minor '12

Aimee Burdette appeared in Looseleaf Theatre Co’s production of As You Like It (Jacques) and The Comedy of Errors (Luciana). Other credits include Ghosts (Regina) at North Coast Repertory and Summer and Smoke (Nellie) at New Village Arts. Aimee is now a school teacher in Orange County and makes frequent mission trips to Haiti.

McKenna (Brand) Carr '19

McKenna was hired right after graduation by Missoula Children's Theatre as a full time Tour Actor/Director.

Kathryn Chatman '19

Kathryn completed an MFA in creative producing at the University of North Carolina School of the Arts. Her most recent credits include Faust: A Buddy Comedy (short film) as set decorator and The Premiere (short film) as first assistant director. With multiple short films in development, she is currently working on the first episode of Evil Roommates, a short mini-series, as first assistant director while she continues to create and develop her own slate of projects.

Melissa (Cheffers) Stewart '13

Melissa is living in New Mexico where she is acting for her second year with Sandstone Productions in All Shook Up (Natalie) after playing the title role in Mary Poppins for them last year. She is also directing for Heather McGaughey’s Children’s Theatre and teaching musical theatre at San Juan College. Other recent appearances include Oliver! (Nancy) for San Juan College, Five Women Wearing the Same Dress (Frances) The Music Man (Marian), and Rock of Ages (Sherrie) for the Durango Arts Center, and Rocky Horror Picture Show (Columbia) for the Strater Theater.

Aurora Culver '08

Aurora's latest endeavors include directing for Unbound Productions, Costa Mesa Playhouse, and acting with the Crescent Troupe for the Fringe Festival. With her company On the Edge Theatre Productions, she has directed Into the Woods, A Midsummer Night’s Dream, and The 39 Steps among others. She just finished directing her first feature film To the New Girl which will be coming out in 2018.

Alexandra Dominguez '15

Alexandra is in New York City making her way as an actress. She recently appeared in String of Pearls for Theatre 68 at the Arthur Seleen Theatre and Lilli Marlene at St. Luke's Theatre.

Andrew Eddins '09

Andrew was the voice of Optimus Prime at Universal Studios theme park. He appeared in the Looseleaf Theatre Co.’s The Merchant of Venice (Bassanio), As You Like It (Oliver) and Twelfth Night (Sebastian). In January, 2018 he became an ordained minister.

Ciara Elizondo '19

Ciara Elizondo '19 is currently Co-Artistic Director for Blossom Trail Players in Sanger, California where she has directed A Grand Night for Singing and Into the Woods. Previously, she was assistant director for Looseleaf Theatre Company's Two Gentlemen of Verona. Watch her video here.

Katie Foggiano '15

After graduating, Katie worked as an intern for two Tony-award winning theatres. She was an artistic intern at La Jolla Playhouse working in the casting and literary departments and then was an arts administration intern for Actor's Theatre of Louisville where she worked as an assistant director and producer on 15 new works. She went on to serve as a company member and marketing director at First Floor Theatre in Chicago. In 2020 she was accepted into the Johns Hopkins University graduate program in Museum Studies.

Becca (Rogers) Geminn ’04

Becca is a theatre maker, educator, and intimacy director who has worked with and studied under Tony-nominated David Neumann (Hadestown), Broadway director and playwright Kristina Satter (Is this a Room?), Intimacy Director & Coordinator Claire Warden (Slave Play, The Deuce), and Obie award winners Tei Blow, Daniel Hurlin, Sibyl Kempson. In 2020 she was selected to participate in La Mama Theatre's new playwright festival with her solo piece, Peniel - which was unfortunately canceled due to COVID-19. She earned her MFA in Theatre Arts from Sarah Lawrence College in 2020.

Kate (West) Griswold '08

Kate worked briefly for Gothic Moon Productions as a scenic artist and production assistant. Currently she is Director of Operations for Mastermind Production Group Inc. where she recently assisted on audio and lighting services for events like the world premiere of Disney's Beauty and the Beast (2017), The Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscar Party (2016 & 2017), the world premiere of Disney's Moana (2016), the NAMM Nissan Grand Plaza Stage Performance (2015 & 2017), and the MTV Fandom Awards (2015 &2016) as well as other local events in the L.A./Orange County area. Go to: www.mastermindpg.com

Chloe June Harrison '18

Chloe was hired right out of school as the assistant technical director at the Downey Civic Theater after working part-time for Laughing Dog Productions while still a student. She then went on to work as an associate lighting designer for StreetLite LLC and as a lighting designer for Light Riot Designs. She recently completed a Master’s degree in Leadership for Creative Enterprises at Northwestern University.

Caleb House '12

Caleb has worked for Disneyland for 10 years both as a character in parades and shows and now in costuming. He worked as a costume assistant on Looseleaf’s productions of Twelfth Night and As You Like It. On the side, he sews costumes and works for a wedding planner.

Kyleigh Hoye '18

Kyleigh is the sole actor in a national commercial for Ancestry.com. She has appeared in the independent film Feed Your Muse and briefly in the Netflix film Mank starring Gary Oldman and Amanda Seyfried.

Zackary Karges '11

Zackary received a Master of Dramatic Arts from Sierra Nevada College and teaches at Bethlehem Lutheran School in Carson City, NV where he has directed plays with students from middle school through high school.

Jarard Kings '07

Jarard lives in Los Angeles as a SAG-AFTRA actor and has booked roles in television, film, commercials, and theater. He regularly performs improv at ComedySportz LA in Hollywood and is a proud company member of the Ruskin Group Theatre in Santa Monica where he appeared in a star-studded production of A Raisin in the Sun. Other roles include ABC’s Modern Family, Showtime’s Masters of Sex, Paramount Network’s Nobodies, and NBCs Superstore.

Sarah Ladick Theatre Minor '19

Sarah began working as a character at Disneyland right after graduating.

Grace Lehman '20 

Worked as a Teaching Artist for a few years and now serves as Company Manager for the Tony-award-winning La Jolla Playhouse.

Amanda (Nuckolls) Linhardt '11

Amanda worked as a production assistant and scenic artist for Gothic Moon Productions and currently teaches at Orange County High School for the Arts.

Ryan Linhardt '12

Ryan works for Theophany films and in production on T.V. commercials. He has designed lights for a number of Orange County venues and has returned to CUI to design lights for the dance concert, Reckless, and All Shook Up

Hannah Loesch '21

Hannah works as a character in the Disneyland parade and is part of the writer's room for Upside Down Comedy in LA. She does improv comedy once a month for the Comedy Room in L.A.

Kierney Loucas '16

Kierney served as an intern for the performing arts department of the University of Thessanoliki in Greece for a year. She stage managed a show in Chicago for Red Tape Theatre and has stage managed Romeo and Juliet for Looseleaf Theatre Co.

Sydney Luchansky '18

received her MFA in screenwriting from Cal State Fullerton in 2020. While she was there she had the opportunity to learn from professional screenwriters, show runners, directors, agents, managers and producers. She has continued to act in a variety of short films.

Evy (Moody) McGrew '16

Evy is a member of L.A. Connection Comedy Theatre improv troupe in Burbank. She has also done voiceover work for Waba Grill and the media company, Just Call Me Doc. She recently served as the assistant director of Spamalot at La Serna High School and appeared in The Marriage of Figaro for Mysterium Theatre Co. and Footloose (Rusty) for Glendale Centre Theatre.

Dan & Erin Monroe '05

Dan is a director for Christian Arts and Theatre in Corona. In 2009 he received an M.A. in Theatre in Education from Cal State San Bernadino. His directing and acting credits include Disney’s Beauty and the Beast, The Lucky Stiff (ITL Winner), Mary Poppins, Snoopy, Man of La Mancha (ITL Winner), Cinderella, Peter Pan, CUI’s 2007 Gala of Stars From Broadway to the Big Screen, Tom Sawyer, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers (ITL nom), Miracle on 34thSt, and the world premiere of the Civil War play Star of Wonder. He just finished acting in the independent feature film False Hopes which will be released in early 2018. Check it out at imdb.com . His wife Erin (Gentili) Monroe (2005) (pictured) often serves as Dan's assistant director at CAT Corona on productions like Beauty and the Beast, Mary Poppins, Peter Pan, and Miracle on 34th Street.

Naomi (Rogers) Murden '11

Naomi has appeared on the TV shows Murder Book, True Nightmares, and Tosh.O. She performs all over L.A. with her sketch/improv troupe, The Walk of Shame, which was featured in the Funny Women’s Festival of L.A. She is also a member of the house sketch team, Picture Day, for Second City L.A. and received the Thomas Angel Scholarship at the Upright Citizens Brigade (L.A.). She co-starred in the film Bipolar and Cheese which was accepted at the Cannes Film Festival. She wrote and acted in the sketch The Last Slice which was featured on Elizabeth Banks’ (30 Rock, Pitch Perfect) web platform for funny women - WhoHaHa.

Morgan O'Keefe '18

is a recent graduate from The National University of Ireland, Galway, with a Master’s in Theatre: Practice and Production. She was recently the assistant director of two productions: The Language Archive (performed in Galway and invited to the United Kingdom) and Musical Theatre Orange County’s Mary Poppins. She worked for the Galway Theatre Festival (2019) as venue manager for the Mick Lally and Bank of Ireland Theatres. Acting credits include Into the Woods (Florinda), Galway 24-Hour Theatre (Lead Performer), Pippin, Tarzan, The Little Mermaid (Mersister Andrina/Princess), The World We Live In, Hairspray, A Christmas Carol (Mrs. Fezziwig), Beauty and the Beast, and many more.

Kai Parham '23

Kai has appeared in the Netflix series Colin in Black and White and the webseries Vows.

Mackinzee Perez '22

Mackinzee works at the UC Davis Mondavi Center as a Senior Stage Technician.  She is working on her studies to move up from a fly operator to a fly 1.  She is also the head of the Wardrobe Team at the Center. 

Emily Porr '18

Emily Porr '18 appeared in Looseleaf's Romeo and Juliet (Paris' Page, U/S Juliet) Alchemy Theatre Co's Twelfth Night (Feste) and Agatha Christie’s Murder on the Nile (Christina Grant) at STAGEStheatre. She has begun building her onscreen resume with appearances in Galactic Fantastic! and Hubba Hubba. as well as the student films were Gigi, Piece by Piece, Night Terror, Hollow Bones, and Jane, the Tutor. See her imdb page.

Brock Powell '11

Brock studied with Bill Farmer (the voice of Disney’s Goofy) and launched his career in voiceover and voice acting. He has voiced multiple projects for Disney including Phineas & Ferb The Movie: Candace against the Universe, Milo Murphy’s Law, Big Hero 6: Baymax Dreams Shorts, and Mickey Mouse Mixed Up Adventures. He has also voiced characters for Bakugan: Battle Force, One Punch Man, Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (Short), Yoo Hoo to the Rescue, Twice Upon a Time, and Fickle. His voice appears on the video games World War Z, The Last of Us: Part 2, Ace Combat 7: Skies Unknown and Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice and in content for Disney World. He is the voice of the Kool Aid Man for Kraft and has done Kool Aid commercials and a crossover ad for Kool Aid/Geico Insurance. For more information about Brock, read the full story from the CUI magazine. Go to his his IMDB page here.

Ron Rapp '94

Ron has sung in over 51 productions over 15 years with Opera Pacific, and has also appeared with the Los Angeles Opera, Long Beach Opera and with the Pacific Chorale. He attended South Coast Repertory Theatre's Professional Conservatory and appeared in productions there.

Joanna (Beyer) Rogers, Theatre minor '09

Joanna worked briefly for Gothic Moon productions and then worked at the Nechita Center for the Arts at Orange Lutheran High School where she served as the Production Manager. In 2018 she returned to Concordia to work as the Community Engagement Liaison for the Music and Theatre departments.

Jeremy Schlitt '11

Jeremy works full time as a character at Disneyland and has appeared for Looseleaf in Two Gentlemen of Verona (Speed), Romeo and Juliet (Benvolio), The Merchant of Venice (Launcelot Gobbo), The Comedy of Errors (Antipholus of Ephesus), As You Like It (Silvius), and Twelfth Night (Antonio). Other credits include The 39 Steps and The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (abridged) for On the Edge Theatre Productions.

Nicole (Salimbeni) Schlitt '14

Nicole works as an assistant stage manager at Disneyland and is a resident artist at the Chance Theater where she frequently stage manages. She has worked as a stage manager of Looseleaf's productions of The Merchant of Venice (2015). Two Gentlemen of Verona (2017), and The Complete Works of Wm. Shakespeare (abridged) [revised] (2018).

Jacob Schott '15

Jacob moved to NY right after graduation. He is currently a Talent Manager at TalentINK LA-Chicago-NY managing their NY office with a strong roster of Theatre, TV and Film actors. He has worked as a theatre producer with credits including Danny and the Deep Blue Sea (Off Broadway), and co-produced the new work Neighbors, A Fair Trade Agreement for Inviolet Theater Co. where he is a company member. His upcoming producing project Starcrossed Starcrossed is set to debut at the Cherry Lane Theater Off-Broadway. Other credits include being the company manager for the Off-Broadway shows Goldstein (for the Shubert organization), Inner Voices, Unraveled, Mike Birbiglia’s Thank God for Jokes and Motherstruck! as well as Smart Blond and Fern Hill. He worked at Culture Project Theater as an operations manager.

David Schulz '93

Managing Artistic Director of the Star Theatre Company for five years. Some of David's Star credits include: High School Musical, Annie, The King and I, All Shook Up, Woman in Black and Thoroughly Modern Millie. As a performer, David has been blessed to work with an array of amazing actors, producers and directors both nationally and internationally. When not directing at the Star Theatre, David can been seen singing and drumming with his show band Not Fade Away - a tribute to the 50's and 60's. David also runs Studio Schulz, a full-service digital recording studio, which is adjacent to the Star Theatre.

Nicholas Scutti '14

Nick spent time in Chicago after graduation where he wrote sketch comedy and did improv. He completed the Writing Program at The Second City and the Improv program at iO Theater in Chicago as well as the improv and sketch writing program at the Upright Citizens Brigade in Los Angeles. He sang in the choral ensemble for the U.S. premiere of The Hunchback of Notre Dame at the La Jolla Playhouse and penned the play Ozombie Bin Laden in 3-D! for the San Diego Fringe Festival. He is currently living in SoCal writing sketches, webisodes, and screenplays.

Sarah Spenker '12

Sarah appeared for 3 years on the evening news for Sacramento and Lodi for Team MyTeam 58 for KCRA/KQCA Channel 3: MY 58. She has appeared in Lend Me a Tenor (Maggie), Chicago (Annie), and co-directed Mama Mia at Stockton Civic Theatre.

Kylee Sullivan '18

Kylee accepted a full time position as Artist-in-Residence with Ariel Theatrical in Salinas, California where she works with children producing theatre.

Megan Tisdale '13

Megan worked full time for costume services at Disneyland from 2013-2017.

Masako Tobaru '05

Masako has been with the Chance Theatre since 2003, and also serves as the technical director, a resident stage manager and lighting designer. Her Chance Theater credits include Little Women, Anne of Green Gables, Edward Albee’s The Goat, or Who is Sylvia?, The Eight: Reindeer Monologues, and Evita, among others. Her credits outside the Chance include Ganga…Life as a River, Much Ado About Nothing, Cabaret, Medea, Patient A and The Last Night of Ballyhoo.

Adrienne Van Dalen '19

Right after graduating, Adrienne joined Carnival Cruise Line where she is a backstage technician. Her job entails managing the stage area during all full-cast production shows, magic shows, variety shows, Welcome Aboard Show, Carnival Legends Show, game shows, lounge talks, presentations, and more.

Isaac Vermilye '18

Isaac Vermilye is the assistant production manager at San Diego Junior Theater.

Justin Jorgensen Vierela '11

Justin holds a Master of Fine Arts degree in Arts Administration from Southern Utah University where he worked for the Tony-Award Winning Utah Shakespeare Festival. He then went on to work for New Village Arts Theatre in San Diego and as Sponsorship and Special Events Coordinator at the Utah Shakespeare Festival. From 2017-2020 he was the director of development for The Moonlight Cultural Foundation, a live musical theatre in San Diego. In 2020 he became a Philanthropy Officer at Northwest Harvest in Seattle, WA.

Makenzie Weatherford '19

Makenzie received a Master of Fine Arts in Acting in 2022 at Northern Illinois University where she was on a full tuition assistantship.  Since then she has appeared in Shakespeare's Twelfth Night at Kane Repertory Theatre and in the independent short film, Alus for which she was nominated for a Best Actress award from the New Creators Film Awards.

Hannah Welter '10

Hannah currently works as a the Director of Production for Go Button Productions, LLC designing and producing theatre, film and live events for the entertainment, corporate, gaming and tech industries. Projects have included work at the Disneyland Resort, San Diego Comic Con, and E3. She has returned to design costumes for Concordia’s shows including the annual Gala of the Stars, Still Life With Iris, Pride and Prejudice, and Hamlet. Hannah also served as Art Director for the interactive horror theatre experience Delusion: His Crimson Queen and continues to assist with their annual show. Go to: www.gobuttonproductions.com

Read Full Story »

Watch Hannah's Interview

Brittney S. Wheeler '08

Brittney is an Ovation Award-winning actress and singer who has performed in over 35 professional productions in L.A., Orange County and Ventura County. She appeared in the regional premiere of The Color Purple (as Jarene the head church lady) and in the remount of Coeurage Theatre Company's Failure: A Love Story at the prestigious Kirk Douglas Theatre. In addition to her acting, Wheeler has directed the musical Edward at Long Beach Playhouse and she is a company member and casting associate for Celebration Theatre, an LGBT theatre in North Hollywood.

Megan Wilkerson '20

Megan graduated amid the COVID crisis but was hired soon after by the Young Americans to appear on stage singing and dancing at their dinner theater, Center Stage Event Center in Eureka Springs, Arkansas, and later in their The Magic of Christmas at La Mirada Theatre for the Performing Arts.

Lauren Winnenberg '14

Lauren received an M.A. in Arts Politics at NYU’s Tisch School of the Arts (2016) where she received a Lew & Edie Wasserman Research Grant. She is a founding member of Salty Corkscrew Theatre Co and a member of Theatre 68. She recently assistant directed Come Back (Theatre 68) and stage managed for the NYC Women's Work Festival and New York Fringe Festival. She has worked with Culture Project, Untitled Theatre Co. #61, Phantom Projects Theatre Group, and Creative Kids Playhouse of Orange County. See an interview with Lauren on Trunkspace.

Katie (Braun) Zakkak '13

Katie completed an MA in Theatre Education at NYU’s Steinhardt School in 2016 and is now a drama teacher at St. Cecilia Academy in Nashville, TN

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

