ce. For more information about Brock, read the full story from the CUI magazine. Go to his his IMDB page here.

Ron Rapp '94

Ron has sung in over 51 productions over 15 years with Opera Pacific, and has also appeared with the Los Angeles Opera, Long Beach Opera and with the Pacific Chorale. He attended South Coast Repertory Theatre's Professional Conservatory and appeared in productions there.

Joanna (Beyer) Rogers, Theatre minor '09

Joanna worked briefly for Gothic Moon productions and then worked at the Nechita Center for the Arts at Orange Lutheran High School where she served as the Production Manager. In 2018 she returned to Concordia to work as the Community Engagement Liaison for the Music and Theatre departments.

Jeremy Schlitt '11

Jeremy works full time as a character at Disneyland and has appeared for Looseleaf in Two Gentlemen of Verona (Speed), Romeo and Juliet (Benvolio), The Merchant of Venice (Launcelot Gobbo), The Comedy of Errors (Antipholus of Ephesus), As You Like It (Silvius), and Twelfth Night (Antonio). Other credits include The 39 Steps and The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (abridged) for On the Edge Theatre Productions.

Nicole (Salimbeni) Schlitt '14

Nicole works as an assistant stage manager at Disneyland and is a resident artist at the Chance Theater where she frequently stage manages. She has worked as a stage manager of Looseleaf's productions of The Merchant of Venice (2015). Two Gentlemen of Verona (2017), and The Complete Works of Wm. Shakespeare (abridged) [revised] (2018).

Jacob Schott '15

Jacob moved to NY right after graduation. He is currently a Talent Manager at TalentINK LA-Chicago-NY managing their NY office with a strong roster of Theatre, TV and Film actors. He has worked as a theatre producer with credits including Danny and the Deep Blue Sea (Off Broadway), and co-produced the new work Neighbors, A Fair Trade Agreement for Inviolet Theater Co. where he is a company member. His upcoming producing project Starcrossed Starcrossed is set to debut at the Cherry Lane Theater Off-Broadway. Other credits include being the company manager for the Off-Broadway shows Goldstein (for the Shubert organization), Inner Voices, Unraveled, Mike Birbiglia’s Thank God for Jokes and Motherstruck! as well as Smart Blond and Fern Hill. He worked at Culture Project Theater as an operations manager.

David Schulz '93

Managing Artistic Director of the Star Theatre Company for five years. Some of David's Star credits include: High School Musical, Annie, The King and I, All Shook Up, Woman in Black and Thoroughly Modern Millie. As a performer, David has been blessed to work with an array of amazing actors, producers and directors both nationally and internationally. When not directing at the Star Theatre, David can been seen singing and drumming with his show band Not Fade Away - a tribute to the 50's and 60's. David also runs Studio Schulz, a full-service digital recording studio, which is adjacent to the Star Theatre.

Nicholas Scutti '14

Nick spent time in Chicago after graduation where he wrote sketch comedy and did improv. He completed the Writing Program at The Second City and the Improv program at iO Theater in Chicago as well as the improv and sketch writing program at the Upright Citizens Brigade in Los Angeles. He sang in the choral ensemble for the U.S. premiere of The Hunchback of Notre Dame at the La Jolla Playhouse and penned the play Ozombie Bin Laden in 3-D! for the San Diego Fringe Festival. He is currently living in SoCal writing sketches, webisodes, and screenplays.

Sarah Spenker '12

Sarah appeared for 3 years on the evening news for Sacramento and Lodi for Team MyTeam 58 for KCRA/KQCA Channel 3: MY 58. She has appeared in Lend Me a Tenor (Maggie), Chicago (Annie), and co-directed Mama Mia at Stockton Civic Theatre.

Kylee Sullivan '18

Kylee accepted a full time position as Artist-in-Residence with Ariel Theatrical in Salinas, California where she works with children producing theatre.

Megan Tisdale '13

Megan worked full time for costume services at Disneyland from 2013-2017.

Masako Tobaru '05

Masako has been with the Chance Theatre since 2003, and also serves as the technical director, a resident stage manager and lighting designer. Her Chance Theater credits include Little Women, Anne of Green Gables, Edward Albee’s The Goat, or Who is Sylvia?, The Eight: Reindeer Monologues, and Evita, among others. Her credits outside the Chance include Ganga…Life as a River, Much Ado About Nothing, Cabaret, Medea, Patient A and The Last Night of Ballyhoo.

Adrienne Van Dalen '19

Right after graduating, Adrienne joined Carnival Cruise Line where she is a backstage technician. Her job entails managing the stage area during all full-cast production shows, magic shows, variety shows, Welcome Aboard Show, Carnival Legends Show, game shows, lounge talks, presentations, and more.

Isaac Vermilye '18

Isaac Vermilye is the assistant production manager at San Diego Ju