unfortunately canceled due to COVID-19. She earned her MFA in Theatre Arts from Sarah Lawrence College in 2020.

Kate (West) Griswold '08

Kate worked briefly for Gothic Moon Productions as a scenic artist and production assistant. Currently she is Director of Operations for Mastermind Production Group Inc. where she recently assisted on audio and lighting services for events like the world premiere of Disney's Beauty and the Beast (2017), The Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscar Party (2016 & 2017), the world premiere of Disney's Moana (2016), the NAMM Nissan Grand Plaza Stage Performance (2015 & 2017), and the MTV Fandom Awards (2015 &2016) as well as other local events in the L.A./Orange County area. Go to: www.mastermindpg.com

Chloe June Harrison '18

Chloe was hired right out of school as the assistant technical director at the Downey Civic Theater after working part-time for Laughing Dog Productions while still a student. She then went on to work as an associate lighting designer for StreetLite LLC and as a lighting designer for Light Riot Designs. She recently completed a Master’s degree in Leadership for Creative Enterprises at Northwestern University.

Caleb House '12

Caleb has worked for Disneyland for 10 years both as a character in parades and shows and now in costuming. He worked as a costume assistant on Looseleaf’s productions of Twelfth Night and As You Like It. On the side, he sews costumes and works for a wedding planner.

Kyleigh Hoye '18

Kyleigh is the sole actor in a national commercial for Ancestry.com. She has appeared in the independent film Feed Your Muse and briefly in the Netflix film Mank starring Gary Oldman and Amanda Seyfried.

Zackary Karges '11

Zackary received a Master of Dramatic Arts from Sierra Nevada College and teaches at Bethlehem Lutheran School in Carson City, NV where he has directed plays with students from middle school through high school.

Jarard Kings '07

Jarard lives in Los Angeles as a SAG-AFTRA actor and has booked roles in television, film, commercials, and theater. He regularly performs improv at ComedySportz LA in Hollywood and is a proud company member of the Ruskin Group Theatre in Santa Monica where he appeared in a star-studded production of A Raisin in the Sun. Other roles include ABC’s Modern Family, Showtime’s Masters of Sex, Paramount Network’s Nobodies, and NBCs Superstore.

Sarah Ladick Theatre Minor '19

Sarah began working as a character at Disneyland right after graduating.

Grace Lehman '20 

Worked as a Teaching Artist for a few years and now serves as Company Manager for the Tony-award-winning La Jolla Playhouse.

Amanda (Nuckolls) Linhardt '11

Amanda worked as a production assistant and scenic artist for Gothic Moon Productions and currently teaches at Orange County High School for the Arts.

Ryan Linhardt '12

Ryan works for Theophany films and in production on T.V. commercials. He has designed lights for a number of Orange County venues and has returned to CUI to design lights for the dance concert, Reckless, and All Shook Up

Hannah Loesch '21

Hannah works as a character in the Disneyland parade and is part of the writer's room for Upside Down Comedy in LA. She does improv comedy once a month for the Comedy Room in L.A.

Kierney Loucas '16

Kierney served as an intern for the performing arts department of the University of Thessanoliki in Greece for a year. She stage managed a show in Chicago for Red Tape Theatre and has stage managed Romeo and Juliet for Looseleaf Theatre Co.

Sydney Luchansky '18

received her MFA in screenwriting from Cal State Fullerton in 2020. While she was there she had the opportunity to learn from professional screenwriters, show runners, directors, agents, managers and producers. She has continued to act in a variety of short films.

Evy (Moody) McGrew '16

Evy is a member of L.A. Connection Comedy Theatre improv troupe in Burbank. She has also done voiceover work for Waba Grill and the media company, Just Call Me Doc. She recently served as the assistant director of Spamalot at La Serna High School and appeared in The Marriage of Figaro for Mysterium Theatre Co. and Footloose (Rusty) for Glendale Centre Theatre.

Dan & Erin Monroe '05

Dan is a director for Christian Arts and Theatre in Corona. In 2009 he received an M.A. in Theatre in Education from Cal State San Bernadino. His directing and acting credits include Disney’s Beauty and the Beast, The Lucky Stiff (ITL Winner), Mary Poppins, Snoopy, Man of La Mancha (ITL Winner), Cinderella, Peter Pan, CUI’s 2007 Gala of Stars From Broadway to the Big Screen, Tom Sawyer, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers (ITL nom), Miracle on 34thSt, and the world premiere of the Civil War play Star of Wonder. He just finished acting in the independent feature film False Hopes which will be released in early 2018. Check it out at imdb.com . His wife Erin (Gentili) Monroe (2005) (pictured) often serves as Dan's assistant director at CAT Corona on productions like Beauty and th