https://www.cui.edu/arts/theatre/alumni
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
THEATRE DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees and Programs 
Events
Giving
Contact
How to Apply 
Alumni
Theatre Department
Christopher Aceves jr. '22

After graduating Christopher became the Assistant Technical Director and Resident Costume Designer at CUI. He has received both the 2021 National and 2021 Regional Kennedy Center American College Theatre awards for costume design for his work on Endgame, as well as the National Partners of the American Theatre Costume Design Award. In 2023, Christopher also received an Honorable mention award for theatrical design excellence in costume design for Concordia’s New Works Festival II. Concordia design credits include: Emma, Under the Bed, Anything Goes, All's Well That Ends Well, Trifles, No Exit, Eurydice, Godspell, A Doll's House - Part 2, New Works Festival, New Works Festival II, Endgame, Every Brilliant Thing, Devised Piece - The Game of Life, Perspective, This Side of Heaven, and Failure: A Love Story.

Wesley Barnes '15

In 2022 Wesley joined the National Broadway tour of Mean Girls.  In 2019-20 and 2021-22 he was on the 50th Anniversary National Tour of Jesus Christ Superstar. In 2018 he was in the world premiere of the Christopher Durang/Wendy Wasserstein musical Pamela's First Musical at Two Rivers Theatre. Other credits: In the Heights at Theatre Under the Stars in Houston TX, Choir Boy at Briggs Opera House in Vermont, and The Scottsboro Boys, Newsies, and Godspell at the Phoenix Theatre. He has done 3 international tours as a featured dancer/performer with Magic of the Dance in Germany and Taiwan. Wesley is a proud member of the 68 Cent Crew Theatre Co (LA/NY).

Read Full Story »

Mo (Persson) Beatty '08

Mo is an actress and voice-over artist living in Los Angeles. She recently had co-star roles on The Rookie Feds (2023) and NCIS (2020). She is the voice of Quickbooks and has been in several national commercials (AT&T U-verse, Ask.com, ESPN, Fresh Pet, Home Depot, Xifaxan), festival films (Submit at Dances w/ Films, Roadside Fling Burbank Film Festival). She has also appeared in the Lifetime movie The Wrong Mother starring soap star Vanessa Marcil and ION Television Film's Defending Santa with Dean Cain. Stage appearances include The Tempest(Sebastian) at Studio Stage and Bash ( Sue Gaggle of Saints) at Whitmore-Lindley Theatre. She has begun to produce and write some of her own work in film including The Chebo which has been picked up by CryptTV & Facebook Watch. Check out her IMDb bio.

Kelsie Blackwell '08

Kelsie works full time as a parade dancer at Disneyland and has appeared in Looseleaf Theatre Co’s Twelfth Night (Viola) and As You Like It (Rosalind) and Frost/Nixon at the Maverick Theatre in 2013.

Spencer Blair '12

Spencer spent time in Chicago after graduation as a writer and improviser. He graduated from Second City’s Conservatory and Writing program as well as the Improv Olympic’s improvisation program. He co-created the Chicago troupe Droday and a sketch group – We The Freaks. Previously he appeared in Looseleaf Theatre Company’s Twelfth Night (Feste), and As You Like It (William, LeBeau, Oliver Mar Text, Hymen).  He is now back in Orange County working with the improv troupe Shmimprov.

Morgan (Yachinich) Bready - Theatre Minor '16

Morgan moved to New York after graduation where she works as a production assistant (with 2015 grad Jacob Schott) for Distinguished Concerts International New York which works in venues like Carnegie Hall. She has stage managed and worked as a lighting board operator Off-Broadway and Off-Off Broadway. Jacob and Morgan also started their own improv group, The Downtowners.

Haley Brown '13

Haley stage managed As You Like It, and The Comedy of Errors for Looseleaf Theatre Co and at The Will Geer Theatricum Botanicum A Midsummer Night's Dream. She now works for All for Kidz (or The NED Show) as a touring Edutainer taking a one-person show about bullying and being a champion in school and life. The tour has taken her all across the U.S., to Europe, Japan and Australia!

Aimee Burdette, theatre minor '12

Aimee Burdette appeared in Looseleaf Theatre Co’s production of As You Like It (Jacques) and The Comedy of Errors (Luciana). Other credits include Ghosts (Regina) at North Coast Repertory and Summer and Smoke (Nellie) at New Village Arts. Aimee is now a school teacher in Orange County and makes frequent mission trips to Haiti.

McKenna (Brand) Carr '19

McKenna was hired right after graduation by Missoula Children's Theatre as a full time Tour Actor/Director.

Kathryn Chatman '19

Kathryn completed an MFA in creative producing at the University of North Carolina School of the Arts. Her most recent credits include Faust: A Buddy Comedy (short film) as set decorator and The Premiere (short film) as first assistant director. With multiple short films in development, she is currently working o