tainer taking a one-person show about bullying and being a champion in school and life. The tour has taken her all across the U.S., to Europe, Japan and Australia!

Aimee Burdette, theatre minor '12

Aimee Burdette appeared in Looseleaf Theatre Co’s production of As You Like It (Jacques) and The Comedy of Errors (Luciana). Other credits include Ghosts (Regina) at North Coast Repertory and Summer and Smoke (Nellie) at New Village Arts. Aimee is now a school teacher in Orange County and makes frequent mission trips to Haiti.

McKenna (Brand) Carr '19

McKenna was hired right after graduation by Missoula Children's Theatre as a full time Tour Actor/Director.

Kathryn Chatman '19

Kathryn completed an MFA in creative producing at the University of North Carolina School of the Arts. Her most recent credits include Faust: A Buddy Comedy (short film) as set decorator and The Premiere (short film) as first assistant director. With multiple short films in development, she is currently working on the first episode of Evil Roommates, a short mini-series, as first assistant director while she continues to create and develop her own slate of projects.

Melissa (Cheffers) Stewart '13

Melissa is living in New Mexico where she is acting for her second year with Sandstone Productions in All Shook Up (Natalie) after playing the title role in Mary Poppins for them last year. She is also directing for Heather McGaughey’s Children’s Theatre and teaching musical theatre at San Juan College. Other recent appearances include Oliver! (Nancy) for San Juan College, Five Women Wearing the Same Dress (Frances) The Music Man (Marian), and Rock of Ages (Sherrie) for the Durango Arts Center, and Rocky Horror Picture Show (Columbia) for the Strater Theater.

Aurora Culver '08

Aurora's latest endeavors include directing for Unbound Productions, Costa Mesa Playhouse, and acting with the Crescent Troupe for the Fringe Festival. With her company On the Edge Theatre Productions, she has directed Into the Woods, A Midsummer Night’s Dream, and The 39 Steps among others. She just finished directing her first feature film To the New Girl which will be coming out in 2018.

Alexandra Dominguez '15

Alexandra is in New York City making her way as an actress. She recently appeared in String of Pearls for Theatre 68 at the Arthur Seleen Theatre and Lilli Marlene at St. Luke's Theatre.

Andrew Eddins '09

Andrew was the voice of Optimus Prime at Universal Studios theme park. He appeared in the Looseleaf Theatre Co.’s The Merchant of Venice (Bassanio), As You Like It (Oliver) and Twelfth Night (Sebastian). In January, 2018 he became an ordained minister.

Ciara Elizondo '19

Ciara Elizondo '19 is currently Co-Artistic Director for Blossom Trail Players in Sanger, California where she has directed A Grand Night for Singing and Into the Woods. Previously, she was assistant director for Looseleaf Theatre Company's Two Gentlemen of Verona. Watch her video here.

Katie Foggiano '15

After graduating, Katie worked as an intern for two Tony-award winning theatres. She was an artistic intern at La Jolla Playhouse working in the casting and literary departments and then was an arts administration intern for Actor's Theatre of Louisville where she worked as an assistant director and producer on 15 new works. She went on to serve as a company member and marketing director at First Floor Theatre in Chicago. In 2020 she was accepted into the Johns Hopkins University graduate program in Museum Studies.

Becca (Rogers) Geminn ’04

Becca is a theatre maker, educator, and intimacy director who has worked with and studied under Tony-nominated David Neumann (Hadestown), Broadway director and playwright Kristina Satter (Is this a Room?), Intimacy Director & Coordinator Claire Warden (Slave Play, The Deuce), and Obie award winners Tei Blow, Daniel Hurlin, Sibyl Kempson. In 2020 she was selected to participate in La Mama Theatre's new playwright festival with her solo piece, Peniel - which was unfortunately canceled due to COVID-19. She earned her MFA in Theatre Arts from Sarah Lawrence College in 2020.

Kate (West) Griswold '08

Kate worked briefly for Gothic Moon Productions as a scenic artist and production assistant. Currently she is Director of Operations for Mastermind Production Group Inc. where she recently assisted on audio and lighting services for events like the world premiere of Disney's Beauty and the Beast (2017), The Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscar Party (2016 & 2017), the world premiere of Disney's Moana (2016), the NAMM Nissan Grand Plaza Stage Performance (2015 & 2017), and the MTV Fandom Awards (2015 &2016) as well as other local events in the L.A./Orange County area. Go to: www.mastermindpg.com

Chloe June Harrison '18

Chloe was hired right out of school as the assistant technical director at the Downey Civic Theater after working part-time for Laughing Dog Productions while still a student. She then went on to work as an associate lighting designer fo