ucing theatre.

Megan Tisdale '13

Megan worked full time for costume services at Disneyland from 2013-2017.

Masako Tobaru '05

Masako has been with the Chance Theatre since 2003, and also serves as the technical director, a resident stage manager and lighting designer. Her Chance Theater credits include Little Women, Anne of Green Gables, Edward Albee’s The Goat, or Who is Sylvia?, The Eight: Reindeer Monologues, and Evita, among others. Her credits outside the Chance include Ganga…Life as a River, Much Ado About Nothing, Cabaret, Medea, Patient A and The Last Night of Ballyhoo.

Adrienne Van Dalen '19

Right after graduating, Adrienne joined Carnival Cruise Line where she is a backstage technician. Her job entails managing the stage area during all full-cast production shows, magic shows, variety shows, Welcome Aboard Show, Carnival Legends Show, game shows, lounge talks, presentations, and more.

Isaac Vermilye '18

Isaac Vermilye is the assistant production manager at San Diego Junior Theater.

Justin Jorgensen Vierela '11

Justin holds a Master of Fine Arts degree in Arts Administration from Southern Utah University where he worked for the Tony-Award Winning Utah Shakespeare Festival. He then went on to work for New Village Arts Theatre in San Diego and as Sponsorship and Special Events Coordinator at the Utah Shakespeare Festival. From 2017-2020 he was the director of development for The Moonlight Cultural Foundation, a live musical theatre in San Diego. In 2020 he became a Philanthropy Officer at Northwest Harvest in Seattle, WA.

Makenzie Weatherford '19

Makenzie received a Master of Fine Arts in Acting in 2022 at Northern Illinois University where she was on a full tuition assistantship.  Since then she has appeared in Shakespeare's Twelfth Night at Kane Repertory Theatre and in the independent short film, Alus for which she was nominated for a Best Actress award from the New Creators Film Awards.

Hannah Welter '10

Hannah currently works as a the Director of Production for Go Button Productions, LLC designing and producing theatre, film and live events for the entertainment, corporate, gaming and tech industries. Projects have included work at the Disneyland Resort, San Diego Comic Con, and E3. She has returned to design costumes for Concordia’s shows including the annual Gala of the Stars, Still Life With Iris, Pride and Prejudice, and Hamlet. Hannah also served as Art Director for the interactive horror theatre experience Delusion: His Crimson Queen and continues to assist with their annual show. Go to: www.gobuttonproductions.com

Read Full Story »

Watch Hannah's Interview

Brittney S. Wheeler '08

Brittney is an Ovation Award-winning actress and singer who has performed in over 35 professional productions in L.A., Orange County and Ventura County. She appeared in the regional premiere of The Color Purple (as Jarene the head church lady) and in the remount of Coeurage Theatre Company's Failure: A Love Story at the prestigious Kirk Douglas Theatre. In addition to her acting, Wheeler has directed the musical Edward at Long Beach Playhouse and she is a company member and casting associate for Celebration Theatre, an LGBT theatre in North Hollywood.

Megan Wilkerson '20

Megan graduated amid the COVID crisis but was hired soon after by the Young Americans to appear on stage singing and dancing at their dinner theater, Center Stage Event Center in Eureka Springs, Arkansas, and later in their The Magic of Christmas at La Mirada Theatre for the Performing Arts.

Lauren Winnenberg '14

Lauren received an M.A. in Arts Politics at NYU’s Tisch School of the Arts (2016) where she received a Lew & Edie Wasserman Research Grant. She is a founding member of Salty Corkscrew Theatre Co and a member of Theatre 68. She recently assistant directed Come Back (Theatre 68) and stage managed for the NYC Women's Work Festival and New York Fringe Festival. She has worked with Culture Project, Untitled Theatre Co. #61, Phantom Projects Theatre Group, and Creative Kids Playhouse of Orange County. See an interview with Lauren on Trunkspace.

Katie (Braun) Zakkak '13

Katie completed an MA in Theatre Education at NYU’s Steinhardt School in 2016 and is now a drama teacher at St. Cecilia Academy in Nashville, TN

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

