https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/liberal-studies/theatre
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Studies
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Faculty
Get Started
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR
Theatre Concentration
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR: THEATRE CONCENTRATION
12 Units
THR 251: Introduction to Theatre
3

This course will provide an overview of the various conventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

THR 261: Acting I
3

As an introduction to basic acting techniques, this course will examine ways to construct the interior, physical, and vocal life of a character, teach warm-up procedures and staging principles including scene analysis, performance of monologues, and improvisations. There may be an additional charge for field trips.


THR 461: Creative Dramatics
3

With an emphasis upon personal dramatic experience and drama as process instead of theatrical product, this course will examine the principles and procedures for utilizing creative dramatics activities as an instructional tool. Through individual and group movement, sound, and unscripted exercises, students learn to incorporate dramatic activities in the classroom, rehearsal hall and a variety of other settings, including an introduction to puppetry.


Choose 1 of the following courses:
THR 200: Stagecraft
3

Through hands-on experiences this course will introduce the practical application of theatrical design principles including techniques and practices of technical organization, set construction, lighting preparation, costume construction, makeup application, and sound preparation. Lab fee: $50.

THR 210: Introduction to Theatrical Design
3

As an introduction to the theories and principles of theatrical design, this course will emphasize the holistic and scenographic approach, while exploring set, lighting, costume, makeup, and sound design with director/ designer collaboration. Lab fee: $50.

THR 351: Play Direction I
3

This course will introduce students to the following techniques: play selection and analysis, auditioning, scene design and staging, actor coaching, rehearsal strategies, and production management. Both the principles for proscenium and the open stage will be discussed along with the presentation and evaluation of workshop scenes. Prerequisites: THR 251 and THR 261 and THR 262 and THR 341 or consent of instructor.

THR 441: Theatre and Culture I
3

Through the study of representative plays, this course will examine the various theatre cultures from the Classical period through the Renaissance, giving consideration to the theatrical conventions, visual art, music, and significant historical events of the periods. There may be an additional charge for required field trips. Prerequisite: THR 251 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


THR 442: Theatre and Culture II
3

As a continuation of THR 441, this course will examine theatre cultures from the Renaissance to the present day. There may be an additional charge for required field trips. Prerequisite: THR 251 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

