https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Theatre/kennedy-center-american-college-theatre-festival
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theatre Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Contact 
Get Started
Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
KCACTF

Our department is proud to participate annually in the Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival (KCACTF) – Region 8.

As part of the festival, most of our productions receive a critical response from a faculty respondent from another college or university in the region. They give the cast and student designers their perspective on our work in an effort to help us strive for excellence in all areas. A small number of productions from our region each year have scenes invited to the annual regional festival and an even smaller number of complete productions, about 8 per year, are invited to the festival to compete for the opportunity to go to the national festival at the Kennedy Center.

Being invited to the festival is a tremendous honor as our region consists of 127 schools across the states of Hawaii, Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and a good portion of California. Since the beginning of its participation in KCACTF, Concordia has been honored with the following invitations to the regional festival:

2023 - a scene from Godspell music by Stephen Schwartz, book by John-Michael Tebelak, directed by Lori C. Siekmann, musical direction by Diane King Vann, choreographed by Autumn Mortenson
2020 - Xanadu book by Douglas Carter Beane, Music and Lyrics by Jeff Lynne and John Farrar, directed by Lori C. Siekmann, musical direction by Diane King Vann, choreography by Autumn Mortenson.
2019 - The production of I and You by Lauren Gunderson, directed by Jeremy Lewis
2018 - A scene from Still Life With Iris by Steven Dietz, directed by Lori C. Siekmann
2017 ‐ A devised piece For Those Who Cannot Speak for Themselves: Silence - created for the Around-the-World Semester and directed by Tony Vezner
2015 – The production of The Drowsy Chaperone music and lyrics by Lisa Lambert and Greg Morrison, book by Bob Martin and Don McKellar, directed by Lori C. Siekmann, music direction by Vanda Eggington, choreographed by Tyson Garner
2013 – The table scene from Beau Jest by James Sherman, directed by Tony Vezner
2012 - The production of The Cover of Life by R.T. Robinson, directed by Lori C. Siekmann
2011 – The “nunnery scene” from Hamlet by William Shakespeare, directed by Tony Vezner
2010 – The production of The Foolish Proposal, an improvisational comedy in the style of Commedia Del Arte, conceived and directed by Lori C. Siekmann
2004 – The production of Medea by Euripedes, directed by Mic Shackelford
2003 – The opening scene from Cabaret - book by Joe Masteroff, based on the play by John Van Druten and stories by Christopher Isherwood, music by John Kander, lyrics by Fred Ebb, directed by Dr. Peter Senkbeil, music direction by Rob Blaney, choreographed by Melanie Jacobson
2002 – A scene from Agnes of God by John Pielmeier, directed by Mic Shackelford

Besides this, 2-3 actors per production are nominated to compete in the Irene Ryan National Acting Competition at the KCACTF regional festival to compete against nominees from other participating colleges and universities. The festival culminates in a national acting competition at the Kennedy Center each year.

Our faculty has been recognized by KCACTF for its excellence:
2023 - Prof. Andrew Sierzyn received the award for "Excellence in Theatre Education"
2015 - Prof. Lori C. Siekmann received the Kennedy Center Gold Medallion of Excellence – the highest award given to an educator by the Kennedy Center
2011 – Prof. Tony Vezner received the award for "Excellence in Theatre Education"
2003 - Dr. Peter Senkbeil received the award for “Excellence in Theatre Education”
For more information on region 8 of the Kennedy Center of American College Theatre Festival, visit www.kcactf-8.org.
Request Info

Want to know more about Concordia University Irvine? Let one of our admissions counselors get in touch with you and answer any questions you might have.

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

In your college search, it's important that you find the right fit for you. That's why we offer both group visits and individual visits for you and your family throughout the year. Come experience our beautiful hilltop campus, sit in on a class, attend chapel, and dine in our cafeteria

Visit us at one of our upcoming Admissions events

APR

7

Senior's Preview Day
(2-day event)
Concordia University Irvine

VIEW ALL EVENTS
Apply

If you are seeking a place that honors your "andness"-your individuality, your perspective, your interests, your questions and contributions-you will find it at Concordia.

Deadlines to Apply
Early Action	Dec. 1
Priority	Feb. 15
Regular	Apr. 1
Applications received after April 1 are reviewed on a rolling bases.
MORE INFO
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

