uisite: C- or better in MTH 313. Offered alternate years.


MTH 489: Real Analysis
3

This course will provide an introduction to the advanced study of the real number system, and the ideas and proof techniques specific to mathematical analysis. Topics include properties of the real numbers, sequences, series, limits, continuity, and differentiation. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 313 and MTH 373. Offered alternate years.


MTH 495: Topics in Mathematics - Review
1.5

As the first of two (2) capstone courses for all mathematics majors, students will meet as a group once per week to review competencies in the major, take group-wide assessments, and complete a preliminary research abstract on a topic of their choice as they work with a faculty mentor followed by a short presentation to their peers and faculty regarding their preliminary findings for reaction and feedback. Prerequisite: Senior standing.


MTH 496: Topics in Mathematics - Final
1.5

As the second of two (2) capstone courses for all mathematics majors, students, working with a faculty mentor, will complete their research from MTH 495 on a written project and present their findings to a committee of peers and faculty. Inclusion of the research project in the President's Academic Showcase for Undergraduate Research is encouraged. Prerequisite: Senior standing.


CHOOSE THREE OF THE FOLLOWING COURSES:
MTH 379: Numerical Analysis
3

This course serves as an introduction to the basic algorithms of numerical analysis. Topics may include numerical solutions of algebraic equations, interpolation and approximation methods, approximate numerical solutions to systems of linear and non-linear equations, and numerical differentiation and integration. Prerequisite: C- or better in CSC 104 and MTH 272. Offered alternate years.


MTH 380: Modern Geometry
3

This course will provide a general study of deductive systems of geometry including Euclidean, projective, finite, and other non-Euclidean geometries. Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: C- or better in AMTH 101 or CMTH 101 or MTH 201 or MTH 252 or MTH 271 or equivalent.


MTH 388: Probability and Statistics II
3

A continuation of MTH 387, this course will cover various multivariate probability distributions, bias and unbiased estimators, Least Square estimation, ANOVA , Block Designs, and a revisit of hypothesis testing and a study of nonparametric statistics. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 387. Offered alternate years.


MTH 474: Modern Algebra II
3

This course is a continuation of the study of the properties and operations within rings, integral domains, fields, quotient rings, groups, subgroups, homomorphisms and isomorphisms. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 473 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

