https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/mathematics/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Mathematics
Curriculum
Minor 
Actuarial Science Program
Faculty
Get Started
MATHEMATICS MAJOR
Curriculum
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
MATHEMATICS MAJOR
46 Units
CSC 104: Fundamentals of Programming
4

This course covers the basic principles of computer programming and algorithm design using the C# programming language. The class addresses basic language syntax, branching, looping, exceptions, I/O, string processing, best practices, and tools for writing quality computer programs. It also introduces the process of turning a program that was written in a high-level language into an intermediate language and how the operating system then loads and executes it. Students in the class will be able to write elementary programs that will run on the Microsoft .NET Framework and the open source equivalent, Mono.


MTH 271: Calculus I
4

This course will study differential and integral calculus in one variable through graphical, numerical and symbolic methods. Limits, continuity, derivatives, and integrals will be studied with algebraic, trigonometric, exponential and logarithmic functions, including applications using calculus to solve problems. Prerequisite: A passing score on the Calculus Placement Exam, or consent of the department chair.

MTH 272: Calculus II
4

A continuation of MTH 271, this course will include a study of methods of integration, applied to algebraic and transcendental functions. Solids of revolution, definite and indefinite integrals, Taylor polynomials, sequences and series, will be studied including applications using calculus to solve problems. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 271 or acceptable AP examination credit.

MTH 313: Mathematics Notation and Proof
3

This course will introduce standard mathematical notation, methods, truth tables, and principles of symbolic logic for use in determining the validity of arguments, dealing with proper notation and structure in mathematical proofs including direct and indirect proofs, mathematical induction, and construction of counter-examples. Application will be made to a field of mathematics such as set theory, algebra, or geometry. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 272.


MTH 371: Linear Algebra
3

This course will study properties of matrix arithmetic, systems of linear equations, determinants, vector spaces, linear transformations, diagonalization, inner products, and applications of these topics. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 272.


MTH 373: Calculus III
4

As a continuation of MTH 272, this course will include the study of vector calculus, three-dimensional calculus, partial derivatives, multiple integrals, differential calculus, and other selected topics in vector calculus. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 272.


MTH 384: Ordinary Differential Equations
3

This course will cover the classification of differential equations along with first order equations, exact differentials, integrating factors, higher order differential equations, method of undetermined coefficients, variation of parameters, operator methods, solution by infinite series, and Laplace transformations. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 272. Offered alternate years.


MTH 387: Probability and Statistics I
3

This course will look at the probability and combinatorics; discrete and continuous random variables; the normal, gamma, Chi-square, Poisson, and binomial distributions with applications. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 373 (concurrent enrollment allowed). Offered alternate years.


MTH 473: Modern Algebra I
3

This course will study the properties and operations within groups, rings, integral domains, fields, normal subgroups, quotient groups, homomorphisms, and isomorphisms. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 313. Offered alternate years.


MTH 489: Real Analysis
3

This course will provide an introduction to the advanced study of the real number system, and the ideas and proof techniques specific to mathematical analysis. Topics include properties of the real numbers, sequences, series, limits, continuity, and differentiation. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 313 and MTH 373. Offered alternate years.


MTH 495: Topics in Mathematics - Review
1.5

As the first of two (2) capstone courses for all mathematics majors, students will meet as a group once per week to review competencies in the major, take group-wide assessments, and complete a preliminary research abstract on a topic of their choice as they work with a faculty mentor followed by a short presentation to their peers and faculty regarding their preliminary findings for reaction and feedback. Prerequisite: Senior standing.


MTH 496: Topics in Mathematics - Final
1.5

As the second of two (2) capstone cou