https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Chemistry
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Chemistry Major
Bachelor of Arts
Bachelor of Science
Minor
Research Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
Chemistry Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Make a Lasting Impact with a Career in Chemistry

Referred to as the “central science,” chemistry is key to understanding other fields of study, including biology, geology, astronomy, physics, medicine, engineering, and materials science. The study of chemistry prepares you to investigate and analyze major problems in science, technology, environment, and health, as well as formulate and articulate solutions to them.

In concert with the Great Commission, the study of chemistry embraces the idea that its coursework should actively encourage and prepare you to develop theologically sound and scientifically solid connections between the Christian faith and the discipline. Because of our small, rigorous classes, students benefit from personal attention and assistance from their professors, as well as tremendous opportunities to engage in important research.

Concordia University Irvine’s Bachelor of Arts in Chemistry allows you flexibility to accommodate a double major or minor degree and also may be of interest to students preparing for chemistry business careers or chemistry-related fields that are not directly research or laboratory positions. The defining characteristic of the bachelor of arts degree is the flexibility to pursue your desired career path and the value in the breadth of our coursework that may open up new ways of thinking.

APPLY NOW

Medical Science Professions

Many of our chemistry majors pursue careers in the medical science professions. If your goals include going to medical school, Concordia is a great place to prepare for that. Professors actively partner with chemistry students to assist with career planning, scholarship and fellowship, and internship applications supported by richly detailed letters of recommendation – whether that's as an M.D., D.O., D.D.S., R.N., D.P.T., or other. Our Medical Science Program Director, Professor Scott Gaines, will meet with you to discuss graduate opportunities in the medical sciences.

Professor Scott Gaines
(949) 214-3303
scott.gaines@cui.edu

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Chemistry major are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Alum Heads to Los Alamos Lab on Prestigious Fellowship

Cecilia Eiroa '15
Chemistry Ph.D. Candidate at Washington State University in Pullman

Cecilia Eiroa Lledo '15, a chemistry Ph.D. candidate at Washington State University in Pullman, Wash., was awarded a prestigious Seaborg Fellowship to conduct research in nuclear chemistry at Los Alamos National Laboratory this coming summer.

READ STORY
Q&A with an Aspiring Food Chemist

Lila Musegades '18
Graduate Researcher, Food Science and Technology at Washington State University

Lila Musegades '18 is presently pursuing a Master’s of Food Science and Technology at Washington State University. Her master’s thesis focuses on the microbiology of wines and ciders with a specific interest in improving the fermentation processes of cider. Her career goals include becoming a Food Chemist and pursuing a doctoral degree.

READ STORY
Concordia University Irvine Prepares Alum for Graduate Program at USC

Grace Chong '15
Ph.D. Candidate at USC Doing Research on DNA Repair

Grace Chong '15, a double major in Chemistry and Biology, came to Concordia intending to go into the medical field, but changed her mind because of the research she was involved in at Concordia University Irvine.

READ STORY
Opportunities for Chemistry Majors

As a Chemistry major, you will have a wide range of exciting research opportunities during the regular academic year and throughout the summer months.  Chemistry faculty work closely with chemistry students to assist them in applying for scholarships and fellowships.

Academic Opportunities

The Chemistry major collaborates with the Physics major and other majors in the natural sciences when structuring courses and interdisciplinary research. This gives many of our students the freedom to pursue a double major or compliment their Chemistry major with coursework from other disciplines that may fit their desired career path.

Biology Minor
Chemistry Minor
Mathematics Minor
Biochemistry Major
Biology Major
Mathematics Major
Physics Major
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also collaborate on chemistry-themed, community service projects, sponsor special activities, and bring in distinguished guest speakers.

Amer