 exciting research opportunities during the regular academic year and throughout the summer months.  Chemistry faculty work closely with chemistry students to assist them in applying for scholarships and fellowships.

Academic Opportunities

The Chemistry major collaborates with the Physics major and other majors in the natural sciences when structuring courses and interdisciplinary research. This gives many of our students the freedom to pursue a double major or compliment their Chemistry major with coursework from other disciplines that may fit their desired career path.

Biology Minor
Chemistry Minor
Mathematics Minor
Biochemistry Major
Biology Major
Mathematics Major
Physics Major
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also collaborate on chemistry-themed, community service projects, sponsor special activities, and bring in distinguished guest speakers.

American Chemical Society Student Chapter
Phi Delta Epsilon International Medical Fraternity
Research Opportunities

The Chemistry program offers multiple opportunities for you to become engaged in chemical research activities on campus. Faculty-led projects in the fields of chemical physics, biochemistry, and molecular biology are available both during the semester and in the summer. As a Chemistry major, you can develop research projects in any of the foundational areas of chemistry: analytical, physical, inorganic, organic, or biochemistry. Your project may be used to fulfill requirements for research classes, the President’s Academic Showcase, or as an honors project.

Peer-Reviewed Scientific Journals
President's Academic Showcase
Women of Faith in Science Program
Scientific Conferences
Graduate Schools Attended

Many of our alumni in the natural sciences continue their education in graduate school. Concordia has proudly placed graduates in first-class PhD programs ranging from material science and nuclear chemistry to food science and chemical engineering.

Baylor University
UC Davis
UCLA
UCSF
USC
Washington State University
Research Facilities

The research equipment inventory of Concordia’s Chemical Physics Laboratory and Biology laboratories is well equipped to support research of inorganic and organometallic synthesis, analytical chemistry, molecular biology and biochemistry, and atomic and molecular spectroscopy.



Previous


Next

LEARN MORE

Curriculum

The Concordia Bachelor of Arts in Chemistry program collaborates closely with the mathematics, physics, and biology programs in structuring courses and interdisciplinary research and educational opportunities for students.

CORE
31 Units
CHE 222: Chemistry II
4

The major topics of this course will include solubility products, chemical thermodynamics, chemical kinetics, and qualitative analysis. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 221.


CHE 321: Organic Chemistry I
4

This course will examine the fundamental concepts relating to organic compounds with an emphasis on structure, nomenclature, theory, bonding, stereochemistry, reaction mechanisms, and physical and chemical properties of the principle classes of compounds. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 222.


CHE 354: Inorganic Chemistry
4

Through a systematic exposition of major trends in structure, bonding, reactivity, and spectroscopy across the periodic table, this course will include main group chemistry, transition metal and coordination chemistry, lanthanide/actinide chemistry, organometallic chemistry, bioinorganic chemistry, solid state chemistry, electron transfer processes, and generalized concepts of acidity. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 or consent of instructor.


CHE 421: Biochemistry I
4

This course will provide an introduction to the principles of chemistry that govern life systems including topics in pH and buffers, enzymes, amino acids, proteins, lipids, carbohydrates, nucleic acids, and metabolic pathways with exercises emphasizing protein purification and characterization techniques, plus kinetic modeling. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 221 and CHE 222 and CHE 321 and CHE 322 (concurrent enrollment allowed for CHE 322) or consent of instructor.


CHE 424: Analytical Chemistry
4

Theory and fundamental techniques of qualitative and quantitative chemical analysis via classical and advanced instrumental methods will be the focus of this course. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 or consent of instructor.


CHE 496: Research in Chemistry
2

As a hands-on introduction to chemical research, this course will emphasize research process, skills, and methods including lab research, library 