biomimetic structures, unnatural nucleic acids and proteins, and medicinal chemistry.


CHE 418: Molecular Spectroscopy
4

An advanced exposition of theoretical concepts with experimental aspects of atomic and molecular spectroscopy on electronic absorption, electronic luminescence, Raman, and infrared spectroscopes within a group theoretical and symmetry-based conceptual framework. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 431 and CHE 432 (concurrent enrollment allowed for CHE 432) or consent of instructor.


CHE 422: Biochemistry II
3

This course is the second semester of a two-semester general biochemistry course which will be focusing on structural biology and information pathways, including topics amino acids, proteins, nucleic acids, genes and chromosomes, DNA/RNA/protein metabolism. Lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: CHE 321 and CHE 322 and CHE 421 or consent of instructor.


CHE 431: Physical Chemistry I
4

This course will cover classical thermodynamics: 0th, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd laws, gas laws, and kinetic molecular theory of gases, colligative properties, solubility's, equilibria, phases and phase transitions, and electrochemistry. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (CHE 222 and MTH 272) and (PHY 211 or PHY 221) and MTH 373 (concurrent enrollment allowed for MTH 373) or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


CHE 432: Physical Chemistry II
4

This course will examine quantum mechanics; atomic and molecular orbital theory; symmetry, atomic, and molecular spectroscopy; statistical thermodynamics; and philosophical/scientific implications of quantum mechanics. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 431 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


PHY 212: Physics II
4

As a continuation of PHY 211, this course will emphasize electricity, magnetism, light, optics, and modern physics. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in PHY 211.


OR

PHY 222: Calculus-based Physics II
4

As a continuation of PHY 221, this course will cover thermodynamics, Maxwell's equations of electricity and magnetism, current, voltage, resistance, inductance, reactance, power, optics and optical systems, interference, diffraction, polarization, dispersion, and coherence. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in PHY 221 and MTH 272 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or consent of instructor.


TOTAL UNITS
44-47 Units
Meet Your Professor

One of the great advantages of small class size is that you get to work closely with faculty in both your classes and on research projects. Our program prepares you for your vocation as Chemists and Biochemists and addresses the interaction of faith and science throughout the curriculum.

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese obtained her Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Her doctoral work and current research interests involve a protein involved in some cases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) or Lou Gehrig’s Disease. She teaches a variety of classes, ranging from introductory to advanced biology and chemistry courses. She enjoys working with students to learn complex biological and chemical topics in their classes and research and helping them explore the intersection of faith and science in their chosen field.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

CHEMISTRY FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get In Touch

For questions about the Chemistry major, contact:

Scott E. Gaines
Department Co-Chair for Biology
scott.gaines@cui.edu
(949) 214-3305

Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology
lindsay.kane-barnese@cui.edu
949-214-3299

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Roo