https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Chemistry
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Chemistry Major
Bachelor of Arts
Bachelor of Science
Minor
Research Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
Chemistry Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Make a Lasting Impact with a Career in Chemistry

Referred to as the “central science,” chemistry is key to understanding other fields of study, including biology, geology, astronomy, physics, medicine, engineering, and materials science. The study of chemistry prepares you to investigate and analyze major problems in science, technology, environment, and health, as well as formulate and articulate solutions to them.

In concert with the Great Commission, the study of chemistry embraces the idea that its coursework should actively encourage and prepare you to develop theologically sound and scientifically solid connections between the Christian faith and the discipline. Because of our small, rigorous classes, students benefit from personal attention and assistance from their professors, as well as tremendous opportunities to engage in important research.

Concordia University Irvine’s Bachelor of Arts in Chemistry allows you flexibility to accommodate a double major or minor degree and also may be of interest to students preparing for chemistry business careers or chemistry-related fields that are not directly research or laboratory positions. The defining characteristic of the bachelor of arts degree is the flexibility to pursue your desired career path and the value in the breadth of our coursework that may open up new ways of thinking.

APPLY NOW

Medical Science Professions

Many of our chemistry majors pursue careers in the medical science professions. If your goals include going to medical school, Concordia is a great place to prepare for that. Professors actively partner with chemistry students to assist with career planning, scholarship and fellowship, and internship applications supported by richly detailed letters of recommendation – whether that's as an M.D., D.O., D.D.S., R.N., D.P.T., or other. Our Medical Science Program Director, Professor Scott Gaines, will meet with you to discuss graduate opportunities in the medical sciences.

Professor Scott Gaines
(949) 214-3303
scott.gaines@cui.edu

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Chemistry major are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Alum Heads to Los Alamos Lab on Prestigious Fellowship

Cecilia Eiroa '15
Chemistry Ph.D. Candidate at Washington State University in Pullman

Cecilia Eiroa Lledo '15, a chemistry Ph.D. candidate at Washington State University in Pullman, Wash., was awarded a prestigious Seaborg Fellowship to conduct research in nuclear chemistry at Los Alamos National Laboratory this coming summer.

READ STORY
Q&A with an Aspiring Food Chemist

Lila Musegades '18
Graduate Researcher, Food Science and Technology at Washington State University

Lila Musegades '18 is presently pursuing a Master’s of Food Science and Technology at Washington State University. Her master’s thesis focuses on the microbiology of wines and ciders with a specific interest in improving the fermentation processes of cider. Her career goals include becoming a Food Chemist and pursuing a doctoral degree.

READ STORY
Concordia University Irvine Prepares Alum for Graduate Program at USC

Grace Chong '15
Ph.D. Candidate at USC Doing Research on DNA Repair

Grace Chong '15, a double major in Chemistry and Biology, came to Concordia intending to go into the medical field, but changed her mind because of the research she was involved in at Concordia University Irvine.

READ STORY
Opportunities for Chemistry Majors

As a Chemistry major, you will have a wide range of exciting research opportunities during the regular academic year and throughout the summer months.  Chemistry faculty work closely with chemistry students to assist them in applying for scholarships and fellowships.

Academic Opportunities

The Chemistry major collaborates with the Physics major and other majors in the natural sciences when structuring courses and interdisciplinary research. This gives many of our students the freedom to pursue a double major or compliment their Chemistry major with coursework from other disciplines that may fit their desired career path.

Biology Minor
Chemistry Minor
Mathematics Minor
Biochemistry Major
Biology Major
Mathematics Major
Physics Major
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also collaborate on chemistry-themed, community service projects, sponsor special activities, and bring in distinguished guest speakers.

American Chemical Society Student Chapter
Phi Delta Epsilon International Medical Fraternity
Research Opportunities

The Chemistry program offers multiple opportunities for you to become engaged in chemical research activities on campus. Faculty-led projects in the fields of chemical physics, biochemistry, and molecular biology are available both during the semester and in the summer. As a Chemistry major, you can develop research projects in any of the foundational areas of chemistry: analytical, physical, inorganic, organic, or biochemistry. Your project may be used to fulfill requirements for research classes, the President’s Academic Showcase, or as an honors project.

Peer-Reviewed Scientific Journals
President's Academic Showcase
Women of Faith in Science Program
Scientific Conferences
Graduate Schools Attended

Many of our alumni in the natural sciences continue their education in graduate school. Concordia has proudly placed graduates in first-class PhD programs ranging from material science and nuclear chemistry to food science and chemical engineering.

Baylor University
UC Davis
UCLA
UCSF
USC
Washington State University
Research Facilities

The research equipment inventory of Concordia’s Chemical Physics Laboratory and Biology laboratories is well equipped to support research of inorganic and organometallic synthesis, analytical chemistry, molecular biology and biochemistry, and atomic and molecular spectroscopy.



Previous


Next

LEARN MORE

Curriculum

The Concordia Bachelor of Arts in Chemistry program collaborates closely with the mathematics, physics, and biology programs in structuring courses and interdisciplinary research and educational opportunities for students.

CORE
31 Units
CHE 222: Chemistry II
4

The major topics of this course will include solubility products, chemical thermodynamics, chemical kinetics, and qualitative analysis. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 221.


CHE 321: Organic Chemistry I
4

This course will examine the fundamental concepts relating to organic compounds with an emphasis on structure, nomenclature, theory, bonding, stereochemistry, reaction mechanisms, and physical and chemical properties of the principle classes of compounds. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 222.


CHE 354: Inorganic Chemistry
4

Through a systematic exposition of major trends in structure, bonding, reactivity, and spectroscopy across the periodic table, this course will include main group chemistry, transition metal and coordination chemistry, lanthanide/actinide chemistry, organometallic chemistry, bioinorganic chemistry, solid state chemistry, electron transfer processes, and generalized concepts of acidity. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 or consent of instructor.


CHE 421: Biochemistry I
4

This course will provide an introduction to the principles of chemistry that govern life systems including topics in pH and buffers, enzymes, amino acids, proteins, lipids, carbohydrates, nucleic acids, and metabolic pathways with exercises emphasizing protein purification and characterization techniques, plus kinetic modeling. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 221 and CHE 222 and CHE 321 and CHE 322 (concurrent enrollment allowed for CHE 322) or consent of instructor.


CHE 424: Analytical Chemistry
4

Theory and fundamental techniques of qualitative and quantitative chemical analysis via classical and advanced instrumental methods will be the focus of this course. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 or consent of instructor.


CHE 496: Research in Chemistry
2

As a hands-on introduction to chemical research, this course will emphasize research process, skills, and methods including lab research, library research, peer reviewed chemical abstracts and journals, electronic chemical databases, professional journal manuscript style guides, and statistical analysis which will be used in writing research manuscripts and making research presentations. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Course may be taken for a range of units (0.5-2 units per semester). Prerequisite: C- or better in SCI 495.


CHE 499: Senior Thesis
1

This course will be a culmination of original student-conducted scientific research resulting in a paper and presentation. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 496 and SCI 495; restricted to seniors.


SCI 455: History and Philosophy of Science
3

This course will introduce the philosophic nature of science with a literary review of philosophic issues associated with the epistemological and historical development of science starting with ancient Greece through today. Cross listed with HST 455. Prerequisite: CBIO 101 or consent of instructor. Typically offered every spring semester.


SCI 495: Research Methods
1

This course will introduce basic techniques in laboratory research, experimental design, library databases, review of peer-reviewed literature, and quantitative and qualitative analyses. Students will compose a research proposal intended to guide future original student-conducted research. Interdisciplinary topics are included. Prerequisite: Sixteen (16) units of major courses or consent of instructor. Typically offered each semester.


PHY 211: Physics I
4

This introductory course will emphasize classical mechanics, wave motion, and thermodynamics. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: Consent of division chair.


OR

PHY 221: Calculus-based Physics I
4

This course will study Newtonian mechanics: vectors and scalars, kinematics and dynamics of translational and rotational motion, Newton's laws, speed, velocity, acceleration, force, torque, work, energy, linear and angular momentum, wave and harmonic motion, gravitation, friction, conservation of energy and momentum, thermodynamics. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: MTH 271 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or consent of instructor.


ELECTIVES
13-16 Units
Choose 4 of the following courses:
CHE 322: Organic Chemistry II
4

This course will focus on aromaticity, advanced synthesis and reaction mechanisms, kinetics, organometallic chemistry, and bio-organic chemistry. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 321.


CHE 403: Biological Inorganic Chemistry
3

This course will investigate the roles of metals in biology. Topics will include metals homeostasis in living organisms, metalloenzymes, metals in medicine, metalloproteins that function in respiration, photosynthesis, and electronic transfer.


CHE 405: Chemical Biology
3

This course will investigate modern topics of chemical biology. Topics will include protein modification, solid phase synthesis of proteins and DNA, chemical tags of biomolecules, biomimetic structures, unnatural nucleic acids and proteins, and medicinal chemistry.


CHE 418: Molecular Spectroscopy
4

An advanced exposition of theoretical concepts with experimental aspects of atomic and molecular spectroscopy on electronic absorption, electronic luminescence, Raman, and infrared spectroscopes within a group theoretical and symmetry-based conceptual framework. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 431 and CHE 432 (concurrent enrollment allowed for CHE 432) or consent of instructor.


CHE 422: Biochemistry II
3

This course is the second semester of a two-semester general biochemistry course which will be focusing on structural biology and information pathways, including topics amino acids, proteins, nucleic acids, genes and chromosomes, DNA/RNA/protein metabolism. Lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: CHE 321 and CHE 322 and CHE 421 or consent of instructor.


CHE 431: Physical Chemistry I
4

This course will cover classical thermodynamics: 0th, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd laws, gas laws, and kinetic molecular theory of gases, colligative properties, solubility's, equilibria, phases and phase transitions, and electrochemistry. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (CHE 222 and MTH 272) and (PHY 211 or PHY 221) and MTH 373 (concurrent enrollment allowed for MTH 373) or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


CHE 432: Physical Chemistry II
4

This course will examine quantum mechanics; atomic and molecular orbital theory; symmetry, atomic, and molecular spectroscopy; statistical thermodynamics; and philosophical/scientific implications of quantum mechanics. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 431 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


PHY 212: Physics II
4

As a continuation of PHY 211, this course will emphasize electricity, magnetism, light, optics, and modern physics. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in PHY 211.


OR

PHY 222: Calculus-based Physics II
4

As a continuation of PHY 221, this course will cover thermodynamics, Maxwell's equations of electricity and magnetism, current, voltage, resistance, inductance, reactance, power, optics and optical systems, interference, diffraction, polarization, dispersion, and coherence. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in PHY 221 and MTH 272 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or consent of instructor.


TOTAL UNITS
44-47 Units
Meet Your Professor

One of the great advantages of small class size is that you get to work closely with faculty in both your classes and on research projects. Our program prepares you for your vocation as Chemists and Biochemists and addresses the interaction of faith and science throughout the curriculum.

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese obtained her Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Her doctoral work and current research interests involve a protein involved in some cases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) or Lou Gehrig’s Disease. She teaches a variety of classes, ranging from introductory to advanced biology and chemistry courses. She enjoys working with students to learn complex biological and chemical topics in their classes and research and helping them explore the intersection of faith and science in their chosen field.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

CHEMISTRY FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get In Touch

For questions about the Chemistry major, contact:

Scott E. Gaines
Department Co-Chair for Biology
scott.gaines@cui.edu
(949) 214-3305

Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Department Co-Chair for Biology
lindsay.kane-barnese@cui.edu
949-214-3299

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

