https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/mathematics/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Mathematics
Curriculum
Minor 
Actuarial Science Program
Faculty
Get Started
MATHEMATICS MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Croll, Amanda J.
(949) 214-3549
amanda.croll@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Mathematics
Biography

As an undergraduate, Dr. Croll participated annually in the Carleton College Summer Mathematics Program for Women, which encourages women who are gifted in mathematics to pursue higher degrees. Professor Croll’s doctoral research area was in commutative algebra. In particular, her interests lie in homological algebra, maximal Cohen-Macaulay modules, and Gorenstein rings. Her non-mathematics hobbies include biking, traveling, reading, and playing with her cats.

Education
University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Ph.D. 2013
Lee, Arthur
(949) 214-3312
arthur.lee@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Mathematics
Biography

Dr. Arthur Lee joined the math faculty of Concordia University Irvine in 2023. He earned a BS in Biological Sciences from Stanford University, an MS in Engineering-Economic Systems (now Management Science and Engineering) from Stanford University, and a PhD in Mathematics from UCLA. He enjoys mentoring students and teaching them about the beauty of mathematical proofs.

Melberg, Julie A.
(949) 214-3295
julie.melberg@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Mathematics, Department Chair
Biography

Professor Julie Melberg joined the Concordia mathematics faculty in 2010, after teaching high school mathematics for several years. She received her Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics degree from Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio; her Master of Arts in Mathematics degree from California State Fullerton and is currently pursuing her Ph.D. in Mathematics Education from Curtin University. Professor Melberg enjoys teaching mathematics at Concordia University Irvine, teaching Core Mathematics classes as well as courses for the Mathematics major. Her teaching and research focus on inquiry-based learning and encouraging students to develop life-long thinking skills.

Education
California State University, Fullerton, M.A. 2000
Schulteis, Melinda S.
(949) 214-3293
melinda.schulteis@cui.edu
Professor of Mathematics

“I felt very motivated when I came back to Concordia [to teach],” Dr. Melinda Schulteis says. "I wanted to connect students to local and national mathematics conferences so they could get research experiences as undergraduates.” Dr. Schulteis is proud that Concordia University Irvine now regularly takes students to mathematics conferences as participants and speakers.

Education
University of California Irvine, Ph.D. 2004
Taylor, Bret A.
(949) 214-3294
bret.taylor@cui.edu
Professor of Mathematics
Biography

Dr. Bret Taylor is proud to be a member of the Concordia University Irvine Mathematics department. Since arriving at Concordia University Irvine in 1997, Dr. Taylor has taught a variety of mathematics classes, education courses and classes in the Christ College church-work program. Building on his ten years of teaching junior and senior high school mathematics, Dr. Taylor completed his doctoral degree from Curtin University in Perth, Australia in 2004 focusing on mathematics anxiety and classroom environment.

“If I were to say you can work each day with young people excited and energized about life and their future, investigate and think about the great questions and ideas of all time, and hear God's Word of love and forgiveness each day....wouldn't that sound like a great place to work? That is why I work at Concordia University Irvine!"

Education
Curtin University, Perth, Western Australia, Ph.D. 2004
Talk to a Professor

Connect with a Concordia professor in real-time. Get answers to your questions and learn more about our curriculum.

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

