https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/behavioral-sciences/anthropology
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Behavioral Sciences Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Get Started
BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES MAJOR
Anthropology Emphasis
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

In addition to the Behavioral Science core classes, examine the roles music and religion play in human culture, strategies for analyzing cultures, processes of assimilation, communication issues, cultural foodways, manners, and social expectations.

BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES MAJOR
48 Units
BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES CORE
39 Units
ANT 210: Cultural Anthropology
3

Understanding diverse cultures of the world, from preliterate societies to modern technological societies, is the focus of this course, and will include mankind's universal as well as adaptive dimensions; and the examination of socioeconomic, political, religious, and physical environmental factors that relate to the values and lifestyles of various peoples.


ANT 364: Culture and Self
3

This course will explore the relationship between individual experiences and the socio-cultural context, focusing on the role socio-cultural institutions play on personality, health, and world view.


ANT 435: Religion in Society
3

This course will present a comparative examination of religion as an aspect of human culture and will include substantive and functional approaches to religious behavior, religion as a symbol system, ritual behavior, magic, religious movements, and paranormal phenomena. Prerequisite: ANT 210 or permission of instructor. Offered alternate years.


BSC 265: Statistics for the Behavioral Sciences
3

This is an introductory course for students intending to do social science and education research that will address the basic principles of elementary statistics through the use of statistical analyses, including basic descriptive measures; sampling and sample size estimation; hypothesis testing; testing for differences between means, correlation, and measures of association; techniques for analyzing categorical data; and summarizing and presenting statistical results. A heavy emphasis will be placed on applications of basic statistical concepts to a wide variety of problems encountered in social, educational, and policy-related research, along with the use of computer packages for assisting in data analysis. Prerequisite: CMTH 101, MTH 201 or equivalent.

BSC 296: Introduction to Research Methods
3

This is an experimental learning course in which research techniques and methodologies are studied by developing and carrying out a research project using the following steps: selection of research problems, research design, data collection and analysis, statistical computation, hypothesis testing, and theory building.

BSC 318: Linguistics
3

This course will study language as a fundamental component of human beings by examining the link between experience, culture, and language through the investigation of how language communicates, changes, and is used strategically to accomplish social ends.

BSC 492: Capstone: The Good Society
3

This course will examine the core liberal arts questions that the behavioral sciences attempt to address and will serve as a summative experience for the students in the major. Prerequisites: ANT 364, BSC 265, BSC 296, BSC 318, PSY 345, SOC 321.

PSY 345: Social Psychology
3

The effect of social influences upon the development of personality and behavior patterns will be examined in this course including socialization, attitude formation and change, communication, propaganda, roles and stereotypes, leadership, and collective behavior.


PSY 371: Cognition
3

This theoretical and research-based course will investigate the mental processes that underlie perception, imagery, attention, memory, language, reading, reasoning, decision making, and problem solving.


PSY 403: Health Psychology
3

Unlike traditional models and schools of thought that see diseases solely as malfunctions of organs or breakdowns of body systems, this course will present the approach that health and illness are parts of a complex interplay among biological, psychological, and social factors.


SOC 320: Social Stratification
3

This course will introduce the sources, functions, and dynamics of the unequal distribution of wealth, power, knowledge, and prestige in an historical, comparative perspective.


SOC 321: Social Problems
3

As an introduction to the major problems in contemporary America, this course will focus on the causes, theoretical explanations, and social policy solutions including economic, political, urbanization, environmental, family and educational problems; child abuse; social deviance; crime; delinquency; and drug, alcohol, and tobacco abuse.


SOC 461: Social Theory
3

This course will examine selected social theories and theorists and the history and development of social theory including the following: the formulation and evaluation of social theories such as social systems, evolutionary, formal, phenomenological, symbolic interaction, social action, and exchange theories; sociology of knowledge; and functionalism. Offered alternate years.


ANTHROPOLOGY EMPHASIS
9 Units
Choose 3 of the following courses:
ANT 241: Anthropology Field Methods for Travelers
3

Practical application of anthropological concepts designed to assist in analyzing, understanding, and living within other cultural traditions is the focus of this course and will include topics such as the role of culture, living with culture shock, strategies for analyzing cultures, processes of assimilation, language issues, cultural food ways, manners, and social expectations.


ANT 314: Native Peoples of North America
3

An anthropological overview of native North American societies from pre-Columbian times to the present will be the focus of this course, utilizing a culture area approach and including an emphasis on the native people of California. Cross listed with HST 314. Offered alternate years.


HST 371: Islamic Civilization
3

This introductory course into the lands, peoples, and cultures of the Middle East from antiquity to modern times, will include the role of religion in shaping social and political institutions, and the influence of Islamic thought on the Arab world and conflicts in the contemporary Middle East. Offered alternate years.


MUS 451: Music Cultures of the World I
3

This course will introduce students to the study of music as a universal cultural phenomenon and the discipline of ethnomusicology with exposure to the musical and social aspects of folk, traditional, and art music of Latin America, Africa, India, North America, Southeast Asia, and contemporary mass media. Prerequisite: MUS 102 or MUS 111 or MUS 112 or MUS 201 or equivalent knowledge and experience in music strongly encouraged. Offered alternate years.


OR

MUS 452: Music Cultures of the World II
3

This course will introduce students to the study of music as a universal cultural phenomenon and the discipline of ethnomusicology with exposure to the musical and social aspects of folk, traditional, and art music of regions from Eastern Europe to Asia including the Middle East, Oceania, China, Japan, and Korea, as well as Mexico and the Caribbean. Prerequisite: MUS 102 or MUS 111 or MUS 112 or MUS 201, or equivalent knowledge; experience in music encouraged. Offered alternate years.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

