ogical basis of behavior will include topics on the structure and function of the nervous system, brain-behavior relationships, and hormonal and genetic effects on behavior. Prerequisites: PSY 101; limited to psychology and behavioral science majors or consent of instructor.


PSY 351: Personality Theory
3

This course will study personality through the examination of the psychological systems which determine an individuals unique adjustments to their environment including the major issues and the variety of personality theories and underlying research. (Alternate prerequisite for all upper-level psychology courses.)


PSY 361: Abnormal Psychology
3

This introductory course will look at the symptoms, causes, treatment, and prevention of psychopathology including topics in anxiety, personality, and psychophysiological disorders; psychoses; addictions; sexual deviations; and organic disorders. Prerequisite: PSY 101 or equivalent or consent of instructor.


PSY 313: Developmental Psychology: Childhood
3

The development of physiological and psychological aspects of human growth will be traced from birth through childhood in this course through an examination of the theories and research evidence as well as methodological problems as they relate to the growth process. Prerequisite: Sophomore standing or above.


OR

PSY 314: Developmental Psychology: Adolescence
3

This course will study human development during the adolescent period with an emphasis on an examination of theories and research data as they relate to adolescent development including problems and adjustment patterns in the context of the family, peer groups, school, and society.


OR

PSY 315: Developmental Psychology: Adulthood and Aging
3

This introductory course to the major psychological and developmental issues concerning adulthood, aging, and the aging process; will examine the issues associated with the physical, psychological, cultural, and social aspects of aging; give students a better understanding of the grief process as it relates to the issues of adulthood and aging; and dispel many of the myths and stereotypes about aging. Offered alternate years.


Choose 1 of the following courses:
SOC 229: Crime, Deviance and Social Control
3

This introductory course to the scientific study of crime as a social phenomenon focus on how crime in our society is related to the collective aspects of human life.


SOC 316: Ethnic and Minority Relations
3

This course will analyze ethnicity in contemporary urban society including the relationship between sub-cultural communities and the larger society; examining the factors and processes in the formation of minority groups; and looking at strategies for changing dominant-minority patterns.


SOC 322: Social Movements and Collective Action
3

This course will analyze the role of social movements and collective action in society by examining each as a key component in understanding how, why, and when change takes place in society, as well as who participates in this change and with what effectiveness. Cross listed with HST 322.


SOC 325: Women and Gender Issues
3

This course will offer a multidisciplinary perspective to understanding women's roles along with an analysis of the status of women in Western society from a cross-cultural perspective including gender stereotypes, the theories of male domination, male-female relationships, women's liberation, and the role of women in the church.


SOC 365: Sociology of Globalization
3

This course will investigate globalization and its impact on the political, social, and cultural arrangements around the world. Students will investigate the various definitions and interpretations of globalization; analyze how globalization is experienced in different countries; and examine the various reactions to globalization - both for and against.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
P