https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/behavioral-sciences/general
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Behavioral Sciences Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Get Started
BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES MAJOR
General Emphasis
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

In addition to the Behavioral Science core classes, this emphasis allows you to select coursework from Anthropology, Sociology, and Psychology, accommodating a broad view of the individual, culture, and society.

BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES MAJOR
48 Units
BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES CORE
39 Units
ANT 210: Cultural Anthropology
3

Understanding diverse cultures of the world, from preliterate societies to modern technological societies, is the focus of this course, and will include mankind's universal as well as adaptive dimensions; and the examination of socioeconomic, political, religious, and physical environmental factors that relate to the values and lifestyles of various peoples.


ANT 364: Culture and Self
3

This course will explore the relationship between individual experiences and the socio-cultural context, focusing on the role socio-cultural institutions play on personality, health, and world view.


ANT 435: Religion in Society
3

This course will present a comparative examination of religion as an aspect of human culture and will include substantive and functional approaches to religious behavior, religion as a symbol system, ritual behavior, magic, religious movements, and paranormal phenomena. Prerequisite: ANT 210 or permission of instructor. Offered alternate years.


BSC 265: Statistics for the Behavioral Sciences
3

This is an introductory course for students intending to do social science and education research that will address the basic principles of elementary statistics through the use of statistical analyses, including basic descriptive measures; sampling and sample size estimation; hypothesis testing; testing for differences between means, correlation, and measures of association; techniques for analyzing categorical data; and summarizing and presenting statistical results. A heavy emphasis will be placed on applications of basic statistical concepts to a wide variety of problems encountered in social, educational, and policy-related research, along with the use of computer packages for assisting in data analysis. Prerequisite: CMTH 101, MTH 201 or equivalent.

BSC 296: Introduction to Research Methods
3

This is an experimental learning course in which research techniques and methodologies are studied by developing and carrying out a research project using the following steps: selection of research problems, research design, data collection and analysis, statistical computation, hypothesis testing, and theory building.

BSC 318: Linguistics
3

This course will study language as a fundamental component of human beings by examining the link between experience, culture, and language through the investigation of how language communicates, changes, and is used strategically to accomplish social ends.

BSC 492: Capstone: The Good Society
3

This course will examine the core liberal arts questions that the behavioral sciences attempt to address and will serve as a summative experience for the students in the major. Prerequisites: ANT 364, BSC 265, BSC 296, BSC 318, PSY 345, SOC 321.

PSY 345: Social Psychology
3

The effect of social influences upon the development of personality and behavior patterns will be examined in this course including socialization, attitude formation and change, communication, propaganda, roles and stereotypes, leadership, and collective behavior.


PSY 371: Cognition
3

This theoretical and research-based course will investigate the mental processes that underlie perception, imagery, attention, memory, language, reading, reasoning, decision making, and problem solving.


PSY 403: Health Psychology
3

Unlike traditional models and schools of thought that see diseases solely as malfunctions of organs or breakdowns of body systems, this course will present the approach that health and illness are parts of a complex interplay among biological, psychological, and social factors.


SOC 320: Social Stratification
3

This course will introduce the sources, functions, and dynamics of the unequal distribution of wealth, power, knowledge, and prestige in an historical, comparative perspective.


SOC 321: Social Problems
3

As an introduction to the major problems in contemporary America, this course will focus on the causes, theoretical explanations, and social policy solutions including economic, political, urbanization, environmental, family and educational problems; child abuse; social deviance; crime; delinquency; and drug, alcohol, and tobacco abuse.


SOC 461: Social Theory
3

This course will examine selected social theories and theorists and