ed course will investigate the mental processes that underlie perception, imagery, attention, memory, language, reading, reasoning, decision making, and problem solving.


PSY 403: Health Psychology
3

Unlike traditional models and schools of thought that see diseases solely as malfunctions of organs or breakdowns of body systems, this course will present the approach that health and illness are parts of a complex interplay among biological, psychological, and social factors.


SOC 320: Social Stratification
3

This course will introduce the sources, functions, and dynamics of the unequal distribution of wealth, power, knowledge, and prestige in an historical, comparative perspective.


SOC 321: Social Problems
3

As an introduction to the major problems in contemporary America, this course will focus on the causes, theoretical explanations, and social policy solutions including economic, political, urbanization, environmental, family and educational problems; child abuse; social deviance; crime; delinquency; and drug, alcohol, and tobacco abuse.


SOC 461: Social Theory
3

This course will examine selected social theories and theorists and the history and development of social theory including the following: the formulation and evaluation of social theories such as social systems, evolutionary, formal, phenomenological, symbolic interaction, social action, and exchange theories; sociology of knowledge; and functionalism. Offered alternate years.


PSYCHOLOGY EMPHASIS
9 Units
Choose 3 of the following courses:
PSY 331: Marriage and the Family
3

Using a Christian approach to marriage, this course will study the family and its intimate environment including a discussion of courtship and role relationships within the family as a social institution. An emphasis will be placed on the changing nature of the family, family problems, and family strengths.


PSY 340: Introduction to Biopsychology
3

This introductory course to the biological basis of behavior will include topics on the structure and function of the nervous system, brain-behavior relationships, and hormonal and genetic effects on behavior. Prerequisites: PSY 101; limited to psychology and behavioral science majors or consent of instructor.


PSY 351: Personality Theory
3

This course will study personality through the examination of the psychological systems which determine an individuals unique adjustments to their environment including the major issues and the variety of personality theories and underlying research. (Alternate prerequisite for all upper-level psychology courses.)


PSY 361: Abnormal Psychology
3

This introductory course will look at the symptoms, causes, treatment, and prevention of psychopathology including topics in anxiety, personality, and psychophysiological disorders; psychoses; addictions; sexual deviations; and organic disorders. Prerequisite: PSY 101 or equivalent or consent of instructor.


PSY 313: Developmental Psychology: Childhood
3

The development of physiological and psychological aspects of human growth will be traced from birth through childhood in this course through an examination of the theories and research evidence as well as methodological problems as they relate to the growth process. Prerequisite: Sophomore standing or above.


OR

PSY 314: Developmental Psychology: Adolescence
3

This course will study human development during the adolescent period with an emphasis on an examination of theories and research data as they relate to adolescent development including problems and adjustment patterns in the context of the family, peer groups, school, and society.


OR

PSY 315: Developmental Psychology: Adulthood and Aging
3

This introductory course to the major psychological and developmental issues concerning adulthood, aging, and the aging process; will examine the issues associated with the physical, psychological, cultural, and social aspects of aging; give students a better understanding of the grief process as it relates to the issues of adulthood and aging; and dispel many of the myths and stereotypes about aging. Offered alternate years.


Note: Students who select the Psychology emphasis are recommended to take PSY 101 in Enduring Questions & Ideas (GE).

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDUL