https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/behavioral-sciences/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Behavioral Sciences Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Get Started
BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Cosgrove, Jennifer S.
(949) 214-3327
jennifer.cosgrove@cui.edu
Professor of Psychology
Degrees Earned
U.S. International University, Ph.D. 1991
Koenig, Kristen
(949) 214-3548
kristen.koenig@cui.edu
Professor of Sociology

Dr. Kristen Koenig completed her Master’s degree at Oxford University and her Doctorate of Philosophy at the University of York, England. Dr. Koenig joined the faculty at Concordia University Irvine in 2013 after teaching twelve years at Concordia College – New York. Her expertise is in the area of globalization, but her true passion is encouraging students to adapt the sociological imagination to understanding the contemporary world around them. Dr. Koenig encourages students to critically analyze everyday life and enjoys presenting on a variety of salient topics. Some of these presentations include: “The Sociology of Freaks;” “Finding Goodness, Truth and Beauty: From Kaepernick to Kavanaugh;” “The Sociology of Death;” “America the Beautiful: What does this mean?” and “Finding Wisdom in the State of the Union.” Dr. Koenig lives with her family on campus in the Living Learning Community of Bella Amore, and hosts numerous events that bring students and faculty into more informal academic conversations.

Degrees Earned
Education: B.A., Occidental College
M.Sc., University of Oxford
D.Phil., University of York
Lu, John
(949) 214-3328
john.lu@cui.edu
Professor of Psychology and Department Chair

Dr. John Lu completed his doctorate at UC Irvine in Social Psychology (emphasis in Health Psychology). He began working at Concordia Irvine in 2004. His research interests are in the mind-body relationship. Most recently he has been examining happiness and optimal performance. Dr. Lu teaches courses in Statistics, Cognition, Social Psychology, and Health Psychology. His greatest enjoyment in teaching is watching students grow academically and personally as they are challenged to foster their gifts.

Degrees Earned
University of California, Irvine, Ph.D. 2007
Mendez, Buddy
(949) 214-3330
buddy.mendez@cui.edu
Professor of Psychology

Dr. Mendez has been a full-time Professor of Psychology at Concordia for the past 25 years. While at Concordia, he has also worked as a Clinical Psychologist with a private practice in Newport Beach. He graduated from Fuller Theological Seminary with an M.A. in Theology and a Ph.D. in Psychology. Dr. Mendez has appeared on the television show “Good Morning America.” He has published the book, “Ready, Set, Married: 12 Christian Character Traits for a Strong and Lasting Marriage.” He plans to publish his second book, “Surviving Your Child’s Adolescence” next fall. Dr. Mendez is a member of the Christian Association of Psychological Studies, the American Psychological Association, and the San Francisco Psychotherapy Research Group. He is a frequent teacher and speaker on marriage, family, and parenting issues at several Christian Schools and Churches in the local community.

Degrees Earned
Fuller Seminary Graduate School of Psychology, Ph.D. 1992
Schultz, Jack M.
(949) 214-3325
jack.schultz@cui.edu
Professor of Anthropology

Jack M. Schultz, Ph.D. (University of Oklahoma), has multiple publications in the anthropology of religion; most notable is his book The Seminole Baptists of Oklahoma: Maintaining a Traditional Community (University of Oklahoma Press, 1999). As a practicing anthropologist, he continues to research the interplay of religion and culture.

Dr. Schultz has conducted ethnographic research among a variety of peoples including the Seminoles, Creek, Pawnee, Lakota, and Navajo nations. He has also investigated religion in Eastern Europe and Japan. In addition to his interest in religion and culture, Dr. Schultz also investigates material culture and native technologies.

As an anthropology instructor, Dr. Schultz is intentional in assisting his students to see the hidden forces of culture in their own lives, as well as in the lives of others they interact with. As globalization continues to shrink our world by putting us face-to-face with people of other traditions anthropology offers some important tools and perspectives which allow the participant to navigate their engagements with others more empathetically.

Dr. Schultz teaches a variety of classes on campus including Introduction of Cultural Anthropology, Religion in Society, Culture and Self, and Native Peoples of North America among others. He also teaches in the Christ College Cross-Cultural Ministry Center and both of our Synod’s Seminaries.

Degrees Earned
Doctor of Philosophy in Anthropo