https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/art/graphic-design
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Art Major
Emphases 
Minors 
Faculty
Scholarship
Get Started
ART MAJOR
Graphic Design Emphasis
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

The undergraduate Graphic Design emphasis within the Art major allows you to become proficient in digital publishing, digital image manipulation and digital illustration. As you prepare for a career in the dynamic and ever-changing field of Graphic Design, you will gain skills in software programs designers need to know, understand the foundations of good design, and build your personal portfolio, gaining real-world experience.

Building on a foundation of core courses that hone your artistic skills, Graphic Design majors are trained to use signs and symbols to convey an idea or concept through innovative thinking. Students gain a core knowledge in traditional linear print media, web design, motion graphics and time-based media.

With a degree in Art: Graphic Design, some of the jobs and skill sets you will be prepared for include:

Creative Director
Graphic Designer
Industrial/Product Designer
Multimedia Artist/Animator
Web Designer
Print Designer
Package Designer
Advertising
Branding Designer/Developer
Curriculum
GRAPHIC DESIGN EMPHASIS
24 Units
ARTG 261: Graphic Design I
3

This studio art course will give students an introduction to the study of graphic design, as they are exposed to the history of visual communication, typography, advertising, and learn how to identify the elements and principles of design by creating image and text related projects. Students will also develop skills using the digital techniques of scanning, typographic adjustments, vector drawing, exporting, and printing. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester.


ARTG 270: Digital Publishing
3

In this course students will develop page layout skills utilizing composition and typographic principles while learning to use Adobe InDesign and the creation of images in Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Photoshop, including text to produce flyers, posters, newsletters, magazines, brochures, calendars, etc. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester.


ARTG 271: Digital Image Manipulation
3

Students will become proficient using Adobe Photoshop in this course, including its applications in graphic design, advertising, web design, animation, and multimedia. Examination of the ways in which complex ideas and messages can be interpreted and represented in visual form will also be included. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall semester.


ARTG 272: Digital Illustration
3

In this course students will acquire type manipulation and digital illustration skills through exercises, demonstrations, and practical assignments using Adobe Illustrator, including the development of an individualized artistic process to produce digital illustrations that convey specific messages. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall semester.


ARTG 300: History of Graphic Design
3

This survey course will examine the history of graphic design as students gain a broader understanding of how design affects and is affected by the culture; identify individual illustrators, designers, and artists; and recognize specific styles and movements. This course is offered every spring semester. Class fee: $50. Prerequisite: ARTG 261 or consent of instructor.


ARTG 360: Typography I
3

This course will give a historical overview of type and typographic technologies that will introduce students to the formal qualities of different typefaces and teach them to use type as an expressive communication tool. This is an essential course for anyone wishing to communicate with the printed word. Class fee: $50. This class is offered every fall semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 261 or consent of the instructor.


ARTG 361: Graphic Design II
3

Students will produce intermediate design projects that emphasize aesthetics, the theory of design, and the relationship between text and image in this course including the development of digital imaging and layout skills using Adobe InDesign, Photoshop, and Illustrator. A portion of this course will be devoted to a service learning assignment creating design projects for a nonprofit organization within the community. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 261.


ARTG 461: Graphic Design III
3

This course will allow students to complete advanced graphic design projects to fill gaps in their portfolios, emphasizing their preparation to become professional graphic designers through the production of strong portfolios that can be used to gain internships or employment. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 361.


Curr