https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/art/studio-art
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Art Major
Emphases 
Minors 
Faculty
Scholarship
Get Started
ART MAJOR
Studio Art Emphasis
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

The undergraduate Studio Art Emphasis within the Art major provides students the opportunity to study how art reflects history, and create a body of work that explores a focused theme, conducting research for the works produced for a group exhibition.

Building on a foundation of core courses that hone your artistic skills, Studio Art majors are trained in a variety of mediums including drawing and painting, and a choice of sculpture, ceramics, printmaking, video art or digital photography. With plentiful studio space, students will create a senior project and have the opportunity to display their work.

Concordia is also home to the John and Linda Friend Art Gallery in Grimm Hall. Here students are exposed to exhibitions and artists that specialize in a variety of mediums and techniques.

With a degree in Art: Studio Art, some of the jobs and skill sets you will be prepared for include:

Art Conservation
Illustration
Art Therapist
Art Programming
Photographer
Textile Design
Art Sales
Curriculum
STUDIO ART
24 Units
ART 311: Art History I
3

This is a survey course of Western art from the Prehistoric Period through the Renaissance, employing illustrated lectures, independent research, museum visits, and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.


ART 312: Art History II
3

This course is a survey of Western art from the Renaissance up to the 20th century employing illustrated lectures, independent research, museum visits and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.

ART 401: Figure Drawing
3

In this course students will obtain the basic skill of drawing the human figure including anatomy, observation of the human form, fundamental exercises in gesture, contour, outline, and tonal modeling. In-class observation of artist's models will be complemented with studies of plaster casts and master drawings. By concentrating on proportion, light, shape, and movement, students will acquire skills in representing the human form using a variety of materials. Class fee: $50. This class is offered every fall semester. Prerequisite: ART 201 or consent of instructor.

ART 421: Painting II
3

In this course students will be encouraged to establish a painting style and technique emphasizing discipline, craftsmanship, and imagination as they expand their knowledge and skill of acrylic and oil paint through lectures, demonstrations, slide presentations, studio painting, out-of-class painting, sketching, and critiques. Class fee: $50. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester. Prerequisite: ART 321.

Choose 4 of the following courses:
ART 431: Sculpture II
3

Principles, use of equipment, and safety factors will be addressed in this studio course with an emphasis on individual development of form and craftsmanship, and using creative assignments involving metal, wood, and other materials. Class fee: $50. This class is offered alternate years in the fall semester. Prerequisite: ART 331 or consent of instructor.

ART 441: Ceramics II
3

Building on the foundation of Ceramics I, this course will challenge students to pursue a more individual exploration of ceramic forms and texture with an emphasis on the technical understanding of surface treatments and ceramic processes as tools toward formal and conceptual success. Along with hand-building and wheel throwing techniques, glazing, and kiln firing, the aesthetics of form will be investigated with a focus on design and visual thinking. Class fee: $50. This class is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite: ART 341 or consent of instructor.

ART 451: Printmaking II
3

In this course students will expand their knowledge of certain printing techniques such as the monoprint, collagraph, relief, and silkscreen methods as they conduct research that combine art history and practical experience to produce prints that are rich in content. Class fee: $50. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester. Prerequisite: ART 351 or consent of instructor.

ARTG 471: Video Art
3

In this studio course, students will create relationships between image and sound by using the time-based medium of video with an emphasis on students developing strong concepts for their projects and learning to create a storyboard, film, and edit video art pieces together using Adobe Premiere and Adobe After Effects. Class fee: $50. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 271 or consent of instructor.

ARTG 481: Digital Photography
3

This course will provide students with an introduction to visual concepts, basic image capture, and camera functions with digital cameras, including software basics for photographic imaging and digital printing. Class fee: $50. This course is offered alternate years in fall semester.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get in Touch

For more information about the Art major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Rachel Soo
Visual Arts Department Chair
rachel.soo@cui.edu
(949) 214-3289

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

