r consent of instructor.

ART 451: Printmaking II
3

In this course students will expand their knowledge of certain printing techniques such as the monoprint, collagraph, relief, and silkscreen methods as they conduct research that combine art history and practical experience to produce prints that are rich in content. Class fee: $50. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester. Prerequisite: ART 351 or consent of instructor.

ARTG 471: Video Art
3

In this studio course, students will create relationships between image and sound by using the time-based medium of video with an emphasis on students developing strong concepts for their projects and learning to create a storyboard, film, and edit video art pieces together using Adobe Premiere and Adobe After Effects. Class fee: $50. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 271 or consent of instructor.

ARTG 481: Digital Photography
3

This course will provide students with an introduction to visual concepts, basic image capture, and camera functions with digital cameras, including software basics for photographic imaging and digital printing. Class fee: $50. This course is offered alternate years in fall semester.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get in Touch

For more information about the Art major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Rachel Soo
Visual Arts Department Chair
rachel.soo@cui.edu
(949) 214-3289

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

