https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/art/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Art Major
Emphases 
Minors 
Faculty
Scholarship
Get Started
ART MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Meet the Team
Fletcher, Sara
949-214-3290
sara.fletcher@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Visual Arts
Biography

Sara Fletcher is an artist who works toward finding connections between art and faith, and art and other disciplines, and she is pleased to join the Concordia community. She has been teaching art and art history in the Midwest, and is an exhibiting artist who had a 2019 one person show at Prince Street Gallery in New York, NY. She also illustrated the children’s book Blue Lake Days by Sarah Shey.

Her paintings, drawings, and prints depict people and things in the process of growth, exploring how observations of nature and imagination affect each other. She aims in both her art and teaching to offer a compelling experience of God's beauty to one's neighbors.

Education
MFA, Painting, The University of Iowa, 2006
Post-Baccalaureate Certificate in Painting, Brandeis University, 2003
Soo, Rachel
949-214-3289
rachel.soo@cui.edu
Visual Arts Department Chair
Biography

Professor of graphic design, Soo teaches digital image manipulation, digital illustration, typography, and graphic design classes. Utilizing both traditional and digital media, Soo creates artwork which investigates issues of identity and culture. A variety of media are used for self-discovery by examining memories, perceptions and personal relationships.

Education
B.F.A. in Commercial Art at Concordia University, Seward, Nebraska, 2001
M.F.A. in Integrated Visual Art, at Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, 2004
Teaching
Digital Publishing
Digital Image Manipulation
Digital Illustration
Graphic Design 1
Graphic Design 2
Graphic Design 3
Typography 1
Typography 2
Adjunct Faculty
Doss, Kate
 
kathleen.doss@cui.edu
 
Dunham, Kari
 
kari.dunham@cui.edu
Adjunct Art Professor

Biography

I am passionate about painting and teaching. My work is a representation of ordinary objects and interior spaces--a nexus of daily ritual and painting as spiritual practice. I work in oil and other drawing media and artworks range in size from large canvases to small panels. In the classroom, I find inspiration from my students and delight in coming alongside them as they become makers and creative problem-solvers.

Education
MFA, Laguna College of Art + Design
BFA, Evangel University
Publications
2015 Kari Dunham, SEEN Journal, Christians in the Visual Arts, 2015, XV:2, 27
2014 Kari Dunham, [Group exhibition catalogue], California Dreaming: An International Portrait of Southern California. Oceanside Museum of Art. Oceanside, CA
2014 Bonnie Gangelhoff, "Kari Dunham: Telling her story," Southwest Art, September 2014, Volume 44, No.4. 20.
Teaching
Drawing 1 (ART 201)
Painting (ART 321)
Fee, Brian
 
brian.fee@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Art and Art History
Biography

I have been making art, mostly painting, for about 35 years. I have been teaching Art and Art History for about 25 years. I have been a museum guide, a muralist, a lecturer, a curator, a designer--really just about anything having to do with art.

Education
MFA, Queens College, City University of New York
BFA, Massachusetts College of Art
Teaching
Experiences in Art (ART-111)
Drawing 1 (ART-201)
History of Contemporary Art (ART-315)
Goble, Laura
 
lauragoble@cui.edu
Professor of Art

Biography

Practice consists of sculpture, performance, video and ceramics. Lives and works in San Pedro.

Education
MFA from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, 2014
BS from Biola University, 2002
Teaching
Ceramics 1 and 2 and 3-D design
Hamby, Nicole Dawn
 
dawn.hamby@cui.edu
Adjunct Art Professor
Biography

Dawn Nicole Hamby is an interdisciplinary artist who works in a wide range of media. She has taught young artists of all ages and abilities and loves helping students to discover their God-given creativity and to better understand their relationship with God as creations of the Master Artist. She currently leads the Visual & Media Arts Department and Arts Academy at Orange Lutheran High School and teaches art education courses at local universities.

Education
M.A.T.: 2010, Biola University
B.F.A.: 2006, Biola University, Studio Arts: Interdisciplinary
Hendrickson, Julia
 
julia.hendrickson@cui.edu
Holden, Jeremy
 
jeremy.holden@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Holding a Bachelors of Arts in Graphic Design From California State University San Bernardino, Jeremy Holden is a Creative Specialist, specializing in the fields of Graphic Design, Illustration, Animation & Photography. Currently teach in the Digital Media Arts Department at Irvine Valley College and in Visual Arts Department with Concordia University Irvine.

Jeremy hopes that by sharing his creative knowledge, he can guide future designers/artists to follow their dreams & train them to become responsible designers/artists, because with great design comes the great responsibility to communicate effectively with the world.

Education
Bachelor of Arts-Graphic Design: California State University San Bernardino
Teaching
ART 472 -Web Design 1
ART 481-Digital Photography
Kyte, Allie
 
alexandra.kyte@cui.edu
Rebia, Sergio 
 
sergio.rebia@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Education
BFA, Laguna College of Art and Design
MFA, Laguna College of Art and Design
Teaching
Beginning, Intermediate & Advanced Drawing
Beginning, Intermediate & Advanced Figure Drawing
Beginning, Intermediate & Advanced Painting
Fundamentals of Studio Art
2D
Color Theory
Varamini, Hannah
 
hannah.varamini@cui.edu
Adjunct Art Professor

Biography

Hannah Kim Varamini is an interdisciplinary artist based in Los Angeles. She was born in Washington, D.C. to first-generation Korean immigrants. She received her BFA from Cornell University and MFA from the art program at CalArts. Her work employs language and symbology to examine ideologies of nationalism, and personal histories of diaspora and cultural hybridity. She spent time in Namibia on a Fulbright fellowship in 2008, which propelled an ongoing interest in postcolonial discourse. She has presented work in various contexts including the Santa Cruz Museum of Art, the Phillips Collection, and the National Art Gallery of Namibia.

Education
BFA, Cornell University
MFA, California Institute of the Arts
Talk to a Professor

Connect with a Concordia professor in real-time. Get answers to your questions and learn more about our curriculum.

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

