https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/chemistry
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Chemistry Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Chemistry Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum

So that students are compliant with the policy pertaining to unique units between a major and minor, there are 3 options for the Chemistry minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

OPTION 1:  FOR STUDENTS NOT SEEKING A BS IN BIOLOGY OR A BA IN BIOLOGY
24 Units
CHE 222: Chemistry II
4

The major topics of this course will include solubility products, chemical thermodynamics, chemical kinetics, and qualitative analysis. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 221.


CHE 321: Organic Chemistry I
4

This course will examine the fundamental concepts relating to organic compounds with an emphasis on structure, nomenclature, theory, bonding, stereochemistry, reaction mechanisms, and physical and chemical properties of the principle classes of compounds. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 222.


CHE 421: Biochemistry I
4

This course will provide an introduction to the principles of chemistry that govern life systems including topics in pH and buffers, enzymes, amino acids, proteins, lipids, carbohydrates, nucleic acids, and metabolic pathways with exercises emphasizing protein purification and characterization techniques, plus kinetic modeling. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 221 and CHE 222 and CHE 321 and CHE 322 (concurrent enrollment allowed for CHE 322) or consent of instructor.


CHE 424: Analytical Chemistry
4

Theory and fundamental techniques of qualitative and quantitative chemical analysis via classical and advanced instrumental methods will be the focus of this course. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 or consent of instructor.


Choose 8 units from the following courses
CHE 322: Organic Chemistry II
4

This course will focus on aromaticity, advanced synthesis and reaction mechanisms, kinetics, organometallic chemistry, and bio-organic chemistry. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 321.


CHE 354: Inorganic Chemistry
4

Through a systematic exposition of major trends in structure, bonding, reactivity, and spectroscopy across the periodic table, this course will include main group chemistry, transition metal and coordination chemistry, lanthanide/actinide chemistry, organometallic chemistry, bioinorganic chemistry, solid state chemistry, electron transfer processes, and generalized concepts of acidity. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 or consent of instructor.


CHE 402: Chemistry Seminar
2

This course will take an in-depth look at current topics in chemistry and related fields. Topics will focus on fields such as inorganic chemistry, physical chemistry, organic chemistry, and biochemistry. Emphasis will be placed on searching for, reading and evaluating the primary literature. Topics will vary each semester. Prerequisites: sixteen (16) units of chemistry; restricted to juniors and seniors.


CHE 418: Molecular Spectroscopy
4

An advanced exposition of theoretical concepts with experimental aspects of atomic and molecular spectroscopy on electronic absorption, electronic luminescence, Raman, and infrared spectroscopes within a group theoretical and symmetry-based conceptual framework. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 431 and CHE 432 (concurrent enrollment allowed for CHE 432) or consent of instructor.


CHE 431: Physical Chemistry I
4

This course will cover classical thermodynamics: 0th, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd laws, gas laws, and kinetic molecular theory of gases, colligative properties, solubility's, equilibria, phases and phase transitions, and electrochemistry. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (CHE 222 and MTH 272) and (PHY 211 or PHY 221) and MTH 373 (concurrent enrollment allowed for MTH 373) or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


CHE 432: Physical Chemistry II
4

This course will examine q