16) units of chemistry; restricted to juniors and seniors.


CHE 418: Molecular Spectroscopy
4

An advanced exposition of theoretical concepts with experimental aspects of atomic and molecular spectroscopy on electronic absorption, electronic luminescence, Raman, and infrared spectroscopes within a group theoretical and symmetry-based conceptual framework. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 431 and CHE 432 (concurrent enrollment allowed for CHE 432) or consent of instructor.


CHE 424: Analytical Chemistry
4

Theory and fundamental techniques of qualitative and quantitative chemical analysis via classical and advanced instrumental methods will be the focus of this course. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 or consent of instructor.


CHE 431: Physical Chemistry I
4

This course will cover classical thermodynamics: 0th, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd laws, gas laws, and kinetic molecular theory of gases, colligative properties, solubility's, equilibria, phases and phase transitions, and electrochemistry. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (CHE 222 and MTH 272) and (PHY 211 or PHY 221) and MTH 373 (concurrent enrollment allowed for MTH 373) or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


CHE 432: Physical Chemistry II
4

This course will examine quantum mechanics; atomic and molecular orbital theory; symmetry, atomic, and molecular spectroscopy; statistical thermodynamics; and philosophical/scientific implications of quantum mechanics. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 431 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


CHE 496: Research in Chemistry
2

As a hands-on introduction to chemical research, this course will emphasize research process, skills, and methods including lab research, library research, peer reviewed chemical abstracts and journals, electronic chemical databases, professional journal manuscript style guides, and statistical analysis which will be used in writing research manuscripts and making research presentations. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Course may be taken for a range of units (0.5-2 units per semester). Prerequisite: C- or better in SCI 495.


CHE 499: Senior Thesis
1

This course will be a culmination of original student-conducted scientific research resulting in a paper and presentation. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 496 and SCI 495; restricted to seniors.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

