mical and physical phenomena and practical applications together with a brief introduction to the historical, philosophical, epistemological and theological underpinnings of chemistry and physics in current Christian apologetic context. Prerequisite: CMTH 101 or MTH 201 or higher (concurrent enrollment allowed). A lab fee is required.


SCI 301: Earth Science
3

This is an introductory course to the position, motion, and properties of the solar system and cosmos including a survey of spatial concepts of the earth's crust, materials, structure, and the effects on the land forms, soil, vegetation, and natural resources. An overview of the atmosphere, its composition, and the processes that makes the earth's surface so dynamic will be included. Prerequisites: (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115).


Concentrations (12-23 Units)

Liberal Studies majors select an area of concentration from one of the content areas: Art, Child Development, Christ College, English, General Science, Global Cultural Studies, History, Life Science, Mathematics, Music, Physical Education, Study Abroad, or Theatre. Only one course in the concentration may be used to meet other Liberal Studies requirements.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

