https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Liberal-Studies/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Studies
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Faculty
Get Started
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR
Curriculum
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR
ENDURING QUESTIONS & IDEAS CORE (GE)
22 Units
CBIO 101: Integrated Biology
4

This interdisciplinary, topic-driven course will review relevant issues in biology (and other disciplines) as they relate to current times including biotechnology, protein synthesis, biodiversity, conservation, evolution, reproductive technology, etc. which are discussed using current scientific data and its relationship to current issues. This is a liberal arts science course and draws upon disciplines such as history, theology and philosophy. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Co-requisite: CTHL 101; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CBIO 101 as an unlinked course.

CENG 201: World Literature to the Renaissance
3

This course will focus on critical thinking and research-based writing through comparative and interdisciplinary analysis. Alongside lectures and class discussion, the study of representative great works of Western and non-Western literature from Antiquity, the Middle Ages, and the Renaissance will emphasize the literary, cultural, and religious significance of these texts. Co-requisite: CHST 201; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CENG 201 as an unlinked course.


CENG 202: World Literature from the Enlightenment
3

This course will focus on critical thinking and research-based writing through comparative and interdisciplinary analysis. Alongside lectures and class discussions, the study of representative great works of Western and non-Western literature from the 17th century to the present will emphasize the literary, cultural, and religious significance of these texts. Co-requisite: CHST 202; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CENG 202 as an unlinked course.


CHST 201: The West and the World
3

This course will study the emergence and expansion of the major political, cultural, social, and economic developments in the East and the West from the dawn of Western civilization to the early modern era through the reading of significant texts and research-based writing, alongside lectures and class discussion. Co-requisite: CENG 201; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CHST 201 as an unlinked course.


CHST 202: America and the World
3

This course will look at the political, cultural, social, and economic developments in America and the world from the rise of the modern nation/state to the modern age through the reading of significant texts and research-based writing, alongside lectures and class discussion. Co-requisite: CENG 202; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CHST 202 as an unlinked course. 202110.


CMTH 101: The Nature of Mathematics
3

This course will guide students to gain knowledge about the nature of mathematics and develop their analytical reasoning skills to solve problems through topics such as number theory, probability and statistics, infinity, Non-Euclidean geometry, and general problem solving strategies; additional topics selected in dialog with the philosophy course. The overriding goals of this course are to develop a better perspective of mathematics and discover the power of mathematical thinking. Writing and projects, as well as traditional methods of assessment, will be used. Prerequisite: Intermediate Algebra or equivalent; Co-requisite: CPHI 101; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CMTH 101 as an unlinked course.


CPHI 101: Introduction to Philosophy
3

This course will explore the study and practice of rational inquiry into fundamental questions about human wisdom, action, and creativity through the study of the traditions of Western philosophy through classic texts. Co-requisite: CMTH 101; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CPHI 101 as an unlinked course.


FINE ARTS
9 Units
ART 111: Experiences in Art
3

This course will introduce students to the different components resulting in a finished work of art. Emphasis will be placed on experimentation with media and techniques used by professional artists during their progression from idea to finished product. Students will be given presentations in digital media that will serve as guidance for the class projects. A lab fee is required. This class is offered each semester.


MUS 461: Music for Children
3

This course will enable students to identify, understand, and work with the music capabilities of children. The three (3)-unit course is required for music education and liberal studies majors and others interested in developing school music curricula and/or 