https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Liberal-Studies/christ-college
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Studies
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Faculty
Get Started
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR
Christ College Concentration
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

Please note that this concentration is for LCMS Lutheran Teaching Candidates only and fulfills the Lutheran Teaching Certificate requirements.

LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR: CHRIST COLLEGE CONCENTRATION
21-23 Units
CCI 103: Introduction to Ministry
1

This course will explore Christian vocations including the possibility of full-time professional church work in The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS) as pastor, deaconess, teacher, director of Christian education, or director of parish music and examine these positions in the context of the church-at-large and local congregations. The professional and personal growth and formation of the future church worker will be described and fostered.

CCI 113: Seminar in Teaching Ministry
2

This seminar course is for students pursuing the vocation of teacher in The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS). Participants will explore areas of interest and concern that pertain specifically to teachers. The role of Lutheran teachers will be examined in the context of the church-at-large and the local congregation. The professional and personal growth and formation of the future Lutheran teacher will be described and fostered. Students in the Lutheran teaching program must take one (1) seminar course per year, normally in the semester they are not taking CCI 103 or CCI 305. Repeatable. Prerequisite: Program acceptance or consent of instructor.

CCI 305: Called to Teach the Faith
3

All Christian ministers teach the faith in their various callings. This course will equip future ministers to properly apply Law and Gospel in a variety of educational contexts, to theologically evaluate curricula, and to participate in effective faith formation. Students are personally and professionally prepared for full-time ministry through topics such as the local and national church, the call process, Christian professionalism and ethics, and through spiritual and personal health. This class will also address income tax, social security, and financial planning for called ministers. Prerequisites: Acceptance into an LCMS church vocations program; completion of THL 371 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or consent of the instructor.


CCI 392: Practicum: Lutheran Teaching
3

This course provides Lutheran Teaching students the opportunity to experience and participate in the day to day events of a Lutheran classroom and school setting with the support of an experienced mentor. Students will be equipped with valuable hands-on experiences, acquire networking potential with school professionals, practice their teaching skills, and attend a worship service of the associated church. Students will glean support and feedback from the instructor and mentor during the practicum. May be repeated for credit.


THL 201: History and Literature of the Old Testament
3

This course will investigate the literature of the Old Testament in light of its cultural and canonical contexts with an emphasis on its major theological questions and themes and their relevance for Christian faith and life.


THL 202: History and Literature of the New Testament
3

Through a historical and literary survey of the New Testament, this course will emphasize theological themes and their relevance for Christian faith and life.


THL 304: History of the Christian Church
3

This course will survey the origin and development of the Christian church through the examination of its political and cultural contexts and influences with special consideration given to theological themes which surfaced at different times and places throughout the history of the Christian church, culminating with 21st century trends in fundamentalism, evangelicalism, and ecumenism.


THL 371: Christian Doctrine and Confessions I
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover theological method, revelation and Scripture, Law and Gospel, the Triune God and His attributes, humanity and sin, and the person and work of Jesus Christ as the God-man, with an emphasis on key biblical material and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions.


THL 372: Christian Doctrine and Confessions II
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover the work of Christ, the person and the work of the Holy Spirit, the church and eschatology with an emphasis on key biblical materials and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions. Prerequisite: THL 371.


See requirements for Liberal Studies major coursework.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

