https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Liberal-Studies/english
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Studies
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Faculty
Get Started
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR
English Concentration
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR: ENGLISH CONCENTRATION
12 Units
BSC 318: Linguistics
3

This course will study language as a fundamental component of human beings by examining the link between experience, culture, and language through the investigation of how language communicates, changes, and is used strategically to accomplish social ends.

Choose one of the following courses:
CENG 201: World Literature to the Renaissance
3

This course will focus on critical thinking and research-based writing through comparative and interdisciplinary analysis. Alongside lectures and class discussion, the study of representative great works of Western and non-Western literature from Antiquity, the Middle Ages, and the Renaissance will emphasize the literary, cultural, and religious significance of these texts. Co-requisite: CHST 201; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CENG 201 as an unlinked course.


ENG 380: Women's Literature
3

An intensive study of literature written by women, this course will emphasize representations of gender in different cultural and aesthetic contexts and explore the unique contributions and genres particular to women's writing. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202. Offered alternate years.


ENG 382: Postcolonial Literature
3

This course will provide an in-depth study of postcolonial theory and literature from South Asia, Africa, and the Caribbean with readings and discussions focusing on postcolonial theory, common themes, literary technique, the role of religion, and the question of personal and national identity. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202. Offered alternate years.


ENG 378: Christianity and Literature
3

Engaging the long, rich historical intersection between Christianity and literature, this course surveys Christian writers and texts representing roughly 2,000 years of Christian history. From around the world, Christian writers have produced works in diverse literary genres (e.g., poems, memoirs, novels, short stories, plays) to interrogate the deepest theological and philosophical questions, which is why this course grapples with literary texts that illuminate Christian thought, practice, and experience as they have manifested in various historical times and cultural places.

Choose one of the following courses:
ENG 341: American Literature I
3

This course will survey American literature from its beginning to 1850 including journals, diaries, sermons, and pamphlets with an emphasis on the writings of Irving, Hawthorne, Poe, and Melville. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.


ENG 342: American Literature II
3

This course will survey American literature from 1850 to 1945 emphasizing the literary movements of Realism, Naturalism, and the roots of modern American literature. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.


ENG 361: English Literature I
3

This course will survey representative English prose, poetry, and drama from the Anglo-Saxon period to 1800 and look at the readings from such writers as the Beowulf, Chaucer, Shakespeare, Donne, Swift, Pope, and Johnson. Students will also become acquainted with the literary heritage of the English-speaking world. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.


ENG 362: English Literature II
3

This course will survey British literature from the late 18th through the 19th century considering the Romantic and Victorian approaches to life through the study and critical discussion of such writers as Blake, Wordsworth, Coleridge, Mary Shelley, Keats, Tennyson, Elizabeth Barrett Browning. and Robert Browning. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.


Choose one of the following courses:
WRT 223: Introduction to Genre and Craft in Creative Writing
3

As a multi-genre introduction to the craft of creative writing, this course will examine literary conventions as well as the writing techniques and tools essential to effective writing and editing. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent.


WRT 324: Writing for Children and Teenagers
3

As an introductory course to the art and craft of writing for young audiences, students will read, analyze and write both fiction and nonfiction pieces. The course includes market analysis techniques and the submission of work for publication. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent.


WRT 329: Creative Nonfiction
3

An examination and discussion of the art and craft of contemporary nonfiction, practice in a variety of genres. Course includes market analysis techniques and the submission of work for publication. Prerequisites: (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and WRT 223. Offered alternate years.

WRT 333: Topics in Creative Writing
3

As a focused exploration of genre and subject matter in a workshop setting. Possible topics include nature writing, travel writing, and experimental writing. Course may be repeated for elective credit. Prerequisite: (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and (CENG 201 or CENG 301 or equivalent).


See requirements for Liberal Studies major coursework.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

