https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Liberal-Studies/general-science
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Studies
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Faculty
Get Started
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR
General Science Concentration
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR: GENERAL SCIENCE CONCENTRATION
14-15 Units
SCI 211: Geology
3

This course will present a study of the origin and composition of rocks and minerals; landscape development by water, ice, and wind; earthquakes; the earth's interior; the nature of mountains and their development; the drift of continental and oceanic plates; and environmental aspects of geology. One to two (1-2) weekend field trips may be required. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Offered alternate years.


SCI 318: Ocean Science
4

This course will provide an interdisciplinary introduction to biological, physical, and chemical ocean processes, as well as the human activities that influence the presence, distribution, form, and function of marine life across a variety of marine habitats. Traditional lectures, peer-led and problem-based learning, and lab time will be included. Field trips during lab time should be expected, as well as up to two (2) weekend field trips. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered alternate years (even years, spring semester).


Choose 2 of the following courses:
BIO 111: General Biology I
4

This general biology course will examine major principles in biology at the molecular, cellular, and organism levels. Topics include cellular structure, metabolism processes, genetics, DNA function and genome expression, the origin of life and evolutionary principles, biotechnology, and molecular biology. The course emphasizes laboratory techniques, scientific writing, and the application of biological principles toward interpretation of case studies. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Typically offered each semester.

CHE 221: Chemistry I
4

A systematic exploration of fundamental chemical principles including matter, energy, electromagnetic radiation, atomic structure, periodicity, stoichiometry, chemical bonding, and structure will be examined in this course, including the introduction to the scientific method and epistemology in the context of the interface between the Christian faith and the chemical sciences. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 101, or a passing score on the Chemistry Placement Exam, or consent of department chair.


CHE 222: Chemistry II
4

The major topics of this course will include solubility products, chemical thermodynamics, chemical kinetics, and qualitative analysis. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 221.


PHY 211: Physics I
4

This introductory course will emphasize classical mechanics, wave motion, and thermodynamics. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: Consent of division chair.


PHY 212: Physics II
4

As a continuation of PHY 211, this course will emphasize electricity, magnetism, light, optics, and modern physics. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in PHY 211.


PHY 231: Astronomy I
4

This course will provide a comprehensive introduction to planetary astronomy with a brief exposure to stellar astronomy including the solar system, sun, planets, moons, asteroids, comets, meteors, meteorites, stars, galaxies, origins of the universe, telescopes, spectra, and space exploration.


SCI 455: History and Philosophy of Science
3

This course will introduce the philosophic nature of science with a literary review of philosophic issues associated with the epistemological and historical development of science starting with ancient Greece through today. Cross listed with HST 455. Prerequisite: CBIO 101 or consent of instructor. Typically offered every spring semester.


See requirements for Liberal Studies major coursework.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and m