https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Liberal-Studies/global-cultural-studies
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Studies
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Faculty
Get Started
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR
Global Cultural Studies Concentration
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

Students who complete the Global Cultural Studies Concentration are not eligible to earn the Global Cultural Studies Minor.

GLOBAL CULTURAL STUDIES CONCENTRATION (AROUND THE WORLD SEMESTER)
13 Units
ENG 386: Postmodern Novel
3

This survey course will look at the transition from Modern to Postmodern literature in South Korea, Armenia, and Greece as well as postcolonial theory from Ethiopia, Ghana, and Bolivia, including readings, lectures, discussions, and assessments on postcolonial theory, postmodernism, literary technique, the role of religion, and the question of personal and national identity.


ENG 392: Epic Literature
3

This course will study the literary and sacred masterpieces from the countries visited during the Around-the-World semester and examine these texts in light of their historical context, literary technique, the role of religion, and the question of personal and national identity.


GCS 301: Foundations of Language
4

This course will provide specific applications for learning a new foreign language and understanding English structure and usage, including sound system, word formation, grammar, syntax, expression of meaning, variation, etymology, and/or change. Cultural and artistic uses of languages; and comparison of oral and written aspects of language will also be covered.

WRT 330: Travel Writing
3

This intense, creative, nonfiction writing course will combine with ethnographic research, blogging, and backpack journalism as students write about thirty-five (35) pages of essays, profiles, literary journalism, and reviews that will be published weekly on a blog together with photos and video content. Assignments will require students to observe and engage with people in various countries where they are volunteering and studying.


See requirements for Liberal Studies major coursework.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

