https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/childrens-ministry
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Children's Ministry Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Children's Ministry Minor
CHRIST COLLEGE
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
CHILDREN'S MINISTRY MINOR
18 Units
THL 465: Christians and Ethics
3

Through an exploration of morality and ethics in light of what Scripture teaches, this course will orient students to the main approaches, both traditional and contemporary, of non-biblical philosophical ethics as they learn how the Christian faith interacts with these approaches. The significance of the Lutheran confessional distinction between God's left and right hand rule will also be explored. Student research and presentations on contemporary ethical issues are usually included. Prerequisite: (CTHL 101 or CTHL 200) and junior standing, or consent of instructor.


Choose two of the following courses
CED 350: Learning Across the Life Span
3

This course will present the major concepts, theories and applications related to both the typical and atypical spiritual, moral, cognitive, social, and emotional development across the lifespan in the context of local church ministry. Knowledge gained in this course lays a foundation for leadership of children's, family, youth, adult, and special needs ministry.


CED 370: Children’s and Family Ministry
3

This course will examine and evaluate methods and materials appropriate for faith development and reflective of the physical, mental, social, emotional, and spiritual needs of children aged birth through grade six. Evaluation of curriculum, facilities, policies, and procedures towards a comprehensive ministry to and with children and their families will be addressed, emphasizing the involvement of children along with their families into the total life of the church. A fieldwork component is required.


CED 470: Family Systems
3

This course will examine the dynamics of family interaction from a systems perspective. An understanding of family systems theory will be applied to the historical, sociological, theological, and biblical contexts of family life and the church. Topics will include family formation, the process of family life, family history, non-nuclear families, and crisis assessment.


Choose three of the following courses:
PSY 202: Human Sexuality
3

This survey course will look at the topic of human sexuality with a foundation in Christian ethics guiding sexual conduct and the development of sexual behavior including gender identity, sexual orientation, sexual anatomy, contraception, reproduction and birthing, sexually transmitted diseases, sexual dysfunctions, and the paraphilias.


PSY 313: Developmental Psychology: Childhood
3

The development of physiological and psychological aspects of human growth will be traced from birth through childhood in this course through an examination of the theories and research evidence as well as methodological problems as they relate to the growth process. Prerequisite: Sophomore standing or above.


PSY 331: Marriage and the Family
3

Using a Christian approach to marriage, this course will study the family and its intimate environment including a discussion of courtship and role relationships within the family as a social institution. An emphasis will be placed on the changing nature of the family, family problems, and family strengths.


SOC 332: Child, Family and Community
3

With an overview of the socialization process involving the young child in the larger cultural setting, this course will focus on social institutions as social agents including the family, school, peer groups, mass media, and community structures. Prerequisite: Sophomore standing or above.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

 

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

