https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Liberal-Studies/history-american-political-studies
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Studies
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Faculty
Get Started
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR
History Concentration
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR: HISTORY CONCENTRATION
12 Units
HST 301: Eastern Civilization
3

This survey course of the major themes of the political and cultural history of the Eastern world from its origins until modern times will focus on the Chinese and Japanese cultural traditions with some attention to other Asian motifs and an emphasis on an understanding and appreciation of the Eastern worldview and ethos.


HST 478: History of California
3

The history of California from earliest times to the present with an emphasis on its Hispanic heritage will be the focus of this course.


Choose two of the following courses:
HST 314: Native Peoples of North America
3

An anthropological overview of native North American societies from pre-Columbian times to the present will be the focus of this course, utilizing a culture area approach and including an emphasis on the native people of California. Cross listed with ANT 314.


HST 332: Ancient Greece and Rome
3

The history of ancient Greece and Rome from the time of Homer to the fall of the Roman Empire will be examined in this course with particular emphasis on Greek and Roman politics, socio-economic life and structures, classical culture and philosophy, and the rise of Christianity. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202.


HST 334: Medieval History
3

The emergence of Europe from the early Middle Ages to the Italian Renaissance will be examined in this course including the feudal society, the Christian church, cities and commerce, art and learning, and the rise of kings and nation states. Particular attention will be given to Europe's Greek and Roman legacy as transmitted by the Byzantine and Islamic civilizations. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202. Offered alternate years.


HST 336: The Renaissance and the Reformation
3

Europe from the 14th to the 17th century, the transitional period between medieval and modern history, will be examined in this course including the Italian Renaissance, the Northern Renaissance, the Lutheran Reformation, the Calvinist and Anglican Reformations, and the Roman Catholic Counter Reformation. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202. Offered alternate years.


HST 338: Modern European History
3

This course integrates various political, social, economic, and cultural phases of Europe's history from the 18th century to the present, including the French Revolution, industrialization, imperialism, the unification of Italy and Germany, communism, fascism; the two world wars, and the Cold War. It will also trace the major scientific, literary, and artistic developments through this era.


HST 361: History of Propaganda and Persuasion
3

This course will provide an academic approach to the decidedly non-academic and pervasive modes of communication that have shaped the modern world with attention being paid to wartime propaganda in the two world wars, political campaigns in America, and product advertising in market economics. Offered alternate years.


HST 410: Mythology
3

The reception of classical antiquity depends on both the stories the ancients told themselves, as well as their interpretation and reinscription in subsequent times and places. This course traces the debt moderns owe to the earliest recorded stories that shaped civilizations, both to appreciate the stories in their own historical context as well as consider the responses (both those that identify with antiquity and those that assume its alienation) of succeeding eras, culminating in critical consideration of contemporary cultural evocation of the classical tradition. Prerequisite: CHST 201 or CHST 202 or HST 201.


HST 412: The U.S. Constitution
3

This course will look at the origins of the American political system from the end of the Seven Years' War through the Louisiana Purchase and Marbury vs. Madison, with a focusing on government under the Articles of Confederation, the Constitutional Convention, ratification controversies, the first political party system, and Jeffersonian vs. Hamiltonian approaches to government. Offered alternate years. Cross listed with POL 412.


HST 416: Contemporary Global Issues
3

This seminar course will be devoted to an in-depth examination of a major issue affecting the global community; exact topic to be determine by the instructor each semester. May repeat 4 times for credit and 12 units may be used to fulfill major/minor requirements.


HST 421: Latin America
3

Advanced themes in Latin American history, from the colon