https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Liberal-Studies/life-science
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Studies
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Faculty
Get Started
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR
Life Science Concentration
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR: LIFE SCIENCE CONCENTRATION
12 Units
BIO 111: General Biology I
4

This general biology course will examine major principles in biology at the molecular, cellular, and organism levels. Topics include cellular structure, metabolism processes, genetics, DNA function and genome expression, the origin of life and evolutionary principles, biotechnology, and molecular biology. The course emphasizes laboratory techniques, scientific writing, and the application of biological principles toward interpretation of case studies. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Typically offered each semester.

BIO 112: General Biology II
4

As a continuation of BIO 111, this general biology course examines major principles in biology at the organism, population, and ecosystem levels. Topics include the structure, function, and behavior of animals and plants, evolutionary mechanisms, population dynamics, and ecological interactions. The course emphasizes laboratory techniques, scientific writing, and the application of biological principles toward interpretation of case studies. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (spring semester).

Choose one of the following courses:
BIO 308: Molecular Genetics
4

This course will introduce the basic principles of molecular genetics focused on prokaryotic and eukaryotic gene regulation, recombinant DNA technology, bioinformatics, and an introduction to Mendelian genetics. The course emphasizes classical laboratory experimentation and molecular techniques. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111, BIO 112, BIO 350, CHE 221, CHE 222 or consent of the instructor. Typically offered annually (spring semester).

BIO 317: Ecology
4

Fundamental ecological concepts will be introduced through literature and illustrated in field investigations focusing on the relation of organisms to their environment. Field trips and lab time are included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: Grade C- or better in (BIO 111, BIO 112) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221or SCI 115) or consent of the instructor. Typically offered alternate years (even years, spring semester).

BIO 341: Plant Biology
4

As an introduction to the basic concepts of plant life, this course will study the structure, functional form, reproduction, genetics, and ecology of fungi, algae, and nonvascular and vascular plants. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in BIO 111 and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered alternate years (odd years, spring semester).

SCI 318: Ocean Science
4

This course will provide an interdisciplinary introduction to biological, physical, and chemical ocean processes, as well as the human activities that influence the presence, distribution, form, and function of marine life across a variety of marine habitats. Traditional lectures, peer-led and problem-based learning, and lab time will be included. Field trips during lab time should be expected, as well as up to two (2) weekend field trips. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered alternate years (even years, spring semester).


Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

