https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/Liberal-Studies/mathematics
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Studies
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Faculty
Get Started
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR
Mathematics Concentration
SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
LIBERAL STUDIES MAJOR: MATHEMATICS CONCENTRATION
12 Units
MTH 265: Introduction to Statistics
3

As a basic statistics course applicable to education, business, and the hard sciences, this course will include topics such as descriptive statistics, the normal, binomial, F-, and Chi-squared distributions, and hypothesis testing. Optional topics might include additional non-parametric tests and ANOVA. A TI-83 graphing calculator or Microsoft Excel is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in AMTH 101 or CMTH 101 or MTH 201 or MTH 252 or MTH 271 or equivalent.


Choose at least nine units from the following courses:
MTH 271: Calculus I
4

This course will study differential and integral calculus in one variable through graphical, numerical and symbolic methods. Limits, continuity, derivatives, and integrals will be studied with algebraic, trigonometric, exponential and logarithmic functions, including applications using calculus to solve problems. Prerequisite: A passing score on the Calculus Placement Exam, or consent of the department chair.

MTH 272: Calculus II
4

A continuation of MTH 271, this course will include a study of methods of integration, applied to algebraic and transcendental functions. Solids of revolution, definite and indefinite integrals, Taylor polynomials, sequences and series, will be studied including applications using calculus to solve problems. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 271 or acceptable AP examination credit.

MTH 313: Mathematics Notation and Proof
3

This course will introduce standard mathematical notation, methods, truth tables, and principles of symbolic logic for use in determining the validity of arguments, dealing with proper notation and structure in mathematical proofs including direct and indirect proofs, mathematical induction, and construction of counter-examples. Application will be made to a field of mathematics such as set theory, algebra, or geometry. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 272.


MTH 371: Linear Algebra
3

This course will study properties of matrix arithmetic, systems of linear equations, determinants, vector spaces, linear transformations, diagonalization, inner products, and applications of these topics. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 272.


MTH 387: Probability and Statistics I
3

This course will look at the probability and combinatorics; discrete and continuous random variables; the normal, gamma, Chi-square, Poisson, and binomial distributions with applications. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 373 (concurrent enrollment allowed). Offered alternate years.


MTH 473: Modern Algebra I
3

This course will study the properties and operations within groups, rings, integral domains, fields, normal subgroups, quotient groups, homomorphisms, and isomorphisms. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 313. Offered alternate years.


See requirements for Liberal Studies major coursework.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

