ildren. She earned her Bachelor of Science in Speech Pathology and Audiology from Kansas State University in Manhattan, Kansas. In 2007 she attended Concordia University Irvine to complete her Multiple Subject Credential and Masters of Education.

Mrs. Franke has been with Concordia’s Teacher Credential Program in the School of Education for 12 years and wears a couple of different hats.  As TPA Coordinator, Mrs. Franke oversees all aspects of the California Teacher Performance Assessment, a state requirement for all teacher candidates to earn their preliminary credential. She is also the Field Experience Coordinator and places all teacher candidates in their two early field experiences. One of the joys of this position is visiting principals and teachers. During these visits, Mrs. Franke receives positive feedback on how well Concordia University Irvine candidates are prepared, which in turn encourages partnerships with local schools and districts to mentor our teacher candidates.

Talk to a Professor

Connect with a Concordia professor in real-time. Get answers to your questions and learn more about our curriculum.

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

