he spring semester.


ART 341: Ceramics I
3

This course will introduce clay from the process of construction through the completion of a finished piece using the following methods: pinch, coil, slab, wheel, and decorative. A lab fee is required. This class is offered every semester.


ART 488: Children’s Art
3

In this course students will explore the developmental stages of art in children at different levels that will aid in curriculum development and give students the opportunity to experiment with various art activities to develop skills needed for the effective teaching of art in the elementary school. A lab fee is required. This class is offered every fall semester.


*ART 311 or ART 312 may be completed in the Art emphasis if not completed in the core.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

