https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/liberal-arts/art
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Arts Major
Emphases
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
LIBERAL ARTS MAJOR
Art Emphasis
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
LIBERAL ARTS CORE
39-44 Units
ART 311: Art History I
3

This is a survey course of Western art from the Prehistoric Period through the Renaissance, employing illustrated lectures, independent research, museum visits, and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.


OR

ART 312: Art History II
3

This course is a survey of Western art from the Renaissance up to the 20th century employing illustrated lectures, independent research, museum visits and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.

CENG 201: World Literature to the Renaissance
3

This course will focus on critical thinking and research-based writing through comparative and interdisciplinary analysis. Alongside lectures and class discussion, the study of representative great works of Western and non-Western literature from Antiquity, the Middle Ages, and the Renaissance will emphasize the literary, cultural, and religious significance of these texts. Co-requisite: CHST 201; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CENG 201 as an unlinked course.


COM 324: Intercultural Communication
3

Social and cultural variables in speech communication processes and strategies for resolving communication problems in intercultural settings with an emphasis on variables such as perception, roles, language codes, and nonverbal communication will be examined in this course.


HST 410: Mythology
3

The reception of classical antiquity depends on both the stories the ancients told themselves, as well as their interpretation and reinscription in subsequent times and places. This course traces the debt moderns owe to the earliest recorded stories that shaped civilizations, both to appreciate the stories in their own historical context as well as consider the responses (both those that identify with antiquity and those that assume its alienation) of succeeding eras, culminating in critical consideration of contemporary cultural evocation of the classical tradition. Prerequisite: CHST 201 or CHST 202 or HST 201.


HUM 495: Senior Project (1-3 units)
1

In this capstone course students will meet with an instructor once per week in order to formulate, research, and discuss an appropriate topic for their written project. Topics must be interdisciplinary, combining their emphasis within the major with another discipline within the major. Prerequisite: Liberal Arts major and senior standing.

MUS 352: Music of World Cultures -OR- MUS 482: Music Cultures: Musical Expression in Christianity
3

MUS 352: Music of World Cultures - This course will introduce students to the study of music as a universal cultural phenomenon and the discipline of ethnomusicology with exposure to the musical and social aspects of folk, traditional, and art music of regions from Asia, Africa, Middle East, Europe, Latin America, and North America. Experience in music is encouraged but not required.

OR

MUS 482: Music Cultures: Musical Expression in Christianity - This course will survey of the role, development, and function of music in the Christian church from its roots in the Old Testament to the present day, with attention given to biblical, theological, social, and cultural considerations. Offered alternate years.

REL 321: World Religions
3

This survey course of the world's major non-Christian religions will include motifs, belief patterns, ritual and worship, ethics, social patterns, origin and development, and sacred writings.


THR 251: Introduction to Theatre
3

This course will provide an overview of the various conventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

ART EMPHASIS
18 Units
EDUC 200: The Teacher and Technology
1

Students are introduced to five educational technology themes represented in the California Teaching Performance Expectations. Knowledge, skills and resources introduced in this course are applied throughout the Teacher Credential Program courses and will ultimately prepare candidates in their professional practice to facilitate learning as best enabled and supported by technology. Recommended concurrent enrollment with EDUC 204/EDSP 204. Prerequisites: Certificate of clearance; for undergraduates, must be taken before 400-level courses.

EDSP 204: Introduction to Teaching Diverse Populations
2

This course will present the historical and philosophical foundations of teaching in California schools through the broad examination of the California Teaching Performance Expectations (TPEs). Through course activities students will develop awareness of the TPEs. Students are required to participate in 20 hours of fieldwork observation. Through these observations students will recognize the range of service delivery options for diverse populations of pupils. All fieldwork assignments are university assigned. Students are required to complete the observations during k-12 public school hours. Students must arrange their own transportation to the school site. Minimum grade of B- is required for those students applying to the School of Education. Prerequisites: Certificate of clearance; current TB (tuberculosis) test.

ART 321: Painting I
3

This studio art course will introduce students to the basic approaches of oil and acrylic painting, painting techniques, form, content, visual appreciation, and personal expression through lectures, demonstrations, slide presentations, studio painting, out-of-class painting, sketching, and critiques. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: ART 201. This class is offered every fall semester.


ART 351: Printmaking I
3

This course will provide an introduction to printmaking media with an emphasis on experimentation through techniques such as the monoprint, relief, and silkscreen. Prerequisites: ART 200 and ART 201 or consent of the instructor. Lab fee is required. This class is offered alternate years in the fall semester.


Choose one of the following courses: *
ART 311: Art History I
3

This is a survey course of Western art from the Prehistoric Period through the Renaissance, employing illustrated lectures, independent research, museum visits, and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.


ART 312: Art History II
3

This course is a survey of Western art from the Renaissance up to the 20th century employing illustrated lectures, independent research, museum visits and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.

ART 315: The History of Contemporary Art
3

This course will examine the art of the last half of the 20th and 21st centuries as it explores the ideas that became seminal points of interest for contemporary artists during this period. Students will study how art reflects history; how style communicates the concerns of the artist and their culture; and how symbols, techniques, materials, and subjects are used to convey the issues important to contemporary artists. This class is offered every fall semester.


Choose one of the following courses:
ART 331: Sculpture I
3

This course will introduce students to the concepts, materials, and methods of sculpture as creative ideas are developed in wood, clay, plaster, found objects, and cardboard. Principles and use of equipment, material sources, and safety factors will be addressed. A lab fee is required. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.


ART 341: Ceramics I
3

This course will introduce clay from the process of construction through the completion of a finished piece using the following methods: pinch, coil, slab, wheel, and decorative. A lab fee is required. This class is offered every semester.


ART 488: Children’s Art
3

In this course students will explore the developmental stages of art in children at different levels that will aid in curriculum development and give students the opportunity to experiment with various art activities to develop skills needed for the effective teaching of art in the elementary school. A lab fee is required. This class is offered every fall semester.


*ART 311 or ART 312 may be completed in the Art emphasis if not completed in the core.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

