https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/christian-education-leadership/index/id/19431
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theological Studies: Christian Education Leadership Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
THEOLOGICAL STUDIES: CHRISTIAN EDUCATION LEADERSHIP MAJOR
Christ College
EXPLORE 
Rachel Hoag ’20
Director of Christian Education (DCE)
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Lead in Christian Education

The Theological Studies: Christian Education Leadership major at Concordia University Irvine is for students who are interested in a full-time church ministry role such as Director of Christian Education (DCE), youth group leader, camp director, or serving as a missionary nationally or internationally. You will have the opportunity to be mentored in your area of study and gain first-hand experience through extensive fieldwork as you serve in a variety of local churches.

Concordia’s Christian Education Leadership program resides in Christ College, which ensures a strong theological foundation and courses that are taught through the lens of family ministry and cross-generational ministry.

APPLY NOW

Scholarships for LCMS Church Vocations Students

We are proud to offer a generous scholarship for qualifying LCMS church vocations students.

LEARN MORE

Field Work

Students connect with local churches to observe and engage with a variety of ministry contexts and experiences. They are assigned to a local church and participate under the supervision of a ministry mentor. Students practice and grow in their leadership skills in order to become better prepared for lifelong service in the church.

 

Curriculum

From its founding, Concordia University’s Christ College has equipped students for full-time ministry in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS). Guided by the Great Commission, you will be shaped as citizens prepared to serve God’s world and proclaim God’s word. Students who desire to be a Director of Christian Education (DCE) in the LCMS must also complete the DCE minor and Christ College requirements.

SAMPLE CHRISTIAN EDUCATION LEADERSHIP COURSES
CED 201: Introduction to Christian Education: Theory and Practice
3

Students will be introduced to the biblical, theological, and historical foundations of Christian education within the church in this course as they meet and observe Christian education practitioners; create a philosophy of ministry; begin a professional portfolio; and explore their personal interests, giftedness, and skills in relation to those needed for success in Christian education leadership. Students will also determine their commitment to The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod Director of Christian Education program. Course requirement: Completion of fingerprint clearance procedures including payment of appropriate fees.

CED 202: Church Leadership and Administration
3

In this course students will explore biblical principles and current practices of leaders and managers: envisioning, organizing, recruitment, training, and supervision of volunteers, budgeting, publicizing, and evaluating with special emphasis upon the application of these functions to church and parachurch leadership and administration. Learning culminates in a strategic ministry plan used within students' fieldwork congregations. Prerequisite: Fingerprint clearance or consent of Christ College's Office of Church Vocations.


CED 350: Learning Across the Life Span
3

This course will present the major concepts, theories and applications related to both the typical and atypical spiritual, moral, cognitive, social, and emotional development across the lifespan in the context of local church ministry. Knowledge gained in this course lays a foundation for leadership of children's, family, youth, adult, and special needs ministry.


CED 470: Family Systems
3

This course will examine the dynamics of family interaction from a systems perspective. An understanding of family systems theory will be applied to the historical, sociological, theological, and biblical contexts of family life and the church. Topics will include family formation, the process of family life, family history, non-nuclear families, and crisis assessment.


PSY 466: Principles of Counseling
3

This foundation course will provide an understanding of the content and process of counseling including basic skills, legal and ethical issues, crisis intervention, cultural sensitivity, how and when to refer, control-mastery theory, and the integration of psychology and theology.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Christian Education Leadership major are equipped for full-time ministry and serve congregations across the country and around the world.

Seeing Christ's Light Shine Through Others

Madison Haase ’19

Madison Haase '19 talks about se