Your Professors

All of our theological faculty members are called ministers in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod and have earned advanced academic degrees in their field. In addition, many of them are published authors. They also have practical experience in their called ministry and are actively involved in ministry today.

Rebecca Duport
Director, DCE Program

Professor Rebecca Duport ‘98 has served the LCMS as a Director of Christian Education (DCE) throughout the country (Idaho, Kentucky, Arkansas, Florida) in life-span education roles working with Children, Youth, Family, and Older Adults. She cherishes the relationships that God has allowed her the privilege to be a part of as a full-time DCE in His church for 16 years before returning to her alma mater, Concordia University Irvine, as a professor in 2014.

Rev. Dr. Mark Brighton
Professor of Biblical Languages/Theology

Dr. Mark Brighton received his Ph.D. from UC Irvine and his M.Div. from Concordia Seminary, St. Louis. He enjoys studying topics related to the end times and first century Judea and has published books titled Revelation and The Sicarii in Josephus’ Judean War: Rhetorical Analysis and Historical Observations. Dr. Brighton has also been published in theological journals and has authored book chapters.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For questions about the Theological Studies: Christian Education Leadership Major, contact:

Rebecca Duport
Director, DCE Program
rebecca.duport@cui.edu
(949) 214-3621

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

