https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/christian-education-leadership/index/id/19431
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theological Studies: Christian Education Leadership Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
THEOLOGICAL STUDIES: CHRISTIAN EDUCATION LEADERSHIP MAJOR
Christ College
EXPLORE 
Rachel Hoag ’20
Director of Christian Education (DCE)
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Lead in Christian Education

The Theological Studies: Christian Education Leadership major at Concordia University Irvine is for students who are interested in a full-time church ministry role such as Director of Christian Education (DCE), youth group leader, camp director, or serving as a missionary nationally or internationally. You will have the opportunity to be mentored in your area of study and gain first-hand experience through extensive fieldwork as you serve in a variety of local churches.

Concordia’s Christian Education Leadership program resides in Christ College, which ensures a strong theological foundation and courses that are taught through the lens of family ministry and cross-generational ministry.

APPLY NOW

Scholarships for LCMS Church Vocations Students

We are proud to offer a generous scholarship for qualifying LCMS church vocations students.

LEARN MORE

Field Work

Students connect with local churches to observe and engage with a variety of ministry contexts and experiences. They are assigned to a local church and participate under the supervision of a ministry mentor. Students practice and grow in their leadership skills in order to become better prepared for lifelong service in the church.

 

Curriculum

From its founding, Concordia University’s Christ College has equipped students for full-time ministry in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS). Guided by the Great Commission, you will be shaped as citizens prepared to serve God’s world and proclaim God’s word. Students who desire to be a Director of Christian Education (DCE) in the LCMS must also complete the DCE minor and Christ College requirements.

SAMPLE CHRISTIAN EDUCATION LEADERSHIP COURSES
CED 201: Introduction to Christian Education: Theory and Practice
3

Students will be introduced to the biblical, theological, and historical foundations of Christian education within the church in this course as they meet and observe Christian education practitioners; create a philosophy of ministry; begin a professional portfolio; and explore their personal interests, giftedness, and skills in relation to those needed for success in Christian education leadership. Students will also determine their commitment to The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod Director of Christian Education program. Course requirement: Completion of fingerprint clearance procedures including payment of appropriate fees.

CED 202: Church Leadership and Administration
3

In this course students will explore biblical principles and current practices of leaders and managers: envisioning, organizing, recruitment, training, and supervision of volunteers, budgeting, publicizing, and evaluating with special emphasis upon the application of these functions to church and parachurch leadership and administration. Learning culminates in a strategic ministry plan used within students' fieldwork congregations. Prerequisite: Fingerprint clearance or consent of Christ College's Office of Church Vocations.


CED 350: Learning Across the Life Span
3

This course will present the major concepts, theories and applications related to both the typical and atypical spiritual, moral, cognitive, social, and emotional development across the lifespan in the context of local church ministry. Knowledge gained in this course lays a foundation for leadership of children's, family, youth, adult, and special needs ministry.


CED 470: Family Systems
3

This course will examine the dynamics of family interaction from a systems perspective. An understanding of family systems theory will be applied to the historical, sociological, theological, and biblical contexts of family life and the church. Topics will include family formation, the process of family life, family history, non-nuclear families, and crisis assessment.


PSY 466: Principles of Counseling
3

This foundation course will provide an understanding of the content and process of counseling including basic skills, legal and ethical issues, crisis intervention, cultural sensitivity, how and when to refer, control-mastery theory, and the integration of psychology and theology.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Christian Education Leadership major are equipped for full-time ministry and serve congregations across the country and around the world.

Seeing Christ's Light Shine Through Others

Madison Haase ’19

Madison Haase '19 talks about seeing Christ’s light shine through others during her experiences at Concordia and her DCE internship.

READ STORY
In the Mud with Those in Need

Brenda Segovia ’15

Brenda Segovia ’15 speaks about ministering to the children at the AMI Kids Detention Center in Los Fresnos, Texas, in cooperation with the Rio Grande Valley Mission Action Council (RioMAC).

READ STORY
Theological Depth of Program Prepares Alum for Youth Director Calling

Adam Dougherty ’19

Adam Dougherty ’19 felt an internal call to the Theological Studies: Christian Education Leadership and Director of Christian Education (DCE) program at Concordia University Irvine, trusting in the academic rigor and the theological depth of the program to prepare him to be a well-educated student and minister in the LCMS.

READ STORY
Alumni Awards and Recognition

Several outstanding CEL alumni have been recognized by the National Association of Directors of Christian Education. These biennial awards are given to deserving individuals nominated and selected by their peers and partners in ministry.

Brenda Segovia '15
2019 Most Outstanding New DCE Award

Steve Schedler '84
2019 Master DCE Award

Dana Burkey Peterson '11
2017 Most Outstanding New DCE Award

Opportunities for Christian Education Leadership Majors

You will find there is a strong sense of community and purpose among our students. Committed to our mission to lead, learn, and serve, we offer many opportunities to get involved with our local churches and through missions. Our location within Southern California exposes you to a rich ethnic diversity that helps prepare you to minister to a broad range of people.

Academic Opportunities

You can combine your degree with a related minor or church work program. You may also transition directly into one of our ministry, post-baccalaureate, or graduate programs.

Children's Ministry Minor
Classical Education Minor
Director of Christian Education Minor
Lutheran Teaching Minor
Missiology Minor
Pre-Deaconess Studies Minor
Pre-Seminary Studies Minor
Psychology Minor
Youth Ministry Minor
Worship Arts Leadership Minor
Master of Arts in Theology
Extracurricular Activities

Christian Education Leadership majors have competed in the President’s Academic Showcase and the President’s Great Commission Showcase. They participate in a variety of Concordia University Irvine study abroad programs. They also have the opportunity to help plan a mission trip to Mexico as well as participate in other domestic and international mission trips. Students with a 3.5 GPA or higher in Religious Studies and/or Theology may join Concordia’s Theta Alpha Kappa chapter, a national honor society for theology.

abbeywest
Around-the-World-Semester®
Associated Students of Concordia University Irvine (ASCUI)
Center for Student Leadership & Development (CSLD)
Great Commission Showcase
Leadership, Education, and Development (LEAD) Program
Missions
President’s Academic Showcase
Study Abroad
Theta Alpha Kappa
Worship Ensembles
Meet Your Professors

All of our theological faculty members are called ministers in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod and have earned advanced academic degrees in their field. In addition, many of them are published authors. They also have practical experience in their called ministry and are actively involved in ministry today.

Rebecca Duport
Director, DCE Program

Professor Rebecca Duport ‘98 has served the LCMS as a Director of Christian Education (DCE) throughout the country (Idaho, Kentucky, Arkansas, Florida) in life-span education roles working with Children, Youth, Family, and Older Adults. She cherishes the relationships that God has allowed her the privilege to be a part of as a full-time DCE in His church for 16 years before returning to her alma mater, Concordia University Irvine, as a professor in 2014.

Rev. Dr. Mark Brighton
Professor of Biblical Languages/Theology

Dr. Mark Brighton received his Ph.D. from UC Irvine and his M.Div. from Concordia Seminary, St. Louis. He enjoys studying topics related to the end times and first century Judea and has published books titled Revelation and The Sicarii in Josephus’ Judean War: Rhetorical Analysis and Historical Observations. Dr. Brighton has also been published in theological journals and has authored book chapters.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For questions about the Theological Studies: Christian Education Leadership Major, contact:

Rebecca Duport
Director, DCE Program
rebecca.duport@cui.edu
(949) 214-3621

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

