https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/liberal-arts/biology
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Arts Major
Emphases
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
LIBERAL ARTS MAJOR
Biology Emphasis
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
LIBERAL ARTS CORE
39-44 Units
ART 311: Art History I
3

This is a survey course of Western art from the Prehistoric Period through the Renaissance, employing illustrated lectures, independent research, museum visits, and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.


OR

ART 312: Art History II
3

This course is a survey of Western art from the Renaissance up to the 20th century employing illustrated lectures, independent research, museum visits and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.

CENG 201: World Literature to the Renaissance
3

This course will focus on critical thinking and research-based writing through comparative and interdisciplinary analysis. Alongside lectures and class discussion, the study of representative great works of Western and non-Western literature from Antiquity, the Middle Ages, and the Renaissance will emphasize the literary, cultural, and religious significance of these texts. Co-requisite: CHST 201; permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CENG 201 as an unlinked course.


COM 324: Intercultural Communication
3

Social and cultural variables in speech communication processes and strategies for resolving communication problems in intercultural settings with an emphasis on variables such as perception, roles, language codes, and nonverbal communication will be examined in this course.


HST 410: Mythology
3

The reception of classical antiquity depends on both the stories the ancients told themselves, as well as their interpretation and reinscription in subsequent times and places. This course traces the debt moderns owe to the earliest recorded stories that shaped civilizations, both to appreciate the stories in their own historical context as well as consider the responses (both those that identify with antiquity and those that assume its alienation) of succeeding eras, culminating in critical consideration of contemporary cultural evocation of the classical tradition. Prerequisite: CHST 201 or CHST 202 or HST 201.


HUM 495: Senior Project (1-3 units)
1

In this capstone course students will meet with an instructor once per week in order to formulate, research, and discuss an appropriate topic for their written project. Topics must be interdisciplinary, combining their emphasis within the major with another discipline within the major. Prerequisite: Liberal Arts major and senior standing.

MUS 352: Music of World Cultures -OR- MUS 482: Music Cultures: Musical Expression in Christianity
3

MUS 352: Music of World Cultures - This course will introduce students to the study of music as a universal cultural phenomenon and the discipline of ethnomusicology with exposure to the musical and social aspects of folk, traditional, and art music of regions from Asia, Africa, Middle East, Europe, Latin America, and North America. Experience in music is encouraged but not required.

OR

MUS 482: Music Cultures: Musical Expression in Christianity - This course will survey of the role, development, and function of music in the Christian church from its roots in the Old Testament to the present day, with attention given to biblical, theological, social, and cultural considerations. Offered alternate years.

REL 321: World Religions
3

This survey course of the world's major non-Christian religions will include motifs, belief patterns, ritual and worship, ethics, social patterns, origin and development, and sacred writings.


THR 251: Introduction to Theatre
3

This course will provide an overview of the various conventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

BIOLOGY EMPHASIS
18-20 Units
BIO 111: General Biology I
4

This general biology course will examine major principles in biology at the molecular, cellular, and organism levels. Topics include cellular structure, metabolism processes, genetics, DNA function and genome expression, the origin of life and evolutionary principles, biotechnology, and molecular biology. The course emphasizes laboratory techniques, scientific writing, and the application of biological principles toward interpretation of case studies. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Typically offered each semester.

BIO 112: General Biology II
4

As a continuation of BIO 111, this general biology course examines major principles in biology at the organism, population, and ecosystem levels. Topics include the structure, function, and behavior of animals and plants, evolutionary mechanisms, population dynamics, and ecological interactions. The course emphasizes laboratory techniques, scientific writing, and the application of biological principles toward interpretation of case studies. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (spring semester).

Choose a minimum of ten units from the following courses:
BIO 246: Human Anatomy and Physiology I
4

First of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology. Topics include the structure and function of cells, tissues, and the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 247: Human Anatomy and Physiology II
4

Second of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology.  Topics include the endocrine, cardiovascular, lymphatic/immune, respiratory, digestive, urinary, and reproductive systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintain homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.   Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in BIO 111 and BIO 246 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (spring semester).

BIO 308: Molecular Genetics
4

This course will introduce the basic principles of molecular genetics focused on prokaryotic and eukaryotic gene regulation, recombinant DNA technology, bioinformatics, and an introduction to Mendelian genetics. The course emphasizes classical laboratory experimentation and molecular techniques. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111, BIO 112, BIO 350, CHE 221, CHE 222 or consent of the instructor. Typically offered annually (spring semester).

BIO 309: Population Genetics
4

This course will investigate the data, methods, and theory behind population genetics with an emphasis on human populations. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 112. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 317: Ecology
4

Fundamental ecological concepts will be introduced through literature and illustrated in field investigations focusing on the relation of organisms to their environment. Field trips and lab time are included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: Grade C- or better in (BIO 111, BIO 112) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221or SCI 115) or consent of the instructor. Typically offered alternate years (even years, spring semester).

BIO 331: Marine Biology
4

This course will study a variety of marine habitats and organisms, with emphasis on ecological interactions, physiological and behavioral adaptations, and current challenges to the marine environment. Emphasis is placed on local marine ecosystems. Students will learn current marine research methods in the lab and field. Up to two (2) weekend field trips are possible in addition to field trips during scheduled lab time. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 111, BIO 112) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Completion of SCI 318 and BIO 345 is recommended but not required. Typically offered alternate years (odd years, spring semester).

BIO 341: Plant Biology
4

As an introduction to the basic concepts of plant life, this course will study the structure, functional form, reproduction, genetics, and ecology of fungi, algae, and nonvascular and vascular plants. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in BIO 111 and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered alternate years (odd years, spring semester).

BIO 345: Evolutionary Zoology
4

This course will study the diversity of the animal kingdom while focusing on natural history, anatomy, systematics, and evolutionary principles. Studied phyla include protozoans through mammals, or a subset therein. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 101 or CBIO 101 or BIO 111) and BIO 112 or consent of instructor. Typically offered alternate years (even years, fall semester).

BIO 350: Molecular and Cellular Biology
4

A study of plant and animal molecular and cellular structures, biochemistry, and function is included in this course with an emphasis on the molecular level of cells, cellular metabolism, and the structure and function of the major organelles. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 111, BIO 112, CHE 221) and (CHE 222 or SCI 115; or concurrent enrollment) or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 351: General Microbiology
4

This course will introduce the morphology, physiology, and ecological and medical importance of microorganisms (focusing on viruses, bacteria, molds, and yeasts), with a strong focus on the molecular basis of physiological processes. Laboratory sessions will emphasize the culture, physiology, and identification of the major groups of microbes. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 355: Biostatistics
3

This course will introduce statistical analysis concepts and methods necessary for the interpretation of biological data in including a hands-on experience with computational methods and biological interpretation rather than statistical theory. Computer lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 361: Field Biology Techniques
3

This field-based course will explore common techniques used to conduct biological field research and provide hands-on experience with transects, trapping, quadrats, aquatic survey methods, GPS, GIS, and others. Proper experimental design and statistical analysis of data will be included as students design and conduct their own research projects. During standard Fall or Spring semesters, up to three (3) weekend field trips are possible in addition to field trips during scheduled lab time or longer trips during mid-semester breaks. A lab fee is required and additional travel costs may apply. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 101 or CBIO 101 or BIO 111) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years (odd years, spring semester).

SCI 301: Earth Science
3

This is an introductory course to the position, motion, and properties of the solar system and cosmos including a survey of spatial concepts of the earth's crust, materials, structure, and the effects on the land forms, soil, vegetation, and natural resources. An overview of the atmosphere, its composition, and the processes that makes the earth's surface so dynamic will be included. Prerequisites: (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115).


SCI 318: Ocean Science
4

This course will provide an interdisciplinary introduction to biological, physical, and chemical ocean processes, as well as the human activities that influence the presence, distribution, form, and function of marine life across a variety of marine habitats. Traditional lectures, peer-led and problem-based learning, and lab time will be included. Field trips during lab time should be expected, as well as up to two (2) weekend field trips. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered alternate years (even years, spring semester).


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

