ntions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

CHEMISTRY EMPHASIS
18-20 Units
CHE 222: Chemistry II
4

The major topics of this course will include solubility products, chemical thermodynamics, chemical kinetics, and qualitative analysis. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 221.


CHE 321: Organic Chemistry I
4

This course will examine the fundamental concepts relating to organic compounds with an emphasis on structure, nomenclature, theory, bonding, stereochemistry, reaction mechanisms, and physical and chemical properties of the principle classes of compounds. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 222.


CHE 424: Analytical Chemistry
4

Theory and fundamental techniques of qualitative and quantitative chemical analysis via classical and advanced instrumental methods will be the focus of this course. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 or consent of instructor.


Choose two of the following courses:
CHE 322: Organic Chemistry II
4

This course will focus on aromaticity, advanced synthesis and reaction mechanisms, kinetics, organometallic chemistry, and bio-organic chemistry. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 321.


CHE 354: Inorganic Chemistry
4

Through a systematic exposition of major trends in structure, bonding, reactivity, and spectroscopy across the periodic table, this course will include main group chemistry, transition metal and coordination chemistry, lanthanide/actinide chemistry, organometallic chemistry, bioinorganic chemistry, solid state chemistry, electron transfer processes, and generalized concepts of acidity. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 or consent of instructor.


ESS 306: Nutritional Sciences
3

This course will explore issues pertinent to the study of health and nutrition for the active individual and will analyze concepts and controversies by illustrating the importance of research and clinical studies in the current nutritional literature. Students will also examine and discuss key concepts concerning the role of nutrition in overall health and well-being for a healthy lifestyle. Prerequisites: BIO 101 and sophomore standing.

PHY 325: Scientific Equipment Design and Fabrication
3

This hands-on course will focus on the design of scientific equipment, the use of scientific glassblowing, and machine shop tools, particularly the lathe and the knee-type mill, to fabricate, repair, and modify scientific equipment; also included will be a comprehensive introduction to vacuum technology. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in PHY 221 or consent of instructor.


SCI 455: History and Philosophy of Science
3

This course will introduce the philosophic nature of science with a literary review of philosophic issues associated with the epistemological and historical development of science starting with ancient Greece through today. Cross listed with HST 455. Prerequisite: CBIO 101 or consent of instructor. Typically offered every spring semester.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

