 various conventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

CREATIVE WRITING EMPHASIS
18 Units
WRT 223: Introduction to Genre and Craft in Creative Writing
3

As a multi-genre introduction to the craft of creative writing, this course will examine literary conventions as well as the writing techniques and tools essential to effective writing and editing. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent.


WRT 427: Advanced Creative Writing
3

This capstone course will provide students with an opportunity to write more intensively and extensively through the creation of new work and revising previously written work in a workshop setting. Prerequisites: Junior or Senior standing; (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and WRT 223 and (WRT 327 or WRT 328) and WRT 329. Offered alternate years.

Choose four of the following courses:
WRT 324: Writing for Children and Teenagers
3

As an introductory course to the art and craft of writing for young audiences, students will read, analyze and write both fiction and nonfiction pieces. The course includes market analysis techniques and the submission of work for publication. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent.


WRT 327: Creative Writing: Fiction
3

This course will involve a sustained exploration of the creative process in writing fiction as students complete several short stories, perform close analysis of published works, and participate in writing workshops. Prerequisites: (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and WRT 223. Offered alternate years.

WRT 328: Creative Writing: Poetry
3

This course is designed to sharpen students' awareness of and skill in using the elements of poetry. Students will complete a number of original poems in a variety of traditional and contemporary forms and styles. This class will discuss their own creative work and a wide variety of anthologized poetry in a workshop setting. Prerequisites: (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and WRT 223. Offered alternate years.

WRT 329: Creative Nonfiction
3

An examination and discussion of the art and craft of contemporary nonfiction, practice in a variety of genres. Course includes market analysis techniques and the submission of work for publication. Prerequisites: (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and WRT 223. Offered alternate years.

WRT 333: Topics in Creative Writing
3

As a focused exploration of genre and subject matter in a workshop setting. Possible topics include nature writing, travel writing, and experimental writing. Course may be repeated for elective credit. Prerequisite: (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and (CENG 201 or CENG 301 or equivalent).


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

