ntions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

ECONOMICS EMPHASIS
18 Units
ECO 201: Macroeconomics
3

This is a survey course of the scope and methods of the study of the principles of macroeconomics. Topics will include decision-making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the determination of prices, the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems, international trade and foreign exchange, financial markets, the role and objectives of government in economic policy.


ECO 202: Microeconomics
3

This is a course covering principles of microeconomics. Topics will include decision‐making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the determination of prices, international trade, elements of industrial organization and varying degrees of competition, and the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems.

ECO 221: History of Economic Thought
3

This is a survey course of the history of economic thought from 1600 to 2000, focusing on primary works and discussion of their historical context. Major authors covered will include Smith, Marx, Marshall, and Keynes. Specific policy areas surveyed include internal improvements, money and banking, tariffs, trade, antitrust, and regulation. Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201.

Choose three of the following courses:
ECO 321: Econometrics
3

This course is the study of Econometrics, providing techniques for the quantitative measurement and analysis of actual economic and business phenomena. Prerequisites: fulfillment of the general education math requirement, ECO 201 and ECO 202 and (MTH 252 or MTH 271).

ECO 323: Money and Financial Markets
3

This course is an overview of financial markets and institutions, money markets, stocks, bonds, foreign currency, and derivatives. Prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

ECO 421: Intermediate Microeconomics
3

This course uses principles of economic and statistical analysis in management decision making and practical problem solving; demand evaluation and sales forecasting; cost and profitability analysis; pricing policy; uncertainty and risk, and use of case studies. Prerequisites: fulfillment of general education math requirement and ECO 202.

ECO 428: Intermediate Macroeconomics and Public Policy
3

This course uses economic methodology to evaluate the economic methods used in, and the purposes driving, the development of economic public policies in the U.S., focusing on the role of government in shaping social policy and its impact on individuals. Students will (a) complete an essay describing a recent U.S. economic policy event, and (b) an essay describing the economic justification for recent public policy in one (1) of the following three (3) topics: Environmental and Natural Resource Economics; Economics of Health; or Economics of Education. Prerequisites: fulfillment of general education math requirement and ECO 201 and ECO 202 and (MTH 252 or MTH 271).

ECO 429: Environment, Climate and Sustainability
3

This course is an overview of topics surrounding the assessment of humankind’s interaction and use of the environment, the effect on climate, and assessment of long term sustainability. Using environmental and economics concepts and methods, the course will cover topics such as means to value natural resources, methods for appropriately mitigating externalities (such as pollution), and assessing development activities. The course will also evaluate the availability and use of natural resources, depletable and renewable, such as energy, water, land, and forests. Finally, the course will assess relevant topics surrounding climate change, including its measurement, causes, effects (magnitude and geographic distribution), and potential responses. Throughout the course students will learn the relevant government agencies and legal processes surrounding the environment, climate, and sustainability. Recommended Prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A 