https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/christian-ministry
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Online BA Degree: Christian Ministry
Curriculum
Contact Us
Online BA Degree: Christian Ministry
CENTER FOR CHURCH LEADERSHIP
Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor

The online Bachelor of Arts in Christian Ministry prepares, equips, and forms Christian students for ministry in Christian congregations as pastors and other ministry leaders. Through academic course work, spiritual and ministry formation, and hands-on ministry experience, students will be prepared to serve in various ministry settings in our ever-changing world.

This program is open to students who 1) already possess a bachelor’s degree or fulfill Concordia’s requirements to enter an online bachelor’s degree program and 2) who are working in a relevant ministry position in a church or church-related context.

Students will be required to complete one or two short residencies on campus, one of which will be associated with DCE 450 Counseling in Ministry. Costs associated with the residencies are the student’s responsibility.

Application to the program will be made to Christ College, which will make the final decision regarding admission to the program. Students wishing to complete this program as their first bachelor’s degree must complete all general education and degree requirements laid out in the catalog.

Curriculum

Below you can view a few sample courses within the BA degree, or choose to view the complete curriculum.

SAMPLE CHRISTIAN MINISTRY COURSES
ATHL 429: Biblical Theology and Exegesis
3

This course will study the Lutheran understanding of the nature of Scripture followed by an examination of its major themes with an emphasis on interpretive principles (e.g., Law and Gospel) for use in congregational ministry.


ATHL 473: Systematic Doctrinal Theology
3

Instructor and students will pursue graduate-level study of systematic doctrinal theology in biblical perspective. The course surveys the loci, i.e. the topics, of doctrinal theology. In the process we will consider the nature and task of theological reflection; the responsibilities and qualities of a theologian; and such key topics in theological reflection as the Person and Work of Christ, Justification, Law and Gospel, the Trinity, Creation, the Word of God, the Last Things, Christian Vocation, and the life of the Christian Church. Special attention will be given to recognizing and characterizing the church-related context in which and for which theology is undertaken. Our exciting and demanding task is to focus in every class session on theology that will serve the Church, the Body of Christ.


DCE 402: Church Leadership
3

This course teaches planning, administration and leadership skills important to the development, management and evaluation of Christian education ministry programs.

DCE 432: Methods of Christian Discipleship
3

Examines theory and practice of discipleship, catechesis, and spiritual formation as conducted in the ministry of the church. Focuses on planning, managing, delivering, evaluating, and integrating Christian teaching into the life of the church.

DCE 480: Youth Ministry
3

A course which provides students basic foundations of parish youth ministry and an opportunity to better understand the current youth culture. Supplies a variety of organizational models and an opportunity to develop programming skills needed for successful parish youth ministry. A fieldwork component is required.

VIEW COMPLETE CURRICULUM

Apply Now:
Online BA Degree: Christian Ministry
1
Application for Graduate Admission
Complete and submit the cohort application by clicking the button.
APPLICATION
2
Application Fee
Please submit your non-refundable $50 application fee.
3
Pastoral Reference
Complete and submit the cohort application by clicking the button.
REFERENCE
4
Personal Reference
Complete and submit the cohort application by clicking the button.
REFERENCE
5
Supplemental Application
Complete and submit the cohort application by clicking the button.
APPLICATION
6
Official Transcripts from all colleges and universities attended
7
High School Transcript

For questions about the online bachelor’s degree in Christian Ministry, contact:

Dr. Jonathan Ruehs
Director of the Center for Church Leadership
jonathan.ruehs@cui.edu
(949) 214-3114

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

