ventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

MISSIOLOGY EMPHASIS
19 Units
ANT 210: Cultural Anthropology
3

Understanding diverse cultures of the world, from preliterate societies to modern technological societies, is the focus of this course, and will include mankind's universal as well as adaptive dimensions; and the examination of socioeconomic, political, religious, and physical environmental factors that relate to the values and lifestyles of various peoples.


ANT 435: Religion in Society
3

This course will present a comparative examination of religion as an aspect of human culture and will include substantive and functional approaches to religious behavior, religion as a symbol system, ritual behavior, magic, religious movements, and paranormal phenomena. Prerequisite: ANT 210 or permission of instructor. Offered alternate years.


THL 222: Christian Witness and Evangelism
1

This course will introduce students to the theology and practice of Christian evangelism through the development of the skills needed to share the Gospel with others.


THL 430: Christian Apologetics
3

The relationship of the Christian faith to the major philosophies and ideologies that conflict with Christianity will be evaluated from the 2nd century to the present in this course. Prerequisite: Junior or senior standing or consent of instructor.


THL 481: The Mission of Christ's Church
3

This course will provide an overview of the theology and practice of Christian missions including the historical development, missionary methods, evangelism programs, and paradigm shifts, to develop the skills needed to share the Gospel to others.


HST 338: Modern European History
3

This course integrates various political, social, economic, and cultural phases of Europe's history from the 18th century to the present, including the French Revolution, industrialization, imperialism, the unification of Italy and Germany, communism, fascism; the two world wars, and the Cold War. It will also trace the major scientific, literary, and artistic developments through this era.


OR

HST 371: Islamic Civilization
3

This introductory course into the lands, peoples, and cultures of the Middle East from antiquity to modern times, will include the role of religion in shaping social and political institutions, and the influence of Islamic thought on the Arab world and conflicts in the contemporary Middle East. Offered alternate years.


THL ___: Elective
3

Any 3-unit upper division (300 or 400 level) course in THL not already required in the emphasis.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

