ns, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

SPANISH EMPHASIS
18 Units
POL 304: Grand Strategy
3

This course will explore the aspect of statecraft in international relations known as “grand strategy” from a theoretical and historical perspective. This course traces how statesmen have or have not marshalled and coordinated the political, diplomatic, military, material, cultural, and moral resources available to a state, to achieve, or fail to achieve long-term objectives in the international environment during war and peace.

OR

SOC 316: Ethnic and Minority Relations
3

This course will analyze ethnicity in contemporary urban society including the relationship between sub-cultural communities and the larger society; examining the factors and processes in the formation of minority groups; and looking at strategies for changing dominant-minority patterns.


SPA 201: Intermediate Spanish I
3

This course will provide a systematic review of grammar including readings that will provide an introduction to Spanish culture and literature. Prerequisite: SPA 102 or equivalent.


SPA 202: Intermediate Spanish II
3

A continuation of SPA 201. Prerequisite: SPA 201 or equivalent.


SPA 301: Advanced Conversation
3

This course will help students develop an increased mastery of the spoken language through extensive text and periodical readings with an emphasis on small-group discussion. Prerequisite: SPA 202 or equivalent.


SPA 302: Advanced Grammar/Reading
3

Through extensive reading of Spanish writings, this course will review grammatical principles and require regular composition work based on these readings. Prerequisite: SPA 202 or equivalent.


SPA 311: Survey of Spanish Literature
3

This course will study representative works of Spanish literature from the Middle Ages to the present. Prerequisite: SPA 202. Offered in alternate years.


OR

SPA 312: Survey of Spanish American Literature
3

This course will study representative works of Spanish-American literature from the Conquest to the present. Prerequisite: SPA 202. Offered alternate years.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

