ller, Williams, and Albee. Attending a performance may be required. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202. Offered alternate years.

ENG 466: Shakespeare
3

Critical reading and analysis of selected examples of Shakespeare's histories, comedies, and tragedies will be the focus of this course. Prerequisite: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271.

THR 441: Theatre and Culture I
3

Through the study of representative plays, this course will examine the various theatre cultures from the Classical period through the Renaissance, giving consideration to the theatrical conventions, visual art, music, and significant historical events of the periods. There may be an additional charge for required field trips. Prerequisite: THR 251 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


OR

THR 442: Theatre and Culture II
3

As a continuation of THR 441, this course will examine theatre cultures from the Renaissance to the present day. There may be an additional charge for required field trips. Prerequisite: THR 251 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


*Choose the course (THR 441 or THR 442) not taken in the core requirements of this emphasis.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

