ions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

THEOLOGY EMPHASIS
18 Units
REL 375: Contemporary Religious Bodies
3

This introductory survey course of several major Western theological positions is organized around the systems of Roman Catholicism, Luther, Calvin and Wesley. Prerequisites: CTHL 101 or CTHL 200 or equivalent.


THL 371: Christian Doctrine and Confessions I
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover theological method, revelation and Scripture, Law and Gospel, the Triune God and His attributes, humanity and sin, and the person and work of Jesus Christ as the God-man, with an emphasis on key biblical material and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions.


THL 372: Christian Doctrine and Confessions II
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover the work of Christ, the person and the work of the Holy Spirit, the church and eschatology with an emphasis on key biblical materials and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions. Prerequisite: THL 371.


THL 429: Biblical Theology and Exegesis
3

Through an intensive study of the major themes of the Old and New Testaments, this course will introduce and apply the tools and principles of exegesis and hermeneutics with special emphasis on deriving Law and Gospel principles for use in congregational ministry. Prerequisites: THL 201 and THL 202 or concurrent enrollment allowed.


THL 430: Christian Apologetics
3

The relationship of the Christian faith to the major philosophies and ideologies that conflict with Christianity will be evaluated from the 2nd century to the present in this course. Prerequisite: Junior or senior standing or consent of instructor.


THL ___: Elective
3

Any 3-unit upper division (300 or 400 level) course in THL not already required in the emphasis.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

