14-3299
lindsay.kane-barnese@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Biochemistry
Chair - Chemistry, Biochemistry, Physics and Engineering

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese (Ph.D.) graduated from Concordia University Irvine with B.A. in Biology and a B.A. in Chemistry. She obtained her Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Dr. Kane-Barnese’s doctoral work and current research interests involve a protein involved in some cases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) or Lou Gehrig’s Disease. She teaches a variety of classes, ranging from introductory to advanced biology and chemistry courses. Dr. Kane-Barnese also advises students in research pertaining to ALS or other biochemistry or molecular biology related research. She enjoys working with students to learn complex biological and chemical topics in their classes and research and helping them explore the intersection of faith and science in their chosen field.

Education

Ph.D. - University of California, Los Angeles, 2010

Karges, Caleb
(949) 214-3547
caleb.karges@cui.edu
Associate Professor of History and Political Thought
Degrees Earned
University of St Andrews, PhD, 2016
University of St Andrews, MLitt, 2010
Concordia University Irvine, BA, 2009
Research Interests
Early Modern Warfare, Strategy, Austrian History, British History, War of the Spanish Succession, Fiscal-Military State
Teaching Interests
Military History, European History, International Relations
Kenney, John W.
 
john.kenney@cui.edu
Professor Emeritus of Chemical Physics
Biography

Dr. Kenney is an award winning teacher and scholar noted for his contributions to both chemical education and to chemistry / chemical physics research. He is known for his passionate, enthusiastic, energetic, and innovative hands-on teaching style, for the depth and rigor of his classes, for his involvement of students in high-level scientific research, and for his ability to transform the lives of his students and inspire them to achieve their professional and personal goals. “There’s nothing more spectacular than getting a privileged view of God’s creative genius, either at the microscopic scale or the cosmological scale,” states Kenney.

Education
University of Utah, Salt Lake City, Ph.D. 1979
Lu, John
(949) 214-3328
john.lu@cui.edu
Professor of Psychology and Department Chair

Dr. John Lu completed his doctorate at UC Irvine in Social Psychology (emphasis in Health Psychology). He began working at Concordia Irvine in 2004. His research interests are in the mind-body relationship. Most recently he has been examining happiness and optimal performance. Dr. Lu teaches courses in Statistics, Cognition, Social Psychology, and Health Psychology. His greatest enjoyment in teaching is watching students grow academically and personally as they are challenged to foster their gifts.

Degrees Earned
University of California, Irvine, Ph.D. 2007
Melberg, Julie A.
(949) 214-3295
julie.melberg@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Mathematics, Department Chair
Biography

Professor Julie Melberg joined the Concordia mathematics faculty in 2010, after teaching high school mathematics for several years. She received her Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics degree from Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio; her Master of Arts in Mathematics degree from California State Fullerton and is currently pursuing her Ph.D. in Mathematics Education from Curtin University. Professor Melberg enjoys teaching mathematics at Concordia University Irvine, teaching Core Mathematics classes as well as courses for the Mathematics major. Her teaching and research focus on inquiry-based learning and encouraging students to develop life-long thinking skills.

Education
California State University, Fullerton, M.A. 2000
Norton, John J.
(949) 214-3317
john.norton@cui.edu
Professor of English
Lead Faculty Around-the-World Semester
Biography

Dr. Norton teaches courses in Shakespearean drama, 18th-century British literature, and American literature. He also teaches in the English core curriculum. Although primarily a Shakespearean, Norton’s academic interests are wide, and he enjoys uncovering and analyzing the life in Shakespeare and other literature in his classes and in his writing. Norton’s articles have appeared in Shakespeare, Early Modern Literary Studies, and Continuum Renaissance Drama. His most recent book (2018), Killing Physicians: Shakespeare's Blind Heroes and Reformation Saints (New Reformation Press), explores the influence of Reformation theology on Shakespeare's tragedies and late plays.

Norton is one of the leaders and developers of the Around-the-World Semester. He and his family- wife Erica, sons Jack and Sheffield, and daughter Naomi- launched and helped lead ATW teams in 2010, 2012, and 2014. Through his work with the ATW semester, Norton has helped to design the Global Cultural Studies Minor and the International Studies Major.

Some of Dr. Norton’s fondest memories at Concordia are from his years as h