https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/liberal-arts/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Liberal Arts Major
Emphases
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
LIBERAL ARTS MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Faculty

As a Liberal Arts major, you have the unique opportunity to learn from professors who span a wide variety of disciplines across the university. These are just some of the faculty members from whom you may be taking classes.

Armstrong, Clinton J.
(949) 214-3407
clinton.armstrong@cui.edu
Professor of History and Theology
Degrees Earned
University of California, Irvine, CA, Ph.D. 2012
Concordia Seminary, St. Louis, MO, M.Div. 2001
Washington University, St. Louis, MO, M.A. 2001
University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, B.A. 1996
Research Interests
Greek and Latin literature; epic; Augustan poetry, especially Ovid; history of literature; ancient history of Greece and Rome; mythology; New Testament
Teaching Interests
Greek and Latin language and readings; ancient history; mythology; social history; Bible; New Testament readings
Deen, Daniel
(949) 214-3397
daniel.deen@cui.edu
Daniel Deen
Associate Professor of Philosophy

Curriculum Vitae

Education
Florida State University, PhD. 2011
California State University Long Beach, MA 2006
Concordia University, Irvine, BA 2001
Research
Area of Specialization
Philosophy of Science
Areas of Competence
Philosophy of Biology Epistemology
Science and Religion
Logic and Critical Thinking
Teaching Experience
Florida State University: Instructor - Ethical Issues and Life Choices (Summer 2009)
Rio Hondo Community College: Instructor - Introduction to Philosophy (Summer 2006; Spring 2006)
Orange Lutheran High School: Instructor—Full Responsibility - Intertestamental Period and Old Testament Books, Sophomore Level (2001/2002)
Publications
Encyclopedia Article
"Darwin and the Levels of Selection" with Brian Hollis and Christopher Zarpentine, in The Cambridge Encyclopedia of Darwin and Evolutionary Thought. Edited by Michael Ruse. Cambridge University Press (forthcoming)
Book Review
Darwin's Gift to Science and Religion by Francisco Ayala, in History and Philosophy of the Life Sciences, 2008, 30: 272-273.
Presentations
"The Unusual Relationship between Intelligent Design and Evolution; or Are Intelligent Design and Evolutionary Theory Kissing Cousins?" International Society for the History, Philosophy, and Social Studies of Biology: Brisbane, AUS; July 2009.
"Why Science and Spirituality Need Each Other: Toward a Theory of Dialogue" Zygon Student Symposium on Science and Religion: Chicago, IL; May 2009.
"Keeping It in the Family: An Exploration of the Relationship Between Intelligent Design and Evolution" Darwin's Legacy: Evolution's Impact on Science and Culture, UNCW; March 2009.
"Preliminary Remarks Towards a Complementary Model of Causation" Western Social Sciences Association: Denver, CO; April 2008.
"Modern Reflections on the Mind/Brain Problem" Western Social Sciences Association: Phoenix, AZ; April 2006.
"The Mind/Body Problem Revisited: A New Look at the Ontological Problem" with Paul Tang. Western Social Sciences Association: Albuquerque, NM April 2005.
"A Goodmanian Interpretation of the Verifiability Criterion: Paradox and Resurrection" Western Social Sciences Association: Salt Lake City, UT April 2004.
Awards and Honors
Fellowship
Integrated Training in Biology and Science (ITBaS), funded by the National Science Foundation through a grant from the History and Philosophy of Science, Engineering, and Technology Program (2009/2010).
Travel Awards
Student Travel Grants (2009, 2008)
Honors
Friends of Philosophy Scholarship for graduate studies in Philosophy (2004, 2003). Awarded by the Department of Philosophy, California State University, Long Beach.
Phi Kappa Phi
Kane-Barnese, Lindsay
(949) 214-3299
lindsay.kane-barnese@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Biochemistry
Chair - Chemistry, Biochemistry, Physics and Engineering

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese (Ph.D.) graduated from Concordia University Irvine with B.A. in Biology and a B.A. in Chemistry. She obtained her Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Dr. Kane-Barnese’s doctoral work and current research interests involve a protein involved in some cases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) or Lou Gehrig’s Disease. She teaches a variety of classes, ranging from introductory to advanced biology and chemistry courses. Dr. Kane-Barnese also advises students in research pertaining to ALS or other biochemistry or molecular biology related research. She enjoys working with students to learn complex biological and chemical topics in their classes and research and helping them explore the intersection of faith and science in their chosen field.

Education

Ph.D. - University of Calif