re. He also teaches in the English core curriculum. Although primarily a Shakespearean, Norton’s academic interests are wide, and he enjoys uncovering and analyzing the life in Shakespeare and other literature in his classes and in his writing. Norton’s articles have appeared in Shakespeare, Early Modern Literary Studies, and Continuum Renaissance Drama. His most recent book (2018), Killing Physicians: Shakespeare's Blind Heroes and Reformation Saints (New Reformation Press), explores the influence of Reformation theology on Shakespeare's tragedies and late plays.

Norton is one of the leaders and developers of the Around-the-World Semester. He and his family- wife Erica, sons Jack and Sheffield, and daughter Naomi- launched and helped lead ATW teams in 2010, 2012, and 2014. Through his work with the ATW semester, Norton has helped to design the Global Cultural Studies Minor and the International Studies Major.

Some of Dr. Norton’s fondest memories at Concordia are from his years as head coach of the men's and women's tennis teams, 2005-2010.

Education
Ph.D. - English, Sheffield Hallam University
M.A. - California State University, Fullerton
B.A. - Point Loma Nazarene University
Teaching
Shakespeare
American Literature
Seminar in English
Core English
Writing and Research
Literary Theory
Modern and Contemporary Drama
Modern and Contemporary Novel
Creative Nonfiction

Read Dr. Norton's Blog

Schultz, Jack M.
(949) 214-3325
jack.schultz@cui.edu
Professor of Anthropology

Jack M. Schultz, Ph.D. (University of Oklahoma), has multiple publications in the anthropology of religion; most notable is his book The Seminole Baptists of Oklahoma: Maintaining a Traditional Community (University of Oklahoma Press, 1999). As a practicing anthropologist, he continues to research the interplay of religion and culture.

Dr. Schultz has conducted ethnographic research among a variety of peoples including the Seminoles, Creek, Pawnee, Lakota, and Navajo nations. He has also investigated religion in Eastern Europe and Japan. In addition to his interest in religion and culture, Dr. Schultz also investigates material culture and native technologies.

As an anthropology instructor, Dr. Schultz is intentional in assisting his students to see the hidden forces of culture in their own lives, as well as in the lives of others they interact with. As globalization continues to shrink our world by putting us face-to-face with people of other traditions anthropology offers some important tools and perspectives which allow the participant to navigate their engagements with others more empathetically.

Dr. Schultz teaches a variety of classes on campus including Introduction of Cultural Anthropology, Religion in Society, Culture and Self, and Native Peoples of North America among others. He also teaches in the Christ College Cross-Cultural Ministry Center and both of our Synod’s Seminaries.

Degrees Earned
Doctor of Philosophy in Anthropology - 1995. University of Oklahoma. Specialized fields are anthropology of religion, American Indians (Southeastern and Plains), and anthropological theory.
Master of Arts, Anthropology - 1989. University of Oklahoma.
Bachelor of Arts - 1980. Concordia University, River Forest, Illinois. Concentrations in psychology and education.
Associate of Arts (with honors) - 1977. St. John's College, Winfield, Kansas. Concentration in education.
Professional Experience
July, 2003 to present: Professor of Anthropology Concordia University, Irvine, California.
July, 2009; July 2011: Guest Instructor Concordia Theological Seminary, Ft. Wayne, Indiana
March, 2008 to July, 2008: Gastprofessor, Kulturwissenschaften Leuphana Universität, Lüneburg, Germany.
July, 1999 to July, 2003: Associate Professor of Anthropology Concordia University, Irvine, California.
July, 1998 to July, 1999: Assistant Professor of Anthropology Concordia University, Irvine, California.
August, 1996 to July, 1998: Visiting Assistant Professor of Anthropology Oklahoma State University, Sociology Department.
August, 1995 to June, 1996: Visiting Assistant Professor of Anthropology University of Oklahoma, Anthropology Department.
June, 1993 to August, 1995: Adjunct Instructor University of Oklahoma, Anthropology Department.
July, 1993: Seminar Leader: Ethnic Diversity and Ministry Seminar, Argyle, Texas, presented by the Human Diversity Institute, Inc., Bedford, Texas.
August, 1989 to May, 1993: Graduate Teaching Assistant: Instructor University of Oklahoma, Anthropology Department.
March, 1990 to April, 1991: Visiting Curator Creek Nation Council House Museum, Okmulgee, Oklahoma.
September, 1989 to September, 1990: Staff Archaeologist Oklahoma Archaeological Survey, Norman.
June, 1989 to August, 1990: Adjunct Instructor University of Oklahoma, Anthropology Department.
June, 1989 to September, 1989: Research Assistant Oklahoma Archaeological Survey, Norman.
August, 1988 to December, 1988: Laboratory Assistant Courson Archaeological Lab, Norman, Oklahoma.