https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/music
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Music Major
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Minors 
Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
Music Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Pursue Your Callings in Music

Concordia University Irvine is one of the premium music learning centers in Southern California. As a music major, here are just a few of the many benefits you will have the opportunity to experience:

Exceptional teaching, practice, and rehearsal facilities
Recording studio by John Storyk, the world's foremost recording studio designer
Small conservatory size with a cooperative atmosphere
Faculty who are present daily and fully invested in your success
Curriculum that maximizes your musical and intellectual growth – emphasizing expertise in a wide range of music knowledge and music making

The Music Department trains students to improve their communities with meaningful, beautiful, and edifying musical activity. This is accomplished through coursework designed to develop broadly-skilled musicians and frequent public performances in different contexts, especially where our music can help to share the Christian faith.

APPLY NOW

Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

What Students Are Saying
My music education at Concordia was so meaningful because of the dedication of the faculty to each student's growth, the quality of the music making, the candor and loyalty of the students, the beauty of the campus, and the reward of the learning process that comes from well-structured courses. There are always life choices and experiences which we look back on and wonder if we could have had them differently; for me, Concordia is the opposite--I would not change it at all.

– Dr. Christian Guebert, ‘10

PhD, Composition - UCLA (2021)
Director of Music, Abiding Savior Lutheran Church

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Career Outcomes

Music Majors at Concordia usually graduate into the following fields:

Music Education: Local public school districts, and Lutheran schools from near and far vie for music graduates from Concordia University, who have a reputation for readiness as first-year teachers. Students who matriculate into the School of Education teaching credential program are connected with the best teachers in our area schools for student teaching, which builds networking opportunities for full-time employment once students complete their credential.

Church Music: Churches across the nation vie for music graduates from Concordia because they are extremely versatile as organists, choir/handbell directors, praise band leaders, children's music teachers, worship planners, and ministry leaders. The learning atmosphere and Christian community at Concordia is very conducive to producing some of the best church music leaders in the nation.

Commercial Music: Concordia University is known as a place where graduates are prepared for the diverse skill sets required in the music industry, and it is one of a limited set of universities that has exceptional recording studio facilities comparable to the best in the industry.

Performance: Concordia's performance majors regularly are admitted into the nation's finest graduate schools. Recent successes include enrollment and degrees in harp study at Boston Conservatory, clarinet performance at Cal State Long Beach, trumpet performance at the University of Redlands, and organ performance at the University of Washington.

Composition: Concordia's performance majors regularly are admitted into the nation's finest graduate schools. Recent successes include enrollment and degrees in the highly selective doctorate program in composition at UCLA, and master's studies at Cal State Fullerton, CSULB, and Vermont School of Fine Arts.

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Music major are employing the beauty and art of music in school districts, church halls, and further developing their musicianship in graduate studies.

Taking Western Music To China

Matt Busch '12
Professor of Trumpet, Nanhai Conservatory of Music

Matthew Busch ’12 has spent the past year as a professor of trumpet at Nanhai Conservatory of Music on the island province of Hainan, off China’s south coast. He and three other American professors were hired to educate students about the value of western music, and to improve artistic standards for orchestral wind instrument music there, which Busch has done both on and off campus.

READ STORY
Ringing Success

Alex Guebert '11
Director of Concert Handbells, Concordia University Irvine

Alex Guebert '11 is becoming a national name in handbell composition and conducting — a field he studied intensively at Concordia Irvine.

READ STORY
Music From The Soul

Gretche