rts.

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Music major are employing the beauty and art of music in school districts, church halls, and further developing their musicianship in graduate studies.

Taking Western Music To China

Matt Busch '12
Professor of Trumpet, Nanhai Conservatory of Music

Matthew Busch ’12 has spent the past year as a professor of trumpet at Nanhai Conservatory of Music on the island province of Hainan, off China’s south coast. He and three other American professors were hired to educate students about the value of western music, and to improve artistic standards for orchestral wind instrument music there, which Busch has done both on and off campus.

READ STORY
Ringing Success

Alex Guebert '11
Director of Concert Handbells, Concordia University Irvine

Alex Guebert '11 is becoming a national name in handbell composition and conducting — a field he studied intensively at Concordia Irvine.

READ STORY
Music From The Soul

Gretchen Sheetz '14
Master's Student

“It is because of my alma mater that I aspire to be an excellent player, and a person of character and kindness whose music emanates from the soul." Gretchen Sheetz received her master's degree in harp performance from The Boston Conservatory.

READ STORY
Bringing Back The Music

Catherine Standridge ’13
Instrumental Music Instructor, Orange County Unified School District

Catherine Standridge studied music education at Concordia University Irvine, earning her degree and her teaching credential. Her student-teaching assignment led to a full-time job and an opportunity to help restore music education to an entire school district.

READ STORY
Opportunities For Music Majors

Performing and teaching are the two most common careers in music, but there is a breadth of career possibilities that spans from Accompanist to summer camp Music Director and everything in between. Concordia prepares all Music majors to teach the art of making music.

Academic Opportunities

As a Music major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, or double major. Many Concordia students who major in other fields also choose to complete their elective requirements with a formal program of study in music with a music minor.

Applied Music Program
Director of Parish Music Minor
Music Minor
Musical Theatre Minor
President’s Academic Showcase
Worship Arts Leadership Minor
Tours

Each year, during the May term, Concordia supports an international music ensemble tour. The cost for student performers is only approximately 25% of the actual cost of the trip.

Italy: Concordia Choir (2014)
Australia: Spirit Bells and Concert Handbells (2015)
Austria: Donne di Canto and Men’s Chorus (2016)
Germany for 500th anniversary of Reformation: Concordia Choir and Sinfonietta (2017)
Performance Groups

Enduring friendships and lifelong memories are formed through participation in Concordia’s top music ensembles. They are not restricted to the top music major performers. Instead, they include any student who wants life enrichment through performance excellence and music ministry. Many proudly take on the title of "honorary music major"! Find out more information about Concordia's performance groups.

4 Choirs
2 Orchestras
2 Jazz ensembles
1 American folk ensemble
4 Handbell ensembles
1 Commercial music ensemble
Numerous chamber music ensembles
Numerous praise and worship bands

MUSIC PERFORMANCE CALENDAR

Scholarships

Music majors have a tremendous opportunity to apply for scholarships at Concordia University Irvine. In fact, students accepting Music scholarships enjoy some of the largest financial aid packages that we offer – ranging from 40% to over 100% off of tuition! We strongly encourage those who are interested in pursuing Music at Concordia to: 1) achieve academically, 2) audition confidently, and 3) complete the FAFSA to be eligible for need-based aid. Doing all three will maximize your award.

MUSIC SCHOLARSHIP INTEREST FORM

 

Please fill out this online form to introduce yourself to us. It will take 5-10 minutes to complete. Note: You cannot save and return to this form. Be prepared to complete it in one sitting.

Curriculum

The Music Major consists of 54 units of required coursework. Additional coursework, grouped in concentrations ranging from 13-18 units, is available to music majors who want to study a specialization even deeper.

Building on core competencies in musical studies, you may choose from 7 areas of specialization:

Church Music
Commercial Music
Composition
Instrumental Performance
Piano Performance
Pre-Teacher Certification (Music Education)
Vocal Performance
MUSIC SAMPLE COURSES
MUS 201: Music Theory I
3

As a beginning study of the craft of music for music majors and minors or general students with considerable musical experience, this course will include the study and application of scales, intervals, triads, rhythms, and elementary chord progression through analysis and writing. Co-requisites: Normally t