is online form to introduce yourself to us. It will take 5-10 minutes to complete. Note: You cannot save and return to this form. Be prepared to complete it in one sitting.

Curriculum

The Music Major consists of 54 units of required coursework. Additional coursework, grouped in concentrations ranging from 13-18 units, is available to music majors who want to study a specialization even deeper.

Building on core competencies in musical studies, you may choose from 7 areas of specialization:

Church Music
Commercial Music
Composition
Instrumental Performance
Piano Performance
Pre-Teacher Certification (Music Education)
Vocal Performance
MUSIC SAMPLE COURSES
MUS 201: Music Theory I
3

As a beginning study of the craft of music for music majors and minors or general students with considerable musical experience, this course will include the study and application of scales, intervals, triads, rhythms, and elementary chord progression through analysis and writing. Co-requisites: Normally taken concurrently with MUS 211. Recommended MUS 102 or other training in the fundamentals of musical notation. A class fee is required to cover the cost of concert attendance.


MUS 202: Music Theory II
3

Continuation of MUS 201, this course will study seventh chords, modulation and basic musical forms through analysis and composition of four-part textures. Prerequisite: Should be taken concurrently with MUS 212.


MUS 211: Aural Skills I
1

This course will provide students with the training and tools that will aid in the development of sight-singing, dictation, and basic keyboard skills that support basic concepts as they learn to hear and identify basic harmonic (intervals, triads, and chord progressions) and rhythmic and melodic materials using the moveable-do solfege system.


MUS 212: Aural Skills II
1

A continuation of MUS 211. Prerequisite: Should be taken concurrently with MUS 202.


MUS 221: Beginning Conducting
2

As a beginning study in the craft of conducting, this course will include the basic beat patterns, preparatory and release gestures, and simple non-verbal stylistic cues. Students will conduct a musical ensemble composed of class members.


MUS 331: Music History I: Antiquity through Bach
3

Survey the development of art music in Western history from antiquity through the baroque period, including the social functions of music and the relationship between secular and ecclesiastical, and vocal and instrumental music. This course addresses the question, "Why Art?" in the general education curriculum.


MUS 332: Music History II: Classical Period through Early-Twentieth Century
3

This survey course will look at the development of art music in Western history from the early classical period to the present, including the social functions of music, the relationship between secular and ecclesiastical music, and vocal and instrumental music. Prerequisite: MUS 202 or instructor approval. Offered alternate years.


MUSIC MAJOR CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

Studying at Concordia means that you have access to one of the best undergraduate church music faculties on the West Coast, some of the most accomplished studio and recital musicians in Southern California, and professors who exhibit excellence in ensemble leadership and teaching.

Tom Mueller
Professor of Church Music, Department Chair

Music professor and university organist Tom Mueller was recently named to the “20 Under 30” list of Prominent American Musicians, or 20 American musicians under the age of 30, by The Diapason, an international music journal focusing on musicians who play the organ, harpsichord, and carillon. A faculty member at Concordia University Irvine since January 2015, Mueller teaches organ, jazz, and composition. In addition, he serves as the assistant organist at St. James’ Church in Los Angeles.

Jeff Held
Assistant Dean - School of Arts & Sciences, Director of Arts Activities, Professor of Music, Director of Instrumental Activities

Dr. Held received the Doctor of Musical Arts in Music Education from Boston University. He joined the faculty of Concordia University in 2005 and as an expert on the application of instrumental music in worship, established most of the existing orchestral instrument program at the University. Dr. Held is the music director of both the Concordia Wind Orchestra and the Concordia Sinfonietta, as well as Director of Arts Activities and Assistant Dean for the College of Arts and Sciences (music, theatre, and art).

Michael Busch
Professor of Music, Director of Choral and Vocal Activities

Dr. Michael Busch serves as Director of Choral and Vocal Activities at Concordia University, while also teaching in the areas of conducting, music theory, and choral methods.  It is his great joy to share his passion for music and to mentor young people desiring to serve as music educators and church musicians.  As the conductor of the Concordia Choir and Concordia Master Chorale, groups under his direction have performed 