 the Doctor of Musical Arts in Music Education from Boston University. He joined the faculty of Concordia University in 2005 and as an expert on the application of instrumental music in worship, established most of the existing orchestral instrument program at the University. Dr. Held is the music director of both the Concordia Wind Orchestra and the Concordia Sinfonietta, as well as Director of Arts Activities and Assistant Dean for the College of Arts and Sciences (music, theatre, and art).

Michael Busch
Professor of Music, Director of Choral and Vocal Activities

Dr. Michael Busch serves as Director of Choral and Vocal Activities at Concordia University, while also teaching in the areas of conducting, music theory, and choral methods.  It is his great joy to share his passion for music and to mentor young people desiring to serve as music educators and church musicians.  As the conductor of the Concordia Choir and Concordia Master Chorale, groups under his direction have performed throughout the United States, as well as Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Hungary, Canada, Brazil, Argentina, and Italy.  Dr. Busch is active as a choral clinician and workshop leader and served on boards for the American Choral Director’s Association (ACDA) and Association of Lutheran Church Musicians (ALCM).  He has over 30 years of service in the church and additionally acts as Director of Classic Worship at St. Andrew’s in Newport Beach.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

MUSIC FACULTY
TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Music major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Music Office
Concordia University Irvine
music@cui.edu
(949) 214-3419

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

