https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/music
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Music Major
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Minors 
Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
Music Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Pursue Your Callings in Music

Concordia University Irvine is one of the premium music learning centers in Southern California. As a music major, here are just a few of the many benefits you will have the opportunity to experience:

Exceptional teaching, practice, and rehearsal facilities
Recording studio by John Storyk, the world's foremost recording studio designer
Small conservatory size with a cooperative atmosphere
Faculty who are present daily and fully invested in your success
Curriculum that maximizes your musical and intellectual growth – emphasizing expertise in a wide range of music knowledge and music making

The Music Department trains students to improve their communities with meaningful, beautiful, and edifying musical activity. This is accomplished through coursework designed to develop broadly-skilled musicians and frequent public performances in different contexts, especially where our music can help to share the Christian faith.

APPLY NOW

Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

What Students Are Saying
My music education at Concordia was so meaningful because of the dedication of the faculty to each student's growth, the quality of the music making, the candor and loyalty of the students, the beauty of the campus, and the reward of the learning process that comes from well-structured courses. There are always life choices and experiences which we look back on and wonder if we could have had them differently; for me, Concordia is the opposite--I would not change it at all.

– Dr. Christian Guebert, ‘10

PhD, Composition - UCLA (2021)
Director of Music, Abiding Savior Lutheran Church

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Career Outcomes

Music Majors at Concordia usually graduate into the following fields:

Music Education: Local public school districts, and Lutheran schools from near and far vie for music graduates from Concordia University, who have a reputation for readiness as first-year teachers. Students who matriculate into the School of Education teaching credential program are connected with the best teachers in our area schools for student teaching, which builds networking opportunities for full-time employment once students complete their credential.

Church Music: Churches across the nation vie for music graduates from Concordia because they are extremely versatile as organists, choir/handbell directors, praise band leaders, children's music teachers, worship planners, and ministry leaders. The learning atmosphere and Christian community at Concordia is very conducive to producing some of the best church music leaders in the nation.

Commercial Music: Concordia University is known as a place where graduates are prepared for the diverse skill sets required in the music industry, and it is one of a limited set of universities that has exceptional recording studio facilities comparable to the best in the industry.

Performance: Concordia's performance majors regularly are admitted into the nation's finest graduate schools. Recent successes include enrollment and degrees in harp study at Boston Conservatory, clarinet performance at Cal State Long Beach, trumpet performance at the University of Redlands, and organ performance at the University of Washington.

Composition: Concordia's performance majors regularly are admitted into the nation's finest graduate schools. Recent successes include enrollment and degrees in the highly selective doctorate program in composition at UCLA, and master's studies at Cal State Fullerton, CSULB, and Vermont School of Fine Arts.

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Music major are employing the beauty and art of music in school districts, church halls, and further developing their musicianship in graduate studies.

Taking Western Music To China

Matt Busch '12
Professor of Trumpet, Nanhai Conservatory of Music

Matthew Busch ’12 has spent the past year as a professor of trumpet at Nanhai Conservatory of Music on the island province of Hainan, off China’s south coast. He and three other American professors were hired to educate students about the value of western music, and to improve artistic standards for orchestral wind instrument music there, which Busch has done both on and off campus.

READ STORY
Ringing Success

Alex Guebert '11
Director of Concert Handbells, Concordia University Irvine

Alex Guebert '11 is becoming a national name in handbell composition and conducting — a field he studied intensively at Concordia Irvine.

READ STORY
Music From The Soul

Gretchen Sheetz '14
Master's Student

“It is because of my alma mater that I aspire to be an excellent player, and a person of character and kindness whose music emanates from the soul." Gretchen Sheetz received her master's degree in harp performance from The Boston Conservatory.

READ STORY
Bringing Back The Music

Catherine Standridge ’13
Instrumental Music Instructor, Orange County Unified School District

Catherine Standridge studied music education at Concordia University Irvine, earning her degree and her teaching credential. Her student-teaching assignment led to a full-time job and an opportunity to help restore music education to an entire school district.

READ STORY
Opportunities For Music Majors

Performing and teaching are the two most common careers in music, but there is a breadth of career possibilities that spans from Accompanist to summer camp Music Director and everything in between. Concordia prepares all Music majors to teach the art of making music.

Academic Opportunities

As a Music major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, or double major. Many Concordia students who major in other fields also choose to complete their elective requirements with a formal program of study in music with a music minor.

Applied Music Program
Director of Parish Music Minor
Music Minor
Musical Theatre Minor
President’s Academic Showcase
Worship Arts Leadership Minor
Tours

Each year, during the May term, Concordia supports an international music ensemble tour. The cost for student performers is only approximately 25% of the actual cost of the trip.

Italy: Concordia Choir (2014)
Australia: Spirit Bells and Concert Handbells (2015)
Austria: Donne di Canto and Men’s Chorus (2016)
Germany for 500th anniversary of Reformation: Concordia Choir and Sinfonietta (2017)
Performance Groups

Enduring friendships and lifelong memories are formed through participation in Concordia’s top music ensembles. They are not restricted to the top music major performers. Instead, they include any student who wants life enrichment through performance excellence and music ministry. Many proudly take on the title of "honorary music major"! Find out more information about Concordia's performance groups.

4 Choirs
2 Orchestras
2 Jazz ensembles
1 American folk ensemble
4 Handbell ensembles
1 Commercial music ensemble
Numerous chamber music ensembles
Numerous praise and worship bands

MUSIC PERFORMANCE CALENDAR

Scholarships

Music majors have a tremendous opportunity to apply for scholarships at Concordia University Irvine. In fact, students accepting Music scholarships enjoy some of the largest financial aid packages that we offer – ranging from 40% to over 100% off of tuition! We strongly encourage those who are interested in pursuing Music at Concordia to: 1) achieve academically, 2) audition confidently, and 3) complete the FAFSA to be eligible for need-based aid. Doing all three will maximize your award.

MUSIC SCHOLARSHIP INTEREST FORM

 

Please fill out this online form to introduce yourself to us. It will take 5-10 minutes to complete. Note: You cannot save and return to this form. Be prepared to complete it in one sitting.

Curriculum

The Music Major consists of 54 units of required coursework. Additional coursework, grouped in concentrations ranging from 13-18 units, is available to music majors who want to study a specialization even deeper.

Building on core competencies in musical studies, you may choose from 7 areas of specialization:

Church Music
Commercial Music
Composition
Instrumental Performance
Piano Performance
Pre-Teacher Certification (Music Education)
Vocal Performance
MUSIC SAMPLE COURSES
MUS 201: Music Theory I
3

As a beginning study of the craft of music for music majors and minors or general students with considerable musical experience, this course will include the study and application of scales, intervals, triads, rhythms, and elementary chord progression through analysis and writing. Co-requisites: Normally taken concurrently with MUS 211. Recommended MUS 102 or other training in the fundamentals of musical notation. A class fee is required to cover the cost of concert attendance.


MUS 202: Music Theory II
3

Continuation of MUS 201, this course will study seventh chords, modulation and basic musical forms through analysis and composition of four-part textures. Prerequisite: Should be taken concurrently with MUS 212.


MUS 211: Aural Skills I
1

This course will provide students with the training and tools that will aid in the development of sight-singing, dictation, and basic keyboard skills that support basic concepts as they learn to hear and identify basic harmonic (intervals, triads, and chord progressions) and rhythmic and melodic materials using the moveable-do solfege system.


MUS 212: Aural Skills II
1

A continuation of MUS 211. Prerequisite: Should be taken concurrently with MUS 202.


MUS 221: Beginning Conducting
2

As a beginning study in the craft of conducting, this course will include the basic beat patterns, preparatory and release gestures, and simple non-verbal stylistic cues. Students will conduct a musical ensemble composed of class members.


MUS 331: Music History I: Antiquity through Bach
3

Survey the development of art music in Western history from antiquity through the baroque period, including the social functions of music and the relationship between secular and ecclesiastical, and vocal and instrumental music. This course addresses the question, "Why Art?" in the general education curriculum.


MUS 332: Music History II: Classical Period through Early-Twentieth Century
3

This survey course will look at the development of art music in Western history from the early classical period to the present, including the social functions of music, the relationship between secular and ecclesiastical music, and vocal and instrumental music. Prerequisite: MUS 202 or instructor approval. Offered alternate years.


MUSIC MAJOR CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

Studying at Concordia means that you have access to one of the best undergraduate church music faculties on the West Coast, some of the most accomplished studio and recital musicians in Southern California, and professors who exhibit excellence in ensemble leadership and teaching.

Tom Mueller
Professor of Church Music, Department Chair

Music professor and university organist Tom Mueller was recently named to the “20 Under 30” list of Prominent American Musicians, or 20 American musicians under the age of 30, by The Diapason, an international music journal focusing on musicians who play the organ, harpsichord, and carillon. A faculty member at Concordia University Irvine since January 2015, Mueller teaches organ, jazz, and composition. In addition, he serves as the assistant organist at St. James’ Church in Los Angeles.

Jeff Held
Assistant Dean - School of Arts & Sciences, Director of Arts Activities, Professor of Music, Director of Instrumental Activities

Dr. Held received the Doctor of Musical Arts in Music Education from Boston University. He joined the faculty of Concordia University in 2005 and as an expert on the application of instrumental music in worship, established most of the existing orchestral instrument program at the University. Dr. Held is the music director of both the Concordia Wind Orchestra and the Concordia Sinfonietta, as well as Director of Arts Activities and Assistant Dean for the College of Arts and Sciences (music, theatre, and art).

Michael Busch
Professor of Music, Director of Choral and Vocal Activities

Dr. Michael Busch serves as Director of Choral and Vocal Activities at Concordia University, while also teaching in the areas of conducting, music theory, and choral methods.  It is his great joy to share his passion for music and to mentor young people desiring to serve as music educators and church musicians.  As the conductor of the Concordia Choir and Concordia Master Chorale, groups under his direction have performed throughout the United States, as well as Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Hungary, Canada, Brazil, Argentina, and Italy.  Dr. Busch is active as a choral clinician and workshop leader and served on boards for the American Choral Director’s Association (ACDA) and Association of Lutheran Church Musicians (ALCM).  He has over 30 years of service in the church and additionally acts as Director of Classic Worship at St. Andrew’s in Newport Beach.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

MUSIC FACULTY
TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Music major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Music Office
Concordia University Irvine
music@cui.edu
(949) 214-3419

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

