https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/lutheran-teaching
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Lutheran Teaching Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Lutheran Teaching Minor
CHRIST COLLEGE
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

If you have a heart for Jesus and a passion for the ministry of teaching in a Lutheran school, consider a minor in Lutheran teaching. Paired with an appropriate major and a teaching credential, it prepares you to teach in Lutheran schools at either the elementary or secondary level. Successful completion of the Christ College certification requirements makes you eligible for a call to teach at a Lutheran school. Upon graduation, Christ College will connect you with Lutheran schools where you can teach.

Those who want to teach at the elementary level are best prepared by being a Liberal Studies major.
Future high school teachers will major in a state-approved single subject content area such as English, history, or physics.

Undergraduates who wish to become Lutheran Teachers must apply to the Christ College Church Work program prior to declaring the Lutheran Teacher minor. Students in Lutheran teaching programs must also complete the requirements for a California teaching credential. Your teaching assignments will include both public school settings and Lutheran schools.

Scholarships for LCMS Church Vocations Students

We are proud to offer a generous scholarship for qualifying LCMS church vocations students.

LEARN MORE

Alumni Testimony
One piece of advice that I would give students who are interested in Concordia University Irvine is to get ready to play your part in the Great Commission. Because regardless of what profession you choose, you’ll be challenged to make a difference in the world for Christ.

Stephen Puls '12

Read Stephen's story »

Curriculum

The Lutheran Teaching minor is offered through Christ College and has additional requirements. For more information about the Lutheran Teaching Ministry program please contact Dr. Cari Chittick.

The purpose of Christ College is to enable students to understand, communicate, teach, defend, and believe the Christian faith through systematic inquiry of the Bible, the doctrines of the church, and other statements of faith. Christ College also equips students for professional church vocations in their chosen field.

LUTHERAN TEACHING MINOR
21 Units
CCI 103: Introduction to Ministry
1

This course will explore Christian vocations including the possibility of full-time professional church work in The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS) as pastor, deaconess, teacher, director of Christian education, or director of parish music and examine these positions in the context of the church-at-large and local congregations. The professional and personal growth and formation of the future church worker will be described and fostered.

CCI 113: Seminar in Teaching Ministry
2

This seminar course is for students pursuing the vocation of teacher in The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS). Participants will explore areas of interest and concern that pertain specifically to teachers. The role of Lutheran teachers will be examined in the context of the church-at-large and the local congregation. The professional and personal growth and formation of the future Lutheran teacher will be described and fostered. Students in the Lutheran teaching program must take one (1) seminar course per year, normally in the semester they are not taking CCI 103 or CCI 305. Repeatable. Prerequisite: Program acceptance or consent of instructor.

CCI 305: Called to Teach the Faith
3

All Christian ministers teach the faith in their various callings. This course will equip future ministers to properly apply Law and Gospel in a variety of educational contexts, to theologically evaluate curricula, and to participate in effective faith formation. Students are personally and professionally prepared for full-time ministry through topics such as the local and national church, the call process, Christian professionalism and ethics, and through spiritual and personal health. This class will also address income tax, social security, and financial planning for called ministers. Prerequisites: Acceptance into an LCMS church vocations program; completion of THL 371 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or consent of the instructor.


THL 201: History and Literature of the Old Testament
3

This course will investigate the literature of the Old Testament in light of its cultural and canonical contexts with an emphasis on its major theological questions and themes and their relevance for Christian faith and life.


THL 304: History of the Christian Church
3

This course will survey the origin and development of the Christian church through the examination of its political and cultural contexts and influences with special consideration given to theological themes which surfaced at different times and places throughout the history of the Christian church, culminating with 21st century trends in fundamentalism, evangelicalism, and ecumenism.


THL 371: Christian Doctrine and Confessions I
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover theological method, revelation and Scripture, Law and Gospel, the Triune God and His attributes, humanity and sin, and the person and work of Jesus Christ as the God-man, with an emphasis on key biblical material and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions.


THL 372: Christian Doctrine and Confessions II
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover the work of Christ, the person and the work of the Holy Spirit, the church and eschatology with an emphasis on key biblical materials and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions. Prerequisite: THL 371.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

*LCMS students pursuing Lutheran Teaching certification must maintain a 2.5 cumulative grade point average (GPA) in all coursework and a 2.8 cumulative GPA in required Christ College courses. Students must receive at least a C- in courses required for LCMS certification. Once you have successfully completed all requirements, you will be considered for recommendation by the faculty for certification by the LCMS.

Alumni Awards
Great Commission Showcase Winner

Taylor Holland (Kelso) '17, the 2016-2017 Great Commission Showcase winner, discovered her new life goals through an unexpected medical emergency.

READ ARTICLE
Placement

Candidates for the Lutheran Teaching Certificate are placed in schools and congregations through the office of Lutheran Placement. High schools and congregations from many regions of the country call Concordia in search of a good candidate to fulfill their congregational and classroom ministry needs. The Placement Director matches the church’s needs with candidates ready to serve.

Lutheran Teaching Program

If you have any questions about the Lutheran Teaching Program, please contact the Director, Dr. Cari Chittick.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

