effective faith formation. Students are personally and professionally prepared for full-time ministry through topics such as the local and national church, the call process, Christian professionalism and ethics, and through spiritual and personal health. This class will also address income tax, social security, and financial planning for called ministers. Prerequisites: Acceptance into an LCMS church vocations program; completion of THL 371 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or consent of the instructor.


THL 201: History and Literature of the Old Testament
3

This course will investigate the literature of the Old Testament in light of its cultural and canonical contexts with an emphasis on its major theological questions and themes and their relevance for Christian faith and life.


THL 304: History of the Christian Church
3

This course will survey the origin and development of the Christian church through the examination of its political and cultural contexts and influences with special consideration given to theological themes which surfaced at different times and places throughout the history of the Christian church, culminating with 21st century trends in fundamentalism, evangelicalism, and ecumenism.


THL 371: Christian Doctrine and Confessions I
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover theological method, revelation and Scripture, Law and Gospel, the Triune God and His attributes, humanity and sin, and the person and work of Jesus Christ as the God-man, with an emphasis on key biblical material and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions.


THL 372: Christian Doctrine and Confessions II
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover the work of Christ, the person and the work of the Holy Spirit, the church and eschatology with an emphasis on key biblical materials and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions. Prerequisite: THL 371.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

*LCMS students pursuing Lutheran Teaching certification must maintain a 2.5 cumulative grade point average (GPA) in all coursework and a 2.8 cumulative GPA in required Christ College courses. Students must receive at least a C- in courses required for LCMS certification. Once you have successfully completed all requirements, you will be considered for recommendation by the faculty for certification by the LCMS.

Alumni Awards
Great Commission Showcase Winner

Taylor Holland (Kelso) '17, the 2016-2017 Great Commission Showcase winner, discovered her new life goals through an unexpected medical emergency.

READ ARTICLE
Placement

Candidates for the Lutheran Teaching Certificate are placed in schools and congregations through the office of Lutheran Placement. High schools and congregations from many regions of the country call Concordia in search of a good candidate to fulfill their congregational and classroom ministry needs. The Placement Director matches the church’s needs with candidates ready to serve.

Lutheran Teaching Program

If you have any questions about the Lutheran Teaching Program, please contact the Director, Dr. Cari Chittick.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

