cal and chemical topics in their classes and research and helping them explore the intersection of faith and science in their chosen field.

Education

Ph.D. - University of California, Los Angeles, 2010

Karam, Sarah
(949) 214-3301
sarah.karam@cui.edu
Professor of Biology

Dr. Sarah Karam (Ph.D.) graduated from Concordia Irvine, in 2004 with a B.A. in Biology. She then earned a M.S. in Natural Resources & Environmental Science and a Ph.D. in Ecology, Evolution, & Conservation Biology from the University of Nevada, Reno. Her graduate research focused on interactions between plants, fire, and the greater environment in two beautiful locations: Lake Tahoe and Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge in the Mojave Desert. Her current research focuses on how humans influence the distribution of native plants around Concordia Irvine. In addition to her teaching and research in the biology department, she also serves as faculty-in-residence for the Honors Living Learning Community. Living in this community provides the opportunity to extend conversations she has with students in the classroom.

Education
Ph.D. - University of Nevada, Reno, 2013
M.S. - University of Nevada, Reno, 2011
Kenney, John W.
 
john.kenney@cui.edu
Professor Emeritus of Chemical Physics
Biography

Dr. Kenney is an award winning teacher and scholar noted for his contributions to both chemical education and to chemistry / chemical physics research. He is known for his passionate, enthusiastic, energetic, and innovative hands-on teaching style, for the depth and rigor of his classes, for his involvement of students in high-level scientific research, and for his ability to transform the lives of his students and inspire them to achieve their professional and personal goals. “There’s nothing more spectacular than getting a privileged view of God’s creative genius, either at the microscopic scale or the cosmological scale,” states Kenney.

Education
University of Utah, Salt Lake City, Ph.D. 1979
Moscati, Tony
949-214-3296
tony.moscati@cui.edu
Part-time Resident Faculty, Physics
Soper, Rod
(949) 214-3304
rod.soper@cui.edu
Professor of Biology

Dr. Roderick Soper (M.S., Ph.D.) has been at Concordia University for 20 years and has a background in large mammal nutrition and wildlife and fisheries ecology. Prior to coming to Concordia, Dr. Soper was a biologist and manager of environmental affairs for private consulting firms and worked as an in-house environmentalist for telecommunication companies. He has worked on endangered species (plant and animal) habitat restoration, wetland biology mitigation, riparian habitat management and wide variety of species-specific projects. Currently, Dr. Soper has taken an interest in the history and philosophy of science focusing primarily on epistemological questions and the interaction of faith and science issues.

Education

Ph.D. - Curtin University, Perth, Western Australia, 2009

Von dem Bussche, Mary
949-214-3303
mary.vondembussche@cui.edu
Part-time Resident Faculty of Biology

Dr. Mary von dem Bussche (Ph.D.) graduated from the University of California at Berkeley with a B.S. in Molecular and Cell Biology, with an emphasis in Neurobiology, and a minor in Spanish. She obtained her doctorate in the Neurosciences from the University of California at San Diego. Her research focused on learning and memory in the adult mammalian cortex. Dr. von dem Bussche teaches introductory biology courses at Concordia University and is compelled by how the biological sciences reveal God's creation.

Zarubin, Tyler
949-214-3302
tyler.zarubin@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Biology, Director CUI Heritage Garden

Professor Tyler Zarubin (M.S.) graduated from the University of California at San Diego with a B.S. in Ecology, Behavior, and Evolution, and a minor in Latin American Studies. He earned his M.S. in Zoology from Colorado State University, where his research focused on elucidating the biological function of Crustacean hyperglycemic hormone. Professor Zarubin has an extensive background in education, most recently at Sage Hill School, where he taught several advanced biology courses, led international travel courses, and developed opportunities for student research in molecular genetics. He enjoys the opportunity to share his love of the natural world with students, but also engage with and guide them in scientific research, and bring his love of Jesus and his love of science into the classroom where a deeper understanding of the Creator and His creation will flourish. Professor Zarubin also serves as the Director of the CUI Heritage Garden, where students, faculty, and the local community have the opportunity to ecosystem gardening.

Talk to a Professor

Connect with a Concordia professor in real-time. Get answers to your questions and learn more about our curriculum.

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more infor