https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/biology/bachelor-science
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Biology Major
Bachelor of Science
Bachelor of Arts
Minor
Medical Science Professions Program
Faculty
Get Started
BIOLOGY: BACHELOR OF SCIENCE DEGREE
Bachelor of Science: Biology
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE: BIOLOGY
70 Total Units
BIO 111: General Biology I
4

This general biology course will examine major principles in biology at the molecular, cellular, and organism levels. Topics include cellular structure, metabolism processes, genetics, DNA function and genome expression, the origin of life and evolutionary principles, biotechnology, and molecular biology. The course emphasizes laboratory techniques, scientific writing, and the application of biological principles toward interpretation of case studies. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Typically offered each semester.

BIO 112: General Biology II
4

As a continuation of BIO 111, this general biology course examines major principles in biology at the organism, population, and ecosystem levels. Topics include the structure, function, and behavior of animals and plants, evolutionary mechanisms, population dynamics, and ecological interactions. The course emphasizes laboratory techniques, scientific writing, and the application of biological principles toward interpretation of case studies. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (spring semester).

BIO 350: Molecular and Cellular Biology
4

A study of plant and animal molecular and cellular structures, biochemistry, and function is included in this course with an emphasis on the molecular level of cells, cellular metabolism, and the structure and function of the major organelles. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 111, BIO 112, CHE 221) and (CHE 222 or SCI 115; or concurrent enrollment) or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 355: Biostatistics
3

This course will introduce statistical analysis concepts and methods necessary for the interpretation of biological data in including a hands-on experience with computational methods and biological interpretation rather than statistical theory. Computer lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 496: Research in Biology
2

This course will require students to apply research methods and skills in the field of biology towards the completion of original student-conducted research. This course may require library research, field and/or laboratory research, and statistical analysis to be completed under the supervision of a faculty advisor. Independent lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in SCI 495or consent of instructor. Course may be taken for a range of units (0.5-2 units per semester), offered each semester.

BIO 499: Senior Thesis
1

A culmination of original student-conducted scientific research resulting in a formal written report, a public seminar-style oral presentation, and public poster presentation. Prerequisite: C- or better in SCI 495 and 2 units of BIO 496 or consent of instructor; restricted to seniors. Typically offered each semester.

CHE 222: Chemistry II
4

The major topics of this course will include solubility products, chemical thermodynamics, chemical kinetics, and qualitative analysis. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 221.


CHE 321: Organic Chemistry I
4

This course will examine the fundamental concepts relating to organic compounds with an emphasis on structure, nomenclature, theory, bonding, stereochemistry, reaction mechanisms, and physical and chemical properties of the principle classes of compounds. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 222.


CHE 322: Organic Chemistry II
4

This course will focus on aromaticity, advanced synthesis and reaction mechanisms, kinetics, organometallic chemistry, and bio-organic chemistry. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 321.


MTH 272: Calculus II
4

A continuation of MTH 271, this course will include a study of methods of integration, applied to algebraic and transcendental functions. Solids of revolution, definite and indefinite integrals, Taylor polynomials, sequences and series, will be studied including applications using calculus to solve problems. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 271 or acceptable AP examination credit.
