https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/biology/bachelor-arts
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Biology Major
Bachelor of Science
Bachelor of Arts
Minor
Medical Science Professions Program
Faculty
Get Started
BIOLOGY: BACHELOR OF ARTS DEGREE
Bachelor of Arts: Biology
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
BACHELOR OF ARTS: BIOLOGY
50 Total Units
BIO 111: General Biology I
4

This general biology course will examine major principles in biology at the molecular, cellular, and organism levels. Topics include cellular structure, metabolism processes, genetics, DNA function and genome expression, the origin of life and evolutionary principles, biotechnology, and molecular biology. The course emphasizes laboratory techniques, scientific writing, and the application of biological principles toward interpretation of case studies. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Typically offered each semester.

BIO 112: General Biology II
4

As a continuation of BIO 111, this general biology course examines major principles in biology at the organism, population, and ecosystem levels. Topics include the structure, function, and behavior of animals and plants, evolutionary mechanisms, population dynamics, and ecological interactions. The course emphasizes laboratory techniques, scientific writing, and the application of biological principles toward interpretation of case studies. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (spring semester).

BIO 499: Senior Thesis
1

A culmination of original student-conducted scientific research resulting in a formal written report, a public seminar-style oral presentation, and public poster presentation. Prerequisite: C- or better in SCI 495 and 2 units of BIO 496 or consent of instructor; restricted to seniors. Typically offered each semester.

CHE 222: Chemistry II
4

The major topics of this course will include solubility products, chemical thermodynamics, chemical kinetics, and qualitative analysis. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 221.


SCI 455: History and Philosophy of Science
3

This course will introduce the philosophic nature of science with a literary review of philosophic issues associated with the epistemological and historical development of science starting with ancient Greece through today. Cross listed with HST 455. Prerequisite: CBIO 101 or consent of instructor. Typically offered every spring semester.


BIO 350: Molecular and Cellular Biology
4

A study of plant and animal molecular and cellular structures, biochemistry, and function is included in this course with an emphasis on the molecular level of cells, cellular metabolism, and the structure and function of the major organelles. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 111, BIO 112, CHE 221) and (CHE 222 or SCI 115; or concurrent enrollment) or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

Choose 1 of the following options:
SCI 495: Research Methods
1

This course will introduce basic techniques in laboratory research, experimental design, library databases, review of peer-reviewed literature, and quantitative and qualitative analyses. Students will compose a research proposal intended to guide future original student-conducted research. Interdisciplinary topics are included. Prerequisite: Sixteen (16) units of major courses or consent of instructor. Typically offered each semester.


AND

BIO 496: Research in Biology
2

This course will require students to apply research methods and skills in the field of biology towards the completion of original student-conducted research. This course may require library research, field and/or laboratory research, and statistical analysis to be completed under the supervision of a faculty advisor. Independent lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in SCI 495or consent of instructor. Course may be taken for a range of units (0.5-2 units per semester), offered each semester.

OR
BIO 490: Internship: Biology
3

This course is an intense, practical, full- or part-time experience outside the classroom that is an integral part of a professional program, contributing significantly to the student's preparation for entrance into a profession. Approximately forty (40) contact hours are required for each unit of credit. Each department may limit the maximum number of internship credit.

 

Choose one of the following courses:
BIO 308: Molecular Genetics
4

This course will introduce the basic principles of molecular genetics focused on prokaryotic and euka