https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/classical-education
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Classical Education Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Classical Education Minor
CHRIST COLLEGE
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
CLASSICAL EDUCATION MINOR
24 Units
CCI 390: Practicum: Classical Academy
1

HST 491: Advanced Topics in History
3

This research-oriented course will allow advanced students to study one aspect of history in depth with a view towards either graduate study or a project for the President's Academic Showcase for Undergraduate Research. May repeat 4 times for credit and 12 units may be used to fulfill major/minor requirements.


Choose one of the following pairs
GREEK PAIRING
GRE 101: Greek I
4

This course will study the fundamentals of the ancient Greek language including morphology, syntax, and vocabulary for reading simple passages of Greek prose.

GRE 102: Greek 2
4

A continuation of GRE 101. Prerequisite: GRE 101 or equivalent with a grade of C- or better.

GRE 301: Greek Readings
3

Readings of selected portions of the ancient Greek Biblical and classical texts with special emphasis on building translation skills through a review of morphology and syntax as well as the acquisition of the new vocabulary. Prerequisites: C- or better in GRE 101, GRE 102. May be repeated for credit.

LATIN PAIRING
LAT 101: Fundamentals of Latin I
4

This course will study the fundamentals of the Latin language including morphology, syntax, and vocabulary for reading simple passages of Latin prose and poetry.


LAT 102: Fundamentals of Latin II
4

A continuation of LAT 101. Prerequisite: LAT 101 or equivalent.


LAT 301: Latin Readings
3

Rapid readings and translation of classical and medieval Latin texts. Topics may include prose authors (Cicero, Caesar, Livy, Tacitus), poets (Catullus, Virgil, Horace, Ovid), medieval literature (Augustine through the Reformation), and prose composition. Prerequisites: C- or better in LAT 101 and LAT 102. May be repeated for credit.


Choose one of the following courses
CED 455: Catechesis: Theory and Practice
3

This course will survey the history, theory, and practice of catechesis in the Lutheran Church. Students will examine a variety of catechetical models and skills needed to develop a holistic approach to the catechesis of youth, adults, and families. A fieldwork component is required. Offered in alternate years. Prerequisite: THL 371 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


THL 311: Old Testament Book of the Bible
3

This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the Old Testament or several books in their entirety which will vary from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite: THL 201 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different book is studied.


THL 312: New Testament Book of the Bible
3

This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the New Testament or several smaller books in their entirety which will vary from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite: THL 202 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different book is studied.


Choose one of the following courses
HST 332: Ancient Greece and Rome
3

The history of ancient Greece and Rome from the time of Homer to the fall of the Roman Empire will be examined in this course with particular emphasis on Greek and Roman politics, socio-economic life and structures, classical culture and philosophy, and the rise of Christianity. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202.


HST 334: Medieval History
3

The emergence of Europe from the early Middle Ages to the Italian Renaissance will be examined in this course including the feudal society, the Christian church, cities and commerce, art and learning, and the rise of kings and nation states. Particular attention will be given to Europe's Greek and Roman legacy as transmitted by the Byzantine and Islamic civilizations. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202. Offered alternate years.


HST 336: The Renaissance and the Reformation
3

Europe from the 14th to the 17th century, the transitional period between medieval and modern history, will be examined in this course including the Italian Renaissance, the Northern Renaissance, the Lutheran Reformation, the Calvinist and Anglican Reformations, and the Roman Catholic