https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/biology/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Biology Major
Bachelor of Science
Bachelor of Arts
Minor
Medical Science Professions Program
Faculty
Get Started
BIOLOGY MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Bignami, Sean
(949) 214-3300
sean.bignami@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Biology, Director CUI Marine Lab

Curriculum Vitae

Dr. Sean Bignami, Ph. D., graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara with a B.S. in Aquatic Biology and minor in Athletic Coaching, and the University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science with a Ph. D. in Marine Biology and Fisheries. His doctoral research investigated the effects of ocean acidification (ocean pH change) on larval marine fishes. Dr. Bignami is the founder and Director of the CUI Marine Lab , which supports Concordia University Irvine classes, student and faculty research, and a mobile touch-tank educational outreach program. His current research interests span a range of areas in the marine sciences, including experimental, ecological, and fisheries/conservation biology. Current projects include the study of ocean acidification, impact of sea star wasting disease on intertidal communities, and assessment of Pismo clam populations in southern California. Dr. Bignami also serves as the advisor of Concordia’s Epsilon Chi Delta Chapter of the Beta Beta Beta National Biological Honor Society. He especially enjoys including and advising students in research and outreach programs, and providing an opportunity for them to explore their faith as it intersects with their passion for science.

Education

Ph.D.- Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science, University of Miami, 2013
B.S.- University of California Santa Barbara, 2006

Gaines, E. Scott
(949) 214-3305
scott.gaines@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Biology
Chair - Biology Department

Dr. Scott Gaines (M.S, Ph.D.) has been at Concordia University Irvine since 2012 teaching subjects such as Biomechanics, General Biology, Integrated Biology, and Human Anatomy & Physiology. Professor Gaines has earned a B.S. in Biology from the University of California, Irvine, a M.S. in Human Movement from A.T Still University in Arizona and a Ph.D. in Education from Curtin University in Australia. Prior to coming to Concordia, Professor Gaines worked as an educator for health and fitness professionals for over 20 years. He is an author and national speaker on a wide range of topics such as biomechanics and cardiovascular-based program design. Professor Gaines also has a special interest in innovative teaching techniques, and is the faculty advisor for the Concordia University Irvine chapter of the International Medical Fraternity, Phi Delta Epsilon

Degrees Earned
A.T. Still University, Mesa, AZ, M.S. 2008
Curtin University, Perth, Western Australia, PhD, 2021
Kane-Barnese, Lindsay
(949) 214-3299
lindsay.kane-barnese@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Biochemistry
Chair - Chemistry, Biochemistry, Physics and Engineering

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese (Ph.D.) graduated from Concordia University Irvine with B.A. in Biology and a B.A. in Chemistry. She obtained her Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Dr. Kane-Barnese’s doctoral work and current research interests involve a protein involved in some cases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) or Lou Gehrig’s Disease. She teaches a variety of classes, ranging from introductory to advanced biology and chemistry courses. Dr. Kane-Barnese also advises students in research pertaining to ALS or other biochemistry or molecular biology related research. She enjoys working with students to learn complex biological and chemical topics in their classes and research and helping them explore the intersection of faith and science in their chosen field.

Education

Ph.D. - University of California, Los Angeles, 2010

Karam, Sarah
(949) 214-3301
sarah.karam@cui.edu
Professor of Biology

Dr. Sarah Karam (Ph.D.) graduated from Concordia Irvine, in 2004 with a B.A. in Biology. She then earned a M.S. in Natural Resources & Environmental Science and a Ph.D. in Ecology, Evolution, & Conservation Biology from the University of Nevada, Reno. Her graduate research focused on interactions between plants, fire, and the greater environment in two beautiful locations: Lake Tahoe and Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge in the Mojave Desert. Her current research focuses on how humans influence the distribution of native plants around Concordia Irvine. In addition to her teaching and research in the biology department, she also serves as faculty-in-residence for the Honors Living Learning Community. Living in this community provides the opportunity to extend conversations she has with students in the classroom.

Education
Ph.D. - University of Nevada, Reno, 2013
M.S. - University of Nevada, Reno, 2011
Soper, Rod
(949) 214-3304
rod.soper@cui.edu
Professor of Biology

Dr. Roderick Soper (M.S., Ph.D.) has been at Concordia University for 20 years and has a background in large mammal nutrition and wildlife and fisheries ecology. Prior to coming to Concordia, Dr. Soper was a biologist and manager of environmental affairs for private consulting firms and worked as an in-house environmentalist for telecommunication companies. He has worked on endangered species (plant and animal) habitat restoration, wetland biology mitigation, riparian habitat management and wide variety of species-specific projects. Currently, Dr. Soper has taken an interest in the history and philosophy of science focusing primarily on epistemological questions and the interaction of faith and science issues.

Education

Ph.D. - Curtin University, Perth, Western Australia, 2009

Zarubin, Tyler
949-214-3302
tyler.zarubin@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Biology, Director CUI Heritage Garden

Professor Tyler Zarubin (M.S.) graduated from the University of California at San Diego with a B.S. in Ecology, Behavior, and Evolution, and a minor in Latin American Studies. He earned his M.S. in Zoology from Colorado State University, where his research focused on elucidating the biological function of Crustacean hyperglycemic hormone. Professor Zarubin has an extensive background in education, most recently at Sage Hill School, where he taught several advanced biology courses, led international travel courses, and developed opportunities for student research in molecular genetics. He enjoys the opportunity to share his love of the natural world with students, but also engage with and guide them in scientific research, and bring his love of Jesus and his love of science into the classroom where a deeper understanding of the Creator and His creation will flourish. Professor Zarubin also serves as the Director of the CUI Heritage Garden, where students, faculty, and the local community have the opportunity to ecosystem gardening.

Talk to a Professor

Connect with a Concordia professor in real-time. Get answers to your questions and learn more about our curriculum.

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

