https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/chemistry/bachelor-science
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Chemistry Major
Bachelor of Arts
Bachelor of Science
Minor
Research Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
CHEMISTRY MAJOR
Chemistry: Bachelor of Science Degree
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

Note: Students who select the Chemistry major must take CHE 221 in Enduring Questions & Ideas (GE).

CORE
51 Units
CHE 222: Chemistry II
4

The major topics of this course will include solubility products, chemical thermodynamics, chemical kinetics, and qualitative analysis. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 221.


CHE 321: Organic Chemistry I
4

This course will examine the fundamental concepts relating to organic compounds with an emphasis on structure, nomenclature, theory, bonding, stereochemistry, reaction mechanisms, and physical and chemical properties of the principle classes of compounds. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 222.


CHE 354: Inorganic Chemistry
4

Through a systematic exposition of major trends in structure, bonding, reactivity, and spectroscopy across the periodic table, this course will include main group chemistry, transition metal and coordination chemistry, lanthanide/actinide chemistry, organometallic chemistry, bioinorganic chemistry, solid state chemistry, electron transfer processes, and generalized concepts of acidity. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 or consent of instructor.


CHE 421: Biochemistry I
4

This course will provide an introduction to the principles of chemistry that govern life systems including topics in pH and buffers, enzymes, amino acids, proteins, lipids, carbohydrates, nucleic acids, and metabolic pathways with exercises emphasizing protein purification and characterization techniques, plus kinetic modeling. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 221 and CHE 222 and CHE 321 and CHE 322 (concurrent enrollment allowed for CHE 322) or consent of instructor.


CHE 431: Physical Chemistry I
4

This course will cover classical thermodynamics: 0th, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd laws, gas laws, and kinetic molecular theory of gases, colligative properties, solubility's, equilibria, phases and phase transitions, and electrochemistry. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (CHE 222 and MTH 272) and (PHY 211 or PHY 221) and MTH 373 (concurrent enrollment allowed for MTH 373) or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


CHE 496: Research in Chemistry
2

As a hands-on introduction to chemical research, this course will emphasize research process, skills, and methods including lab research, library research, peer reviewed chemical abstracts and journals, electronic chemical databases, professional journal manuscript style guides, and statistical analysis which will be used in writing research manuscripts and making research presentations. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Course may be taken for a range of units (0.5-2 units per semester). Prerequisite: C- or better in SCI 495.


CHE 499: Senior Thesis
1

This course will be a culmination of original student-conducted scientific research resulting in a paper and presentation. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 496 and SCI 495; restricted to seniors.


MTH 271: Calculus I
4

This course will study differential and integral calculus in one variable through graphical, numerical and symbolic methods. Limits, continuity, derivatives, and integrals will be studied with algebraic, trigonometric, exponential and logarithmic functions, including applications using calculus to solve problems. Prerequisite: A passing score on the Calculus Placement Exam, or consent of the department chair.

MTH 272: Calculus II
4

A continuation of MTH 271, this course will include a study of methods of integration, applied to algebraic and transcendental functions. Solids of revolution, definite and indefinite integrals, Taylor polynomials, sequences and series, will be studied including applications using calculus to solve problems. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 271 or acceptable AP examination credit.

MTH 373: Calculus III
4

As a continuation of MTH 272, this course will include the study of vector calculus, three-dimensional calculus, partial derivatives, multiple integrals, differential calculus, and other selected topics in vector calculus. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 272.


PHY 221: Calculus-based Physics I
4

This course will study Newtonian mechanics: vectors and scalars, kinematics and dynamics of translational and rotational motion, Newton's laws, speed, velocity, acceleration, force, torque, work, energy, linear and angular momentum, wave and harmonic motion, gravitation, friction, conservation of energy and momentum, thermodynamics. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: MTH 271 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or consent of instructor.


PHY 222: Calculus-based Physics II
4

As a continuation of PHY 221, this course will cover thermodynamics, Maxwell's equations of electricity and magnetism, current, voltage, resistance, inductance, reactance, power, optics and optical systems, interference, diffraction, polarization, dispersion, and coherence. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in PHY 221 and MTH 272 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or consent of instructor.


SCI 455: History and Philosophy of Science
3

This course will introduce the philosophic nature of science with a literary review of philosophic issues associated with the epistemological and historical development of science starting with ancient Greece through today. Cross listed with HST 455. Prerequisite: CBIO 101 or consent of instructor. Typically offered every spring semester.


SCI 495: Research Methods
1

This course will introduce basic techniques in laboratory research, experimental design, library databases, review of peer-reviewed literature, and quantitative and qualitative analyses. Students will compose a research proposal intended to guide future original student-conducted research. Interdisciplinary topics are included. Prerequisite: Sixteen (16) units of major courses or consent of instructor. Typically offered each semester.


ELECTIVES
12-15 Units
CHE 322: Organic Chemistry II
4

This course will focus on aromaticity, advanced synthesis and reaction mechanisms, kinetics, organometallic chemistry, and bio-organic chemistry. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 321.


CHE 403: Biological Inorganic Chemistry
3

This course will investigate the roles of metals in biology. Topics will include metals homeostasis in living organisms, metalloenzymes, metals in medicine, metalloproteins that function in respiration, photosynthesis, and electronic transfer.


CHE 405: Chemical Biology
3

This course will investigate modern topics of chemical biology. Topics will include protein modification, solid phase synthesis of proteins and DNA, chemical tags of biomolecules, biomimetic structures, unnatural nucleic acids and proteins, and medicinal chemistry.


CHE 418: Molecular Spectroscopy
4

An advanced exposition of theoretical concepts with experimental aspects of atomic and molecular spectroscopy on electronic absorption, electronic luminescence, Raman, and infrared spectroscopes within a group theoretical and symmetry-based conceptual framework. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 431 and CHE 432 (concurrent enrollment allowed for CHE 432) or consent of instructor.


CHE 422: Biochemistry II
3

This course is the second semester of a two-semester general biochemistry course which will be focusing on structural biology and information pathways, including topics amino acids, proteins, nucleic acids, genes and chromosomes, DNA/RNA/protein metabolism. Lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: CHE 321 and CHE 322 and CHE 421 or consent of instructor.


CHE 432: Physical Chemistry II
4

This course will examine quantum mechanics; atomic and molecular orbital theory; symmetry, atomic, and molecular spectroscopy; statistical thermodynamics; and philosophical/scientific implications of quantum mechanics. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 431 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


PHY 435: Solid State Physics and Chemistry
3

This course will provide a comprehensive overview of the fundamental concepts of the structure, bonding, and chemical/physical properties of solid systems: metals, semiconductors, superconductors, insulators, and glasses. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 and PHY 311 or consent of the instructor.


TOTAL UNITS
63-66 Units
Get Started
Request Info

Want to know more about Concordia University Irvine? Let one of our admissions counselors get in touch with you and answer any questions you might have.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

In your college search, it's important that you find the right fit for you. That's why we offer both group visits and individual visits for you and your family throughout the year. Come experience our beautiful hilltop campus, sit in on a class, attend chapel, and dine in our cafeteria

Visit us at one of our upcoming Admissions events

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Get started on submitting your application for admission today. Applications received after February 15 are reviewed on a rolling basis.

Fall 2022 Deadlines to Apply
Early Action	Nov. 15
Early Action II	Feb. 15
Rolling	Aug. 19

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

