https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/chemistry/bachelor-science
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Chemistry Major
Bachelor of Arts
Bachelor of Science
Minor
Research Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
CHEMISTRY MAJOR
Chemistry: Bachelor of Science Degree
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

Note: Students who select the Chemistry major must take CHE 221 in Enduring Questions & Ideas (GE).

CORE
51 Units
CHE 222: Chemistry II
4

The major topics of this course will include solubility products, chemical thermodynamics, chemical kinetics, and qualitative analysis. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 221.


CHE 321: Organic Chemistry I
4

This course will examine the fundamental concepts relating to organic compounds with an emphasis on structure, nomenclature, theory, bonding, stereochemistry, reaction mechanisms, and physical and chemical properties of the principle classes of compounds. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 222.


CHE 354: Inorganic Chemistry
4

Through a systematic exposition of major trends in structure, bonding, reactivity, and spectroscopy across the periodic table, this course will include main group chemistry, transition metal and coordination chemistry, lanthanide/actinide chemistry, organometallic chemistry, bioinorganic chemistry, solid state chemistry, electron transfer processes, and generalized concepts of acidity. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 or consent of instructor.


CHE 421: Biochemistry I
4

This course will provide an introduction to the principles of chemistry that govern life systems including topics in pH and buffers, enzymes, amino acids, proteins, lipids, carbohydrates, nucleic acids, and metabolic pathways with exercises emphasizing protein purification and characterization techniques, plus kinetic modeling. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 221 and CHE 222 and CHE 321 and CHE 322 (concurrent enrollment allowed for CHE 322) or consent of instructor.


CHE 431: Physical Chemistry I
4

This course will cover classical thermodynamics: 0th, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd laws, gas laws, and kinetic molecular theory of gases, colligative properties, solubility's, equilibria, phases and phase transitions, and electrochemistry. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (CHE 222 and MTH 272) and (PHY 211 or PHY 221) and MTH 373 (concurrent enrollment allowed for MTH 373) or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


CHE 496: Research in Chemistry
2

As a hands-on introduction to chemical research, this course will emphasize research process, skills, and methods including lab research, library research, peer reviewed chemical abstracts and journals, electronic chemical databases, professional journal manuscript style guides, and statistical analysis which will be used in writing research manuscripts and making research presentations. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Course may be taken for a range of units (0.5-2 units per semester). Prerequisite: C- or better in SCI 495.


CHE 499: Senior Thesis
1

This course will be a culmination of original student-conducted scientific research resulting in a paper and presentation. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 496 and SCI 495; restricted to seniors.


MTH 271: Calculus I
4

This course will study differential and integral calculus in one variable through graphical, numerical and symbolic methods. Limits, continuity, derivatives, and integrals will be studied with algebraic, trigonometric, exponential and logarithmic functions, including applications using calculus to solve problems. Prerequisite: A passing score on the Calculus Placement Exam, or consent of the department chair.

MTH 272: Calculus II
4

A continuation of MTH 271, this course will include a study of methods of integration, applied to algebraic and transcendental functions. Solids of revolution, definite and indefinite integrals, Taylor polynomials, sequences and series, will be studied including applications using calculus to solve problems. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 271 or acceptable AP examination credit.

MTH 373: Calculus III
4

As a continuation of MTH 272, this course will include the study of vector calculus, three-dimensional calculus, partial derivatives, multiple integrals, differential calculus, and other selected topics in vector calculus. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 272.


PHY 221: Calculus-based Physics I
4

This course will study Newtonian mechanics: vectors and scalars, kinematics and dynamics of translational and rotational motion,