chemistry II
3

This course is the second semester of a two-semester general biochemistry course which will be focusing on structural biology and information pathways, including topics amino acids, proteins, nucleic acids, genes and chromosomes, DNA/RNA/protein metabolism. Lab time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: CHE 321 and CHE 322 and CHE 421 or consent of instructor.


CHE 432: Physical Chemistry II
4

This course will examine quantum mechanics; atomic and molecular orbital theory; symmetry, atomic, and molecular spectroscopy; statistical thermodynamics; and philosophical/scientific implications of quantum mechanics. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 431 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


PHY 435: Solid State Physics and Chemistry
3

This course will provide a comprehensive overview of the fundamental concepts of the structure, bonding, and chemical/physical properties of solid systems: metals, semiconductors, superconductors, insulators, and glasses. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 and PHY 311 or consent of the instructor.


TOTAL UNITS
63-66 Units
Get Started
Request Info

Want to know more about Concordia University Irvine? Let one of our admissions counselors get in touch with you and answer any questions you might have.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

In your college search, it's important that you find the right fit for you. That's why we offer both group visits and individual visits for you and your family throughout the year. Come experience our beautiful hilltop campus, sit in on a class, attend chapel, and dine in our cafeteria

Visit us at one of our upcoming Admissions events

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Get started on submitting your application for admission today. Applications received after February 15 are reviewed on a rolling basis.

Fall 2022 Deadlines to Apply
Early Action	Nov. 15
Early Action II	Feb. 15
Rolling	Aug. 19

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

