https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/chemistry/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Chemistry Major
Bachelor of Arts
Bachelor of Science
Minor
Research Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
CHEMISTRY MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Faculty
Crosby, Glenn A.
 
 
Visiting Professor of Chemistry & Physics
Education
University of Washington, Seattle, Ph.D.
Kane-Barnese, Lindsay
(949) 214-3299
lindsay.kane-barnese@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Biochemistry
Chair - Chemistry, Biochemistry, Physics and Engineering

Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese (Ph.D.) graduated from Concordia University Irvine with B.A. in Biology and a B.A. in Chemistry. She obtained her Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Dr. Kane-Barnese’s doctoral work and current research interests involve a protein involved in some cases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) or Lou Gehrig’s Disease. She teaches a variety of classes, ranging from introductory to advanced biology and chemistry courses. Dr. Kane-Barnese also advises students in research pertaining to ALS or other biochemistry or molecular biology related research. She enjoys working with students to learn complex biological and chemical topics in their classes and research and helping them explore the intersection of faith and science in their chosen field.

Education

Ph.D. - University of California, Los Angeles, 2010

Kenney, John W.
 
john.kenney@cui.edu
Professor Emeritus of Chemical Physics
Biography

Dr. Kenney is an award winning teacher and scholar noted for his contributions to both chemical education and to chemistry / chemical physics research. He is known for his passionate, enthusiastic, energetic, and innovative hands-on teaching style, for the depth and rigor of his classes, for his involvement of students in high-level scientific research, and for his ability to transform the lives of his students and inspire them to achieve their professional and personal goals. “There’s nothing more spectacular than getting a privileged view of God’s creative genius, either at the microscopic scale or the cosmological scale,” states Kenney.

Education
University of Utah, Salt Lake City, Ph.D. 1979
Mellody, Montana
949-214-3320
montana.mellody@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Chemistry
Biography

Professor Montana Mellody earned her B.S in Biochemistry with a minor in Mathematics from Vanguard University in 2017. Mellody then earned her M.S. in Biochemistry at California State University, Fullerton in 2023. Professor Mellody teaches introductory to advance chemistry courses here at CUI! Professor Mellody is researching the important role that RNA binding proteins play in controlling the process alternative splicing. This mechanism is important to regulate protein expression in response to changes in environments. The RNA binding proteins she is studying is the polypyrimidine tract binding protein (PTBP) family. Two members of this family share high structural similarity but have distinct tissue-specific expression patterns and functions that are critical for the process of brain development. My research is focused on trying to understand how these two related, highly similar proteins can have different biological functions.

Talk to a Professor

Connect with a Concordia professor in real-time. Get answers to your questions and learn more about our curriculum.

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

