wish Institute of Religion and is the lead professor of Hebrew for Concordia University Irvine's Christ College. Dr. Elliott published “The Israel of God in the Sermon: Connecting Old Testament Texts to New Testament People” in Feasting in a Famine of the Word in 2016 and is preparing a commentary on the prophet Habakkuk.

Education
Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, M.Phil., 2013; Ph.D., 2018
Concordia Seminary – St. Louis, M.Div., 2009
Concordia University – River Forest, B.A., 2003
Professional Experience
Concordia University Irvine, Assistant Professor, 2016-present
St. John Lutheran Church, Assistant Pastor, 2009-2016
Hebrew Union College/Xavier University/University of Dayton, Adjunct Professor, 2010-2016
Publications Completed
“The Israel of God in the Sermon: Connecting Old Testament Texts to New Testament People” in Feasting in a Famine of the Word: Lutheran Preaching in the Twenty-First Century, 2016.
Forthcoming
“Community and Closure: The Church in the Individual Complaint Psalms” in The Church as Fullness in All Things: Recasting Lutheran Ecclesiology in an Ecumenical Context, expected 2018.
Ambrose of Milan and His Use of Philo of Alexandria in His Letters on the Hexaemeron, Dissertation.
Habakkuk, Concordia Commentary, expected 2022.
Teaching/Research Interests
Old Testament/Prophetic Literature
Early Jewish and Christian Exegesis
Second Temple Judaism
Northwest Semitic Languages
Eschelbach, Michael
(949) 214-3622
michael.eschelbach@cui.edu
Professor of Theology
Curriculum Vitae




Reverend Eschelbach was a parish pastor for 15 years before teaching at Concordia University Chicago (14 years) and now Concordia University Irvine. The care of souls and love of truth are evident in his eagerness to help others find the answers they seek, especially answers to the most difficult questions. Professor Eschelbach invests himself in his students as he shows them how to search for the truth among the various witnesses God has provided, especially in the Bible but also in nature, reason, and common human experience. You may find evidence of Dr. Eschelbach’s work in his publications, public speaking, and recognition for exemplary teaching. Besides teaching and studies, Michael Eschelbach enjoys sailing, biking along Newport beach, and visiting the redwoods.

Experience
Administrative
Provide leadership and inspiration to various committees in the university setting, including faculty search committees, faculty seminar, faculty growth and development, student life policies, liberal arts culture, and student retention task force. Within each setting, provide exploration and development of responsive, innovative, and effective programming.
Writing (see also “publications” below)
In the process of writing essays on; the philosophy of religion, the nature of human responsibility in society, and the problem of evil.
Produced strategic curriculum and integrated, multi-media study guides including,
1 year series for preschool & kindergarten age children.
4 year series taking grades 1-4.
3 year catechetical instruction (grades 5-7) which includes liturgical studies, Luther’s Small Catechism, and a Bible study guide that promotes age-appropriate, in depth discussion.
Developed a 5 year study series for high school youth which fosters the sense of community among students, promotes informed interaction of students with their peers in school, and enhances the student's own cognitive abilities.
Classroom Instruction
Professor of New Testament Studies, Greek, the Philosophy of Religion, World Religions, Gender, and related religious studies including ethics and social issues.
On-line graduate courses for MAR students on the Parables of Jesus and General Epistles.
Recruited by directors of Honors Program to provide honors level instruction in New Testament Studies and the History of Christian Biography.
Provide instruction and mentoring for graduate (MAR), directed, and correspondence studies.
Lecture and facilitate enthusiastic exploration of theological topics in Youth Encounter/Conference settings.
Lecture and direct discussion on biblical books, theology, and related current events to adults each Sunday morning.
Provide stimulating and highly interactive study sessions for juniors and seniors in High School.
Study Tours
2014 – London and Edinburgh. Preparing for this fourth study tour in June.
2012 – France. Assisted with Choir/study tour of France, providing general historical and theological background.
2010 – Egypt. Taught a course on Egyptology and the significance of Egypt in the Bible while touring Egypt and the lower Sinai peninsula over 12 days
2008 – Italy. Taught a course on the Council of Trent in comparison with orthodox biblical theology as presented by Martin Chemnitz in his examination of the same. This course on campus was followed by 14 days touring in Italy.
2006 – Turkey/Greece. Taught a course on the travels and places where the apostle Paul taught while touring those locations 