ir church to see if funding is available. Complete the Home Congregation Grant Application so that any funding is taken into consideration when finalizing your bill. Have an “authorized” person (i.e. treasurer or bookkeeper) from your church sign and indicate the amount offered to you.
LCMS Biermann Memorial Scholarship
Award Range:	Amounts vary depending on the funding available and number of applicants.
Requirements:	Application required: Biermann Memorial Scholarship Application
Additional Notes:	Open to all current members of LCMS congregations in the Missouri District who are attending any synodical Higher Education institution and working toward a degree that leads to a career in church work. Those who are in their vicarage or internship year are not eligible for scholarship funds for that academic year.
LWML Missouri District Grant
Award Range:	Amounts vary depending on the funding available and number of applicants.
Requirements:	Application required: 2024 - 2025 LWML Missouri District Grant Application
Additional Notes:	Offered to persons going into full-time professional church work in the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod. Detailed information can be found here or on the application.
LWML South Wisconsin District Scholarship
Award Range:	Amounts vary depending on the funding available and number of applicants.
Requirements:	Application required: 2024-25 LWML South Wisconsin District Scholarship
Additional Notes:	Must be an active female member of a congregation of the South Wisconsin District of the LCMS who are residents of the SWD prior to college and are preparing for full-time church work in the LCMS.
LWML Texas Scholarship
Award Range:	Amounts vary depending on the funding available and number of applicants..
Requirements:	Application required: 2024 - 2025 LWML Texas District Scholarship
Additional Notes:	Offered to female applicants who are communicant members of a congregation of the Texas District of the LCMS; pursuing a career as a full-time professional church worker in the Missouri Synod.
LWML Oregon District Scholarship
Award Range:	Amounts vary depending on the funding available and number of applicants.
Requirements:	Application required: 2024 - 2025 LWML Oregon District Scholarship
Additional Notes:	Must be an active female member of a congregation of the Northwest District of the LCMS who lives within the geographical boundary of the Oregon District LWML and is preparing for full-time church work in the LCMS.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

