https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/financial-aid/undergraduate/church-work-scholarships-and-grants
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Financial Aid
Getting Started
Types of Aid
Access Your Financial Aid
Staff
Resources 
LCMS
CHURCH WORK SCHOLARSHIPS
Undergraduate Financial Aid
Receive 80% of tuition to pursue a career in LCMS church work!

Through quality church work programs, Concordia University Irvine supports the formation of pastors, DCEs, DPMs, deaconesses, and teachers in the Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS). Your admissions counselor will help guide you through every step of the financial aid process, helping you understand your options to create a plan that works for you.

Christ College Church Vocations Scholarship

The Church Vocations Scholarship is for applicants who plan to pursue a LCMS church career. This scholarship currently provides qualified applicants with 80% of tuition (all institutional sources)*. The scholarship is renewable each year for those who maintain a cumulative 2.5 GPA and a 2.8 GPA in certification course work.

If you are one of the first qualified students to be accepted to a Christ College Church Vocation program and you submit your enrollment deposit by the deadline, you are guaranteed 80% of tuition in institutional aid. To ask any questions, please contact Carrie Donohoe, Christ College Program Coordinator, at carrie.donohoe@cui.edu or (949) 214-3389.

To qualify you must:
Have been an active communicant member of an LCMS congregation for at least 1 year.
Have an incoming GPA of 3.0 or higher.
Students with a lower GPA may apply for the Christ College Scholarship instead.
Be committed to pursuing a specific LCMS church work program and to taking a call in an LCMS ministry at the completion of your program.
Commit to involvement in campus spiritual life.
Commit to regular attendance at a local LCMS church.
How to Apply:
Complete a Christ College Church Vocations Scholarship Application.
Submit 2 references (1 by an LCMS church worker). Reference forms will be sent via email to the references you list on the application.
Complete an interview with church work faculty.

*Total award amount subject to change. California students receiving Cal Grant funds can only receive financial aid up to their financial need.

Christ College Scholarship

The Christ College Scholarship is for applicants who are members of an LCMS congregation and who plan to pursue an LCMS church career, but are not eligible for the LCMS Church Vocations Scholarship. Students must maintain a minimum GPA of 2.5 cumulative and GPA of 2.8 in certification course work, and plan to pursue a career in an LCMS church work profession (Lutheran Teaching, Pastor, Deaconess, DCE, or Director of Parish Music).

To qualify you must:
Have a minimum GPA of 2.5 cumulative and GPA of 2.8 in certification course work
Plan to pursue a career in an LCMS church work profession (Lutheran Teaching, Pastor, Deaconess, DCE, or Director of Parish Music)
Christ College Scholarship Applications:
New/Transfer Undergraduate Christ College Application, due on or before August 2
Returning Undergraduate Christ College Application, due on or before March 1
Outside Scholarships

In addition to the financial aid offered through Concordia University, church work students are also eligible for the following outside scholarships and grants.

The Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod District Grants
Award Range:	Amounts vary; determined by each individual district
Requirements:	Application required. Check with individual LCMS District for additional applications
Additional Notes:	Awarded to LCMS students preparing for full-time church work and enrolled at synodical university.
Home Congregation Grant
Award Range:	Amounts vary depending on the funding available.
Requirements:	Check with your Home Congregation for details.
Additional Notes:	Any student, regardless of denomination, can check with their church to see if funding is available. Complete the Home Congregation Grant Application so that any funding is taken into consideration when finalizing your bill. Have an “authorized” person (i.e. treasurer or bookkeeper) from your church sign and indicate the amount offered to you.
LCMS Biermann Memorial Scholarship
Award Range:	Amounts vary depending on the funding available and number of applicants.
Requirements:	Application required: Biermann Memorial Scholarship Application
Additional Notes:	Open to all current members of LCMS congregations in the Missouri District who are attending any synodical Higher Education institution and working toward a degree that leads to a career in church work. Those who are in their vicarage or internship year are not eligible for scholarship funds for that academic year.
LWML Missouri District Grant
Award Range:	Amounts vary depending on the funding available and number of applicants.
Requirements:	Application required: 2024 - 2025 LWML Missouri District Grant Application
Additional Notes:	Offered to persons going into full-time professional church work in the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod. Detailed information can be found here or on the application.
LWML South Wisconsin District Scholarship
Award Range:	Amounts vary depending on the funding available and number of applicants.
Requirements:	Application required: 2024-25 LWML South Wisconsin District Scholarship
Additional Notes:	Must be an active female member of a congregation of the South Wisconsin District of the LCMS who are residents of the SWD prior to college and are preparing for full-time church work in the LCMS.
LWML Texas Scholarship
Award Range:	Amounts vary depending on the funding available and number of applicants..
Requirements:	Application required: 2024 - 2025 LWML Texas District Scholarship
Additional Notes:	Offered to female applicants who are communicant members of a congregation of the Texas District of the LCMS; pursuing a career as a full-time professional church worker in the Missouri Synod.
LWML Oregon District Scholarship
Award Range:	Amounts vary depending on the funding available and number of applicants.
Requirements:	Application required: 2024 - 2025 LWML Oregon District Scholarship
Additional Notes:	Must be an active female member of a congregation of the Northwest District of the LCMS who lives within the geographical boundary of the Oregon District LWML and is preparing for full-time church work in the LCMS.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

