https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege/great-commission-showcase
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Great Commission Showcase
CHRIST COLLEGE

As part of the Great Commission Institute at Concordia University Irvine, the Great Commission Showcase follows the Great Commission as outlined in the Book of Matthew (28:16-20) where Jesus sends His disciples to actively engage in proclaiming the gospel of salvation by grace through faith in Jesus Christ to all people, in all places (local and global) with the goal of bringing people to baptism, faith, and discipleship. Since “faith comes from hearing and hearing through the Word of Christ” (Romans 10:17), the Great Commission involves not just service, but the use of words. The annual event highlights students’ mission-minded service projects locally and abroad.

Participate in the Showcase

Concordia University Irvine’s Great Commission Showcase is open to all Christian undergraduate students who have participated in a university-sponsored mission project or short-term mission trip. The winner of the showcase receives a cash prize, and a matching reward for the non-profit ministry of their choosing.

Students who wish to participate in the Great Commission Showcase will secure a faculty member who is willing to mentor you through the Showcase experience. Working with that mentor, students will contact Professor Mark Siegert to express their interest.

A complete entry in the Showcase includes 3 components that will be judged by a panel comprised of university leadership:

A reflection paper of 3500-5500 words. The research paper includes cultural and economic factors about the field, anticipated challenges, and what the student learned about their own faith.
Participation in the Great Commission Showcase Poster Session
Finalists will give a 10-15 minute oral presentation
Our university was founded on the principle of sharing the gospel, and our identity has always been linked to the Great Commission. What better way for our students to commemorate this than by leaving their global ‘mission footprints’ in this way.

Rev. Mark Siegert

Great Commission Showcase Coordinator and Professor of Theology

Past Great Commission Showcase Winners
Sam Fluegge, 2018-2019 Winner

A Victorious Homecoming

Sam Fluegge spent 10 childhood years in Togo, West Africa, with his family, who were Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod missionaries. But when they moved to the U.S., Sam left memories of Togo behind. A missions study trip back to West Africa reconnected him to his past, potentially redefined his future — and earned him $1,000 as the winner of the Great Commission Showcase.

READ STORY
Emily Crosby, 2017-2018 Winner

Redirected East

As a highly organized person, Emily Crosby ’18, an English major, had her life planned out — until she participated in an exchange program between Concordia University Irvine and Urawa Lutheran School in Japan. She fell in love with the Land of the Rising Sun and recounted her journey of moving there in a top-prize-winning entry in CUI’s Great Commission Showcase.

READ STORY
Taylor Kelso, 2016-2017 Winner

Grounded Faith: Teaching Ministry in Hungary Leads to New Life Goal

Taylor Kelso, our 2016-17 Great Commission Showcase winner, discovered her love for teaching when she was invited to join her church on a bi-annual missions trip to Hungary.

READ STORY
April Hall, Inaugural Winner, 2015-2016

God’s Love Incarnate: Service Ministry Leads to Gospel Proclamation in Kolkata, India

April Hall, our 2015-16 Inaugural Great Commission Showcase winner, served for two weeks in Kolkata, India at a home for elderly adults with the nuns of the Missionaries of Charity founded by Mother Teresa.

READ STORY
Get in Touch

For more information about the Great Commission Showcase, or if you have any questions please contact:

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

