https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/student-leadership/index/id/22982
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Student Leadership

ASCUI
LEAD
abbey west
PALs
RAs
Clubs and Organizations
Professional Staff
Applications
Related Links
Leadership, Education, and Development (LEAD) Program
STUDENT LEADERSHIP
Leadership, Education, and Development (LEAD) Program

The Leadership, Education, and Development (LEAD) Program focuses on the social integration of our students within the Concordia community. LEAD recognizes the value of student involvement on campus and its impact on a student’s overall college experience. Housed in the Center for Student Leadership & Development (CSLD), the LEAD Program plans and offers enriching experiences for the student body to participate in either on-campus or around the Orange County community. Students in turn will foster relationships with each other, invest in the University, and strengthen their awareness of themselves.

The LEAD Program consists of a variety of programming teams that are led by hired student LEAD Coordinators:

Concordia Cares
Diversity Awareness
Intramurals
Marketing
Student Activities

Like our Student Life Facebook page (@ConcordiaIrvineStudentLife)! Join the community to subscribe and relive the excitement created by LEAD all throughout the year. You can also follow us on instagram @cuilead!

We encourage you to get plugged in, get out of your comfort zone, and be an active participant in your Concordia Experience. Check out our online campus calendar to see what activities are occurring on and off campus.

Our office is located in the Center for Student Leadership & Development (CSLD). Stop by anytime during our business hours to hangout or see what event is coming up next. 

We're All a Bunch of Screaming Eagles!
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

