https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/classical-languages
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Classical Languages Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Classical Languages Minor
CHRIST COLLEGE
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
CLASSICAL LANGUAGES MINOR
22 Units
GRE 101: Greek I
4

This course will study the fundamentals of the ancient Greek language including morphology, syntax, and vocabulary for reading simple passages of Greek prose.

GRE 102: Greek 2
4

A continuation of GRE 101. Prerequisite: GRE 101 or equivalent with a grade of C- or better.

LAT 101: Fundamentals of Latin I
4

This course will study the fundamentals of the Latin language including morphology, syntax, and vocabulary for reading simple passages of Latin prose and poetry.


LAT 102: Fundamentals of Latin II
4

A continuation of LAT 101. Prerequisite: LAT 101 or equivalent.


Choose 6 units from the following:
GRE 301: Greek Readings*
3

Readings of selected portions of the ancient Greek Biblical and classical texts with special emphasis on building translation skills through a review of morphology and syntax as well as the acquisition of the new vocabulary. Prerequisites: C- or better in GRE 101, GRE 102. May be repeated for credit.

LAT 301: Latin Readings
3

Rapid readings and translation of classical and medieval Latin texts. Topics may include prose authors (Cicero, Caesar, Livy, Tacitus), poets (Catullus, Virgil, Horace, Ovid), medieval literature (Augustine through the Reformation), and prose composition. Prerequisites: C- or better in LAT 101 and LAT 102. May be repeated for credit.


* May choose the same subject prefix if the topic is different for each offering.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

