https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/music/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Music Major
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Minors 
Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
MUSIC MAJOR
Curriculum
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
Concentrations
Church Music
Commercial Music
Composition
Instrumental Performance
Piano Performance
Pre-Teacher Certification (Music Education)
Vocal Performance
FOUNDATIONS
Concert Attendance
MUS 100: Concert Attendance
0

Students majoring in music must attend 40 concerts/recitals (5 per semester) during their time at Concordia University Irvine (transfers must accrue 5 times the number of semesters the attend). An updated list will be published at the end of each semester detailing concert attendance. In the semester when students expect to pass 40, they should enroll in MUS 100 for pass/fail certification. Students who fail to complete this requirement will not be approved for graduation with a major in music. Attendance credit is not allowed for concerts/recitals in which the student is a performer for the majority of the repertoire.


Music Major Review
MUS 290: Music Major Review
0

Music Major Review (Students must register for the Music Major Review for the semester in which the review will take place. See Music Major Review policy.)

Piano Competency
MUKP 211: Piano Competency
0

Students register for MUKP 211 (Piano Competency) in the spring of the sophomore year. A course fee is assessed. If students fail the competency exam in the sophomore year, they will register for Piano Competency each subsequent semester until they pass the exam. For transfer students, piano skills will be assessed in the first semester and a piano competency timeline will be created.

Voice Competency

Note: A full year's commitment is required (2 units) if students choose to participate in a choral ensemble (MUE 234, MUE 238, MUE 239) to fulfill this requirement; however, only 1 unit will apply towards degree requirements.

CHOOSE 1 OF THE FOLLOWING COURSES:
1 Units
MUVO 100: Voice Class
1

This interactive course will introduce students to fundamental aspects of the singing process including alignment, breath support and management, resonance, vowels and consonants, and interpretation and performance techniques.

MUVO 101: Private Lessons: Voice I
1

Private Lessons: Voice I  1, 2 Unit

MUE 234: The Concordia Choir
1

The Concordia Choir performs significant musical works of all eras for major concerts and tours as well as campus chapel and area church services and works on the development of advanced vocal techniques and musical skills. There may be an additional charge for required field trips or tours. Membership is by audition.

MUE 238: Concordia Donne Di Canto
1

This select women's choir performs choral music of all eras in concerts and church services on and off campus and works on the development of advanced vocal techniques and musical skills. There may be an additional charge for required field trips or tours. Membership is by audition.

MUE 239: Concordia Men’s Chorus
1

This select men's choir performs choral music of all eras in concerts and church services both on and off campus and works on the development of advanced vocal techniques and musical skills. There may be an additional charge for required field trips or tours. Membership is by audition.

Music Theory and Aural Skills
MUS 201: Music Theory I
3

As a beginning study of the craft of music for music majors and minors or general students with considerable musical experience, this course will include the study and application of scales, intervals, triads, rhythms, and elementary chord progression through analysis and writing. Co-requisites: Normally taken concurrently with MUS 211. Recommended MUS 102 or other training in the fundamentals of musical notation. A class fee is required to cover the cost of concert attendance.


MUS 202: Music Theory II
3

Continuation of MUS 201, this course will study seventh chords, modulation and basic musical forms through analysis and composition of four-part textures. Prerequisite: Should be taken concurrently with MUS 212.


MUS 211: Aural Skills I
1

This course will provide students with the training and tools that will aid in the development of sight-singing, dictation, and basic keyboard skills that support basic concepts as they learn to hear and identify basic harmonic (intervals, triads, and chord progressions) and rhythmic and melodic materials using the moveable-do solfege system.


MUS 212: Aural Skills II
1

A continuation of MUS 211. Prerequisite: Should be taken concurrently with MUS 202.


MUS 304: Music Theory IV
3

As a continuation of MUS 303, this course will study extended forms and melodic-harmonic formula characteristic of the 19th century; introduce techniques of th