ct 6 units of choir.
Applied Study on Primary Instrument
MU__ 101-301: Private Lessons
7

MU__ 101-301: Private Lessons

MU__ 401: Private Lessons
1

MU__ 401: Private Lessons

Applied study (private lessons) is required each semester students are in residence. Music majors may enroll in one private lesson for up to 2 units per semester, and may also enroll in a secondary private lesson for no more than 1 unit per semester (3 total applied units per semester maximum). Each unit of study represents at least 3 hours of deliberate, self-regulated practice per week. Students must progress on a primary instrument from level 101 through successful completion of at least 1 semester at level 401. Students entering with 60 or more semester units may petition to begin applied study at the 301 level by completing an entrance jury in which students must demonstrate competence in performance of repertoire at the 201 level. Approval must be granted by the studio teacher and the director of the performance area before census date of the first semester of study.

CAPSTONE 
2 Units
MUS 493: Senior Thesis
1

The senior thesis is an opportunity for music students to engage in close reading, research, and writing on a musical topic of their choosing. This is an independent study, offered by arrangement with any full-time music faculty member. The senior thesis consists of a structured process leading to a finished academic paper of at least 10 pages.


CHOOSE 1 OF THE FOLLOWING COURSES:
1 Units
MUS 498: Senior Project in Music
1

This course is the final requirement for students in the music major when church music, music theory, music history, ethnomusicology, or music education is their primary interest (see Mu_ 498). Prerequisite: MUS 290 and Approval of senior project application. See also Senior Project Guidelines available in the Music Office.


MU__498: Senior Recital
1

MU__498: Senior Recital

TOTAL UNITS
54 Units
Composition, Piano Performance, and Vocal Performance concentration students must select MUS 303.
Commercial Music concentration students must select MUS 306.
Pre-Teacher Certification concentration students must select MUS 352.
Church Music concentration students must select MUS 482.
Students in specific concentrations must select the following Senior Recital:   Instrumental Performance (MU_ 498), Piano Performance (MUKP 498) and Vocal Performance (MUVO 498).

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

