CTHL 101 or CTHL 200 or equivalent.


Choose 2 units from the following:
MUGU 101-401: Private Lessons: Guitar
1

Private Lessons: Guitar

MUKI 101-401: Private Lessons: Keyboard Improvisation I-IV
1

Private Lessons: Keyboard Improvisation I-IV

MUKO 100: Organ Class
1

This course will introduce basic organ techniques and repertoire to students with limited or no prior organ experience. As students become comfortable with combining hands and feet, the class will address topics such as organ repertoire, mechanics of the instrument, practical applications (hymn playing in particular), touch, articulation, and registration. Practice time is required and the student will need to obtain organ shoes and purchase a textbook. The course may be repeated.

MUKO 101-401: Private Lessons: Organ
1

Private Lessons: Organ

MUKP 101-401: Private Lessons: Piano
1

MUKP 101-401: Private Lessons: Piano 

CHOOSE 6 UNITS FROM THE FOLLOWING:
MUS 204: Songwriting and Analysis
2

The practical application and technique of songwriting, including lyrics, melody, harmony, form and stylistic content.


MUS 307: Improvisation
2

Students will study musical improvisation in jazz and popular music through analysis of the work of great soloists and the application of genre-specific melodic, harmonic and rhythmic concepts. Prerequisites: MUS 303 or MUS 306.

MUS 316: Music Technology II
2

Building on the skills attained in Music Technology I, this course is focused on the creation of music, utilizing state of the art music technology with an emphasis on preparing the student for vocation in the classroom, studio or stage. Prerequisite: MUS 216 or permission of instructor.


MUS 405: Arranging in Popular Music
2

The advanced application of arranging concepts in a popular music setting with an emphasis on the utilization of commonly used instrumental and vocal groupings and curating the arranging process through various stages including concept development, score preparation, rehearsal, programming, recording and performance. Prerequisites: MUS 305 and MUS 306.

MUS 441: Handbell Methods and Repertoire
3

This course will study the organization and directing of handbell programs. The one (1)-unit course includes a philosophy of handbell ringing, methods for beginning ringers, materials and equipment, recruitment, and handbell literature for school and church. The two (2)-unit course adds literature, curriculum, and methods for more advanced ringers, small ensembles, and solos. The three (3)-unit course adds work in composition and arranging for handbells as well as advanced conducting. Prerequisites for one (1) or two (2) units: Experience with handbell ringing and familiarity with musical notation; for the three (3)-unit course: MUS 202 and MUS 222.

MUS 461: Music for Children
3

This course will enable students to identify, understand, and work with the music capabilities of children. The three (3)-unit course is required for music education and liberal studies majors and others interested in developing school music curricula and/or other special skills and projects. The two (2)-unit course is available to others primarily interested in preparing musical activities and cultivating classroom teaching skills. Basic music reading ability and musical experience recommended.


MUS 471: Choral Methods and Repertoire
3

This advanced choral music methods course will focus on repertoire, rehearsal management, advanced conducting techniques, vocal pedagogy, planning, and administration. Prerequisites: MUS 202 and MUS 222 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


THL 281: Introduction to Worship Arts
1

This course will provide an overview of the contemporary worship arts profession and its methods and principles including the study and evaluation of worship services in churches of various sizes and denominations; technologies, equipment, and tools that support worship arts programming; common worship band principles; approaches used in service planning; and the use of dance, drama, and visual arts.


TOTAL UNITS
18 Units

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is 