https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/music/composition
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Music Major
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Minors 
Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
MUSIC MAJOR
Composition Concentration
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

Arrangers, songwriters, symphonists, copyists, and digital audio creators are in higher demand than ever before in history. Music pervades almost every aspect of our lives, and someone has to write it! A successful musical composition does not emerge from a cookie-cutter, institutional approach to music. It comes from a combination of rich life-learning experiences and expert musical guidance. The Composition Concentration offers one-on-one faculty mentorship that starts immediately after students demonstrate a solid basis in music theory. This one-on-one training typically lasts throughout the degree program, providing students a level of customization and detailed guidance that is unparalleled by most institutions.

If you would like to have a conversation with a professor about the Composition Concentration, please contact:

Dr. Tom Mueller
tom.mueller@cui.edu
(949) 214-3651  

COMPOSITION CONCENTRATION
17 Units
Composition concentration students must select MUS 303 in the music major.  Applied units in this concentration are in addition to the Musical Collaboration and Applications core of the music major.
MUCO 101: Private Lessons: Composition I
2

N/A

OR

MUCO 201: Private Lessons: Composition II
2

N/A

MUCO 301: Private Lessons: Composition III
4

N/A

OR

MUCO 401: Private Lessons: Composition IV
4

N/A

MUS 222: Intermediate Conducting
2

As a continuation of MUS 221, students will build upon their conducting skills with more advanced study in expressive gestures, left-hand independence, cueing, psychological conducting, and score preparation. Prerequisite: MUS 221.


MUS 306: Music Theory III: Commercial
3

An introduction to modern harmonic relationships found in jazz, contemporary pop and worship music, focusing on chord structure and function, plural interior chords, scalar relationships, and jazz and pop notation. Students will apply these concepts through improvisation, arranging and composition. Prerequisite: MUS 202; concurrent enrollment in MUS 323 is strongly recommended.

MUS 316: Music Technology II
2

Building on the skills attained in Music Technology I, this course is focused on the creation of music, utilizing state of the art music technology with an emphasis on preparing the student for vocation in the classroom, studio or stage. Prerequisite: MUS 216 or permission of instructor.


MUS 392: Practicum: Composition
1

Projects in music composition guided by a faculty mentor.


MUS 403: Instrumentation and Orchestration
3

The course focuses on the practical and artistic aspects of scoring for large instrumental and choral ensembles. A significant portion of the class will be devoted to a study of the tonal and technical characteristics of band and orchestral instruments. Through class readings, score study, and composition-oriented projects, students will build competence in arranging and composing for large ensembles. Prerequisite: MUS 303.


TOTAL UNITS
17 Units

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

