https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/music/instrumental-performance
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Music Major
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Minors 
Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
MUSIC MAJOR
Instrumental Performance Concentration
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

Concordia is, without a doubt, a rich atmosphere in which to ascend as a performing musician. A dedication to the Performance concentration will place the most challenging repertoire in front of students through rigorous one-on-one training with a highly accomplished professional performer as well as numerous ensemble performances that include expectations of musical leadership. Concordia graduates who have moved on to graduate school regularly comment that Concordia's performance atmosphere is richer than large schools for musician development because the strongest young undergraduates have opportunities to rise to principal chairs sooner while being challenged with a heavy, diverse performing schedule that is rare for undergraduates at many of the large music schools with many graduate students. When entering graduate school, they feel like more seasoned performers than their peers who attended brand name music schools.

For those with a heightened degree of dedication and concentration, Concordia can be an ideal training ground for a musical performer. However, it is rare for musicians to make the majority of their income as performers. Concordia will prepare students to perform with professional-level standards in an exceptional academic environment, which could propel students to graduate study, and which likely will propel them to become professors, teachers, and music directors who are best attuned to the highest standards in music.  Their achievements in collegiate music performance will provide a level of self-discipline, work ethic, and ability to complete difficult problem-solving tasks that is desperately sought after in any professional environment.

If you would like to have a conversation with a professor about the Instrumental Performance Concentration, please contact: 

Dr. Jeff Held 
jeff.held@cui.edu
(949) 214-3420

INSTRUMENTAL PERFORMANCE CONCENTRATION
20 Units
Instrumental Performance concentration students should take two-unit private lessons on their primary instrument in as many semesters as possible and must select MU_ 498 (Senior Recital) in the music major. Applied units in this concentration are in addition to the Musical Collaboration and Applications core of the music major.
MU__301-401: Applied Music: Primary Instrument
5

Applied Music: Primary Instrument

MUE_398: Junior Recital
1

Junior Recital

MUE_: Ensemble
2

Ensemble

MUS 307: Improvisation
2

Students will study musical improvisation in jazz and popular music through analysis of the work of great soloists and the application of genre-specific melodic, harmonic and rhythmic concepts. Prerequisites: MUS 303 or MUS 306.

CHOOSE 2 OF THE FOLLOWING FIVE AREAS:
10 Units
ENSEMBLE LEADERSHIP
Units
MUS 222: Intermediate Conducting
2

As a continuation of MUS 221, students will build upon their conducting skills with more advanced study in expressive gestures, left-hand independence, cueing, psychological conducting, and score preparation. Prerequisite: MUS 221.


MUS 412: Instrumental Methods and Repertoire
2

This advanced instrumental music methods course will focus on repertoire, rehearsal management, advanced conducting issues and techniques, pedagogy, planning, and administration. Prerequisites: MUS 202 and MUS 222 or consent of the instructor. Offered alternate years.


MUS 312: Brass Techniques
1

Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining brass instruments along with curricular concepts and materials for teaching beginning instrumentalists will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


OR

MUS 313: Percussion Techniques
1

Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining percussion instruments will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


OR

MUS 314: Woodwind Techniques
1

Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining woodwind instruments will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


OR

MUS 315: String Techniques
1

Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining string instruments will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


COMPOSITION
Units
MUS 403: Instrumentation a