ls. Basic music reading ability and musical experience recommended.


MUS 462: Music in Secondary Schools
2

This course will study the principles and practices for teaching music in secondary (middle and high) schools including philosophy, organization, curriculum development, and lesson-planning for general music. It will also prepare students to take the CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) in music. Prerequisites: MUS 261 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and MUS 461 (concurrent enrollment allowed). Offered alternate years.


MUS 471: Choral Methods and Repertoire
3

This advanced choral music methods course will focus on repertoire, rehearsal management, advanced conducting techniques, vocal pedagogy, planning, and administration. Prerequisites: MUS 202 and MUS 222 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


CHOOSE 3 UNITS FROM THE FOLLOWING:
3 Units
MUGU 101: Private Lessons: Guitar I
1

MUGU 101   Private Lessons: Guitar I   1,2 Unit

MUGU 201: Private Lessons: Guitar II
1

MUGU 201   Private Lessons: Guitar II   1,2 Unit

MUGU 301: Private Lessons: Guitar III
1

MUGU 301   Private Lessons: Guitar III   1,2 Unit

MUGU 401: Private Lessons: Guitar IV
1

MUGU 401   Private Lessons: Guitar IV   1,2 Unit

MUS 316: Music Technology II
2

Building on the skills attained in Music Technology I, this course is focused on the creation of music, utilizing state of the art music technology with an emphasis on preparing the student for vocation in the classroom, studio or stage. Prerequisite: MUS 216 or permission of instructor.


MUS 441: Handbell Methods and Repertoire
3

This course will study the organization and directing of handbell programs. The one (1)-unit course includes a philosophy of handbell ringing, methods for beginning ringers, materials and equipment, recruitment, and handbell literature for school and church. The two (2)-unit course adds literature, curriculum, and methods for more advanced ringers, small ensembles, and solos. The three (3)-unit course adds work in composition and arranging for handbells as well as advanced conducting. Prerequisites for one (1) or two (2) units: Experience with handbell ringing and familiarity with musical notation; for the three (3)-unit course: MUS 202 and MUS 222.

MUS 472: Vocal Pedagogy and Literature
3

A survey of voice anatomy, acoustics, physiology, hygiene and vocal development. The course will explore teaching singers of various ages and selection of age-appropriate repertoire. Prerequisite: MUVO 201 or MUVO 301 or MUVO 401.


TOTAL UNITS
20 Units

OPTIONAL: Lutheran Teacher Certificate (19 units); Please see Christ College Certificate Requirements for additional requirements.  Students typically complete Christ College Certificate Requirements during eight undergraduate semesters.

OPTIONAL:  California Teacher Credential (36 units); Course requirements are available from the School of Education. The path to a Preliminary CA Single Subject Music Credential usually includes nine semesters of coursework and an additional semester of student teaching. Students must pass the California Subject Examination for Teachers (CSET) prior to student teaching. They must also pass the California Basic Skills Test (CBEST) prior to receiving licensure.

However, according to a 2021 California law, students who graduate with a Bachelor of Art in Music degree are exempt from taking the CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers). Furthermore, students are exempt from taking the CBEST if they have received a grade of B- or better in college coursework in reading, writing, and mathematics. Eligible classes to fulfill the reading requirement include critical thinking, literature, P\forms\Submission Type 2 – Expedited Revisions philosophy, reading, rhetoric, or textual analysis. Eligible writing courses include composition, English, rhetoric, written communications, or writing. Eligible math classes include geometry, mathematics, quantitative reasoning, or statistics

* Concurrent enrollment with EDUC 101 or EDUC 204/EDSP 204 is strongly recommended.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our onli