https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/music/music-education
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Music Major
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Minors 
Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
MUSIC MAJOR
Pre-Teacher Certification Concentration (Music Education)
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

The Pre-Teacher Certification Concentration provides general skills, perspective, and knowledge for music leadership in schools, churches, and communities. Students take coursework in teaching methods (elementary and secondary level), instrumental techniques, curriculum, and select electives in other areas of interest. The Pre-Teacher Certification Concentration prepares students for a lifetime of service as music educators.

If you would like to have a conversation with a professor about the Pre-Teacher Certification Concentration, please contact: 

Dr. Christian Hauser 
christian.hauser@cui.edu
(949) 214-3421 

PRE-TEACHER CERTIFICATION CONCENTRATION
20 Units
Pre-Teacher Certification concentration students must select MUS 352 in the music major.  Applied units in this concentration are in addition to the Musical Collaboration and Applications core of the music major.  
MUS 222: Intermediate Conducting
2

As a continuation of MUS 221, students will build upon their conducting skills with more advanced study in expressive gestures, left-hand independence, cueing, psychological conducting, and score preparation. Prerequisite: MUS 221.


MUS 261: Introduction to Music Teaching
1

This course will explore career opportunities in music education including elementary, middle, and high school as well as studio pedagogy through readings, seminar discussions, and field experience in area schools and studios. Prerequisites: At least sophomore standing, MUS 102 or MUS 111 or MUS 112 or MUS 201 (concurrent enrollment allowed for all), or permission of instructor.


MUS 312: Brass Techniques
1

Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining brass instruments along with curricular concepts and materials for teaching beginning instrumentalists will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


MUS 313: Percussion Techniques
1

Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining percussion instruments will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


MUS 314: Woodwind Techniques
1

Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining woodwind instruments will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


MUS 315: String Techniques
1

Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining string instruments will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


MUS 412: Instrumental Methods and Repertoire
2

This advanced instrumental music methods course will focus on repertoire, rehearsal management, advanced conducting issues and techniques, pedagogy, planning, and administration. Prerequisites: MUS 202 and MUS 222 or consent of the instructor. Offered alternate years.


MUS 461: Music for Children
3

This course will enable students to identify, understand, and work with the music capabilities of children. The three (3)-unit course is required for music education and liberal studies majors and others interested in developing school music curricula and/or other special skills and projects. The two (2)-unit course is available to others primarily interested in preparing musical activities and cultivating classroom teaching skills. Basic music reading ability and musical experience recommended.


MUS 462: Music in Secondary Schools
2

This course will study the principles and practices for teaching music in secondary (middle and high) schools including philosophy, organization, curriculum development, and lesson-planning for general music. It will also prepare students to take the CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) in music. Prerequisites: MUS 261 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and MUS 461 (concurrent enrollment allowed). Offered alternate years.


MUS 471: Choral Methods and Repertoire
3

This advanced choral music methods course will focus on repertoire, rehearsal management, advanced conducting techniques, vocal pedagogy, planning, and administration. Prerequisites: MUS 202 and MUS 222 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


CHOOSE 3 UNITS FROM THE FOLLOWING:
3 Units
MUGU 101: Private Lessons: Guitar I
1

MUGU 101   Private Lessons: Guitar I   1,2 Unit

MUGU 201: Private Lesso