https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/music/music-education
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Music Major
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Minors 
Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
MUSIC MAJOR
Pre-Teacher Certification Concentration (Music Education)
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

The Pre-Teacher Certification Concentration provides general skills, perspective, and knowledge for music leadership in schools, churches, and communities. Students take coursework in teaching methods (elementary and secondary level), instrumental techniques, curriculum, and select electives in other areas of interest. The Pre-Teacher Certification Concentration prepares students for a lifetime of service as music educators.

If you would like to have a conversation with a professor about the Pre-Teacher Certification Concentration, please contact: 

Dr. Christian Hauser 
christian.hauser@cui.edu
(949) 214-3421 

PRE-TEACHER CERTIFICATION CONCENTRATION
20 Units
Pre-Teacher Certification concentration students must select MUS 352 in the music major.  Applied units in this concentration are in addition to the Musical Collaboration and Applications core of the music major.  
MUS 222: Intermediate Conducting
2

As a continuation of MUS 221, students will build upon their conducting skills with more advanced study in expressive gestures, left-hand independence, cueing, psychological conducting, and score preparation. Prerequisite: MUS 221.


MUS 261: Introduction to Music Teaching
1

This course will explore career opportunities in music education including elementary, middle, and high school as well as studio pedagogy through readings, seminar discussions, and field experience in area schools and studios. Prerequisites: At least sophomore standing, MUS 102 or MUS 111 or MUS 112 or MUS 201 (concurrent enrollment allowed for all), or permission of instructor.


MUS 312: Brass Techniques
1

Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining brass instruments along with curricular concepts and materials for teaching beginning instrumentalists will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


MUS 313: Percussion Techniques
1

Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining percussion instruments will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


MUS 314: Woodwind Techniques
1

Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining woodwind instruments will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


MUS 315: String Techniques
1

Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining string instruments will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


MUS 412: Instrumental Methods and Repertoire
2

This advanced instrumental music methods course will focus on repertoire, rehearsal management, advanced conducting issues and techniques, pedagogy, planning, and administration. Prerequisites: MUS 202 and MUS 222 or consent of the instructor. Offered alternate years.


MUS 461: Music for Children
3

This course will enable students to identify, understand, and work with the music capabilities of children. The three (3)-unit course is required for music education and liberal studies majors and others interested in developing school music curricula and/or other special skills and projects. The two (2)-unit course is available to others primarily interested in preparing musical activities and cultivating classroom teaching skills. Basic music reading ability and musical experience recommended.


MUS 462: Music in Secondary Schools
2

This course will study the principles and practices for teaching music in secondary (middle and high) schools including philosophy, organization, curriculum development, and lesson-planning for general music. It will also prepare students to take the CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) in music. Prerequisites: MUS 261 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and MUS 461 (concurrent enrollment allowed). Offered alternate years.


MUS 471: Choral Methods and Repertoire
3

This advanced choral music methods course will focus on repertoire, rehearsal management, advanced conducting techniques, vocal pedagogy, planning, and administration. Prerequisites: MUS 202 and MUS 222 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.


CHOOSE 3 UNITS FROM THE FOLLOWING:
3 Units
MUGU 101: Private Lessons: Guitar I
1

MUGU 101   Private Lessons: Guitar I   1,2 Unit

MUGU 201: Private Lessons: Guitar II
1

MUGU 201   Private Lessons: Guitar II   1,2 Unit

MUGU 301: Private Lessons: Guitar III
1

MUGU 301   Private Lessons: Guitar III   1,2 Unit

MUGU 401: Private Lessons: Guitar IV
1

MUGU 401   Private Lessons: Guitar IV   1,2 Unit

MUS 316: Music Technology II
2

Building on the skills attained in Music Technology I, this course is focused on the creation of music, utilizing state of the art music technology with an emphasis on preparing the student for vocation in the classroom, studio or stage. Prerequisite: MUS 216 or permission of instructor.


MUS 441: Handbell Methods and Repertoire
3

This course will study the organization and directing of handbell programs. The one (1)-unit course includes a philosophy of handbell ringing, methods for beginning ringers, materials and equipment, recruitment, and handbell literature for school and church. The two (2)-unit course adds literature, curriculum, and methods for more advanced ringers, small ensembles, and solos. The three (3)-unit course adds work in composition and arranging for handbells as well as advanced conducting. Prerequisites for one (1) or two (2) units: Experience with handbell ringing and familiarity with musical notation; for the three (3)-unit course: MUS 202 and MUS 222.

MUS 472: Vocal Pedagogy and Literature
3

A survey of voice anatomy, acoustics, physiology, hygiene and vocal development. The course will explore teaching singers of various ages and selection of age-appropriate repertoire. Prerequisite: MUVO 201 or MUVO 301 or MUVO 401.


TOTAL UNITS
20 Units

OPTIONAL: Lutheran Teacher Certificate (19 units); Please see Christ College Certificate Requirements for additional requirements.  Students typically complete Christ College Certificate Requirements during eight undergraduate semesters.

OPTIONAL:  California Teacher Credential (36 units); Course requirements are available from the School of Education. The path to a Preliminary CA Single Subject Music Credential usually includes nine semesters of coursework and an additional semester of student teaching. Students must pass the California Subject Examination for Teachers (CSET) prior to student teaching. They must also pass the California Basic Skills Test (CBEST) prior to receiving licensure.

However, according to a 2021 California law, students who graduate with a Bachelor of Art in Music degree are exempt from taking the CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers). Furthermore, students are exempt from taking the CBEST if they have received a grade of B- or better in college coursework in reading, writing, and mathematics. Eligible classes to fulfill the reading requirement include critical thinking, literature, P\forms\Submission Type 2 – Expedited Revisions philosophy, reading, rhetoric, or textual analysis. Eligible writing courses include composition, English, rhetoric, written communications, or writing. Eligible math classes include geometry, mathematics, quantitative reasoning, or statistics

* Concurrent enrollment with EDUC 101 or EDUC 204/EDSP 204 is strongly recommended.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

