https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/music/piano-performance
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Music Major
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Minors 
Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
MUSIC MAJOR
Piano Performance Concentration
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

Concordia is, without a doubt, a rich atmosphere in which to ascend as a performing musician. A dedication to the Performance concentration will place the most challenging repertoire in front of students through rigorous one-on-one training with a highly accomplished professional performer as well as numerous ensemble performances that include expectations of musical leadership. Concordia graduates who have moved on to graduate school regularly comment that Concordia's performance atmosphere is richer than large schools for musician development because the strongest young undergraduates have opportunities to rise to principal chairs sooner while being challenged with a heavy, diverse performing schedule that is rare for undergraduates at many of the large music schools with many graduate students. When entering graduate school, they feel like more seasoned performers than their peers who attended brand name music schools.

For those with a heightened degree of dedication and concentration, Concordia can be an ideal training ground for a musical performer. However, it is rare for musicians to make the majority of their income as performers. Concordia will prepare students to perform with professional-level standards in an exceptional academic environment, which could propel students to graduate study, and which likely will propel them to become professors, teachers, and music directors who are best attuned to the highest standards in music.  Their achievements in collegiate music performance will provide a level of self-discipline, work ethic, and ability to complete difficult problem-solving tasks that is desperately sought after in any professional environment.

If you would like to have a conversation with a professor about the Piano Performance Concentration, please contact: 

Dr. Tom Mueller
tom.mueller@cui.edu
(949) 214-3651

PIANO PERFORMANCE CONCENTRATION
16 Units
Piano Performance Concentration students must select MUS 303 and MUKP 498 in the music major. Applied units in this concentration are in addition to the Musical Collaboration and Applications core of the music major.
MUKP 301-401: Private Lessons: Piano
5

MUKP 301-401: Private Lessons: Piano

MUKP 398: Junior Recital: Piano
1

MUKP 398   Junior Recital: Piano   1 Unit

MUS 240: Introduction to Accompanying
2

Keyboard accompanying is a course designed to give keyboard players an introduction to accompanying and topics related to collaborative playing. It is an interactive course that will include class meetings to discuss topics related to the field of accompanying, individual coaching sessions, and a final project or performance. The keyboardist will have readings and assignments to complete outside of class and will be assigned musical partners (singers and instrumentalists) to work with throughout the semester. Prerequisite: Concurrent registration in MUKP 201 or MUKP 301 or MUKP 401.


MUS 442: Piano Pedagogy
2

This course explores aspects of piano pedagogy, teaching techniques, and instructional materials appropriate for beginning and intermediate students through research, discussion, observation of private teaching studio, and reading. The course will also provide opportunities to apply these principles in practical piano teaching. Prerequisite: MUKP 201 or MUKP 301 or MUKP 401 or permission of instructor.


MUS 443: Piano Literature
2

This course will inform students about the range and scope of piano repertoire. The course will study the pianist's standard repertoire from the Baroque to the present day, including elements of style, form, historical context, and stylistic characteristics of major composers. Prerequisite: MUKP 201 or MUKP 301 or MUKP 401.


CHOOSE 2 UNITS OF THE FOLLOWING:
Units
MUE 260: Piano Ensemble
0.5

This is a performance laboratory that explores and develops repertoire for 4 or more hands on both one piano and two pianos, with a focus on providing ensemble opportunity to students through a variety of musical styles and their interpretation. The course is open to all students with the permission of the instructor. Students will improve rehearsal skills, develop stronger musicianship, and improve interpretive skills.

MUE 262: Chamber Music Ensemble
0.5

Chamber Music Ensemble is designed to give singers and instrumentalists an introduction to working in chamber music settings which can include duos, trios, and quartets. It is a hands-on laboratory that will include meetings as a group with the instructor to discuss topics related to the field of chamber music as well as individual and group coaching sessions, and performances. Participants will be assigned musical partners to work with throughout the semester and will be expected to practice assigned music on their own and with their partners outside of class.

CHOOSE 2 UNITS FROM THE FOLLOWING:
Units
MUKI 101-401: Private Lessons: Keyboard Improvisation I-IV
1

Private Lessons: Keyboard Improvisation I-IV

MUKO 101-401: Private Lessons: Organ I-IV
1

MUKO 101-401: Private Lessons: Organ I-IV

TOTAL UNITS
16 Units

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

