t day, including elements of style, form, historical context, and stylistic characteristics of major composers. Prerequisite: MUKP 201 or MUKP 301 or MUKP 401.


CHOOSE 2 UNITS OF THE FOLLOWING:
Units
MUE 260: Piano Ensemble
0.5

This is a performance laboratory that explores and develops repertoire for 4 or more hands on both one piano and two pianos, with a focus on providing ensemble opportunity to students through a variety of musical styles and their interpretation. The course is open to all students with the permission of the instructor. Students will improve rehearsal skills, develop stronger musicianship, and improve interpretive skills.

MUE 262: Chamber Music Ensemble
0.5

Chamber Music Ensemble is designed to give singers and instrumentalists an introduction to working in chamber music settings which can include duos, trios, and quartets. It is a hands-on laboratory that will include meetings as a group with the instructor to discuss topics related to the field of chamber music as well as individual and group coaching sessions, and performances. Participants will be assigned musical partners to work with throughout the semester and will be expected to practice assigned music on their own and with their partners outside of class.

CHOOSE 2 UNITS FROM THE FOLLOWING:
Units
MUKI 101-401: Private Lessons: Keyboard Improvisation I-IV
1

Private Lessons: Keyboard Improvisation I-IV

MUKO 101-401: Private Lessons: Organ I-IV
1

MUKO 101-401: Private Lessons: Organ I-IV

TOTAL UNITS
16 Units

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Borland-Manske Center
for Music, Worship & Theology
DEDICATED OCTOBER 5, 2019

VIEW GALLERY

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

