tice rooms in the Borland-Manske Center (app. 6am-midnight).
Practice rooms are available on a first-come first-served basis. There is almost always practice room availability.
Organ and piano students will have practice access to Concordia’s three pipe organs and concert and practice grand pianos.
‌
Other Amenities
A student ID card will be issued to each MPA, allowing access to amenities on campus including student rates for the cafeteria, free parking privileges, and after-business hours access to practice rooms.
Students with part-time status may apply for student worker jobs.
MPAs may enroll in classes for the part-time tuition rate ($1063/unit for credit, $266/unit to audit).
‌
Cost

Concordia’s published part-time tuition rates apply.

Music Lessons: $1,216 for 14 hours of private lessons (2 units) or $608 for 7 hours of private lessons (1 unit)
Ensemble: The audit fee is used: $266 per ensemble (not for college credit).
Jazz/Commercial/Chamber is at a reduced rate of $133 per ensemble. Any tour fees assessed to students will also be applied to MPA’s, when ensembles go on tour (the majority of cost is subsidized by the university budget).
Recital: $40 fee per recitalist; $350 accompanist fee applies for full recitals.
‌
Limitations
No student under the age of 18 will be admitted as an MPA.
If a performance area or section is approaching capacity, MPA’s will not be selected in that area.
Full-time undergraduate students will be given seating/soloist priority in ensembles. However, the repertoire loads are often heavy, allowing directors some flexibility in an attempt to serve the needs of undergraduates as well as MPA’s on principal parts. The ensemble conductor will discuss your likely placement in advance.
On-campus housing is primarily for full-time students; however, under certain circumstances, housing may be made available to students with part-time status. As part-time students, MPA’s under the age of 25 who are interested in on-campus housing may petition the Associate Dean for Residential Education and Housing Services.
‌
Attendance/Duration/Right of Dismissal

MPA's must commit to a full semester of participation. Missed rehearsals/performances create a liability for ensembles, so MPA's are expected to have the same commitment level as undergraduate students. Please do not apply for the program if you are not sure about your ability to commit to rehearsal and performance schedules, which are finalized at the beginning of each semester. Students failing to meet attendance requirements, as indicated in ensemble and private lesson syllabi, will be dismissed from the program and no refund will be given. Ensemble directors reserve the right to dismiss students if they do not maintain good standing in the ensemble.

How to Inquire Further

Please reach out to an area director to schedule an audition and meeting to discuss potential involvement as a Music Performance Associate.

Collaborative Piano
Dr. HyeJung Shin, Director of Collaborative Piano and Chamber Music
hyejung.shin@cui.edu

Commercial/Worship Music
Prof. Steve Young, Director of Recording Studio and Commercial/Worship Music
steve.young@cui.edu

Jazz, Organ, Piano
Dr. Tom Mueller, Director of Keyboard and Jazz Studies
tom.mueller@cui.edu

Orchestral Instruments
Dr. Jeff Held, Director of Orchestral Activities
jeff.held@cui.edu

Voice
Dr. Michael Busch, Director of Choral and Vocal Activities
michael.busch@cui.edu

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

