n Guild of Organists (AGO) in Boston, Massachusetts, and was honored by The Diapason as a member of the inaugural “20 Under 30” list of influential figures in the world of organ and church music in 2015. 

He maintains an active concert schedule, and frequently performs across the United States and Europe. In 2010, he performed the complete organ works of J. S. Bach in a series of seventeen concerts in his native state of Maine. He has received numerous commissions for new choral and liturgical works, and performances of his compositions have been broadcast on national radio and television. As an organist, his recording credits include Scott Perkin’s A New England Requiem and O Beauty Ever Ancient Ever New by the Choir of St. James’, both of which were released on the Gothic label. His organ music is published by ECS. 

Research interests include the early organ and keyboard works of J. S. Bach, the performance practice of organ continuo playing in the classical-era concerted sacred music of Germany and Austria, and the American reception of the nineteenth-century opera star Jenny Lind. He has presented workshops, masterclasses, and lectures for numerous organizations, including numerous AGO chapters, and has served as a faculty member for the AGO’s Pipe Organ Encounter (POE) program for young organists. He has held professional leadership and committee positions at regional and national levels of the AGO and the Association of Lutheran Musicians. 

Mueller earned the Doctor of Musical Arts degree at the Eastman School of Music. He also holds degrees from the University of Notre Dame (M.S.M. in organ), and the University of Maine at Augusta (B.M. in jazz composition and piano), where he graduated summa cum laude. He resides in Orange County with his wife and daughters.

Publications
Mueller, Tom. “Seven Versets on Wie schön leuchtet der Morgenstern.” St. Louis, MO: ECS, 2023.
Mueller, Tom. “A New Evaluation of ‘Wie schön leuchtet der Morgenstern,’ BWV 739.” In CrossAccent 2020, no. 2: 16–25.
Mueller, Tom. “Mindful Hymnody and Leadership.” In In Tempo 2018, no. 2.
Mueller, Tom. “Towards the Recovery of Authentic Organ Continuo Practice in Haydn’s Concerted Sacred Music.” In Online Journal of the Haydn Society of North America 7, no. 2 (Fall 2017).
Mueller, Tom. “The 2016 EROI Festival—Breath for Singing: The Organ and the Human Voice.” In The Diapason 1293 (2017): 22.
Papers, Presentations, and Workshops
“Symbolism and Rhetoric in Bach's Orgelbüchlein,” American Guild of Organists, Long Beach Chapter, January 2021
“Organ Consoles and Hymn Registrations for Church Musicians,” LCMS All Workers Conference, November 2020
“Leading the Church’s Song from the Organ,” Association of Lutheran Church Musicians Conference, Portland, OR, June 2019
“J. S. Bach’s Clavier-Übung III,” St. John’s Lutheran Church, Orange, CA, February 2019
“Text-Driven Interpretation and Leadership in Congregational Hymnody,” Lectures in Church Music, River Forest, IL, October 2018
“Musical Poetics: Rhetoric and Music in the Seventeenth Century and Applications for Modern Liberal Education,” Association for Core Texts and Courses 24th Annual Conference, Framingham, MA, April 2018
“Why Art? Music, History, and Faith Through the Eyes of Heinrich Schütz,” Concordia University Irvine Enduring Questions and Ideas Forum, September 2017.
“A Leader and a Servant: Preparing Hymns for Congregational Singing,” LCMS Institute for Preaching, Liturgy, and Church Music, Chicago, July 2017
“Organ Continuo Practice in Viennese Concerted Sacred Music,” American Guild of Organists National Convention, Houston, June 2016
“Jenny Lind Sheet Music in Pre-Lindomania America,” North American Conference for Nineteenth-Century Music, Andover, MA, July 2015
“Seventeenth-Century Influences on the Earliest Organ Works of J. S. Bach,” University of Notre Dame, October 2014
“A New Evaluation of ‘Wie schön leuchtet der Morgenstern,’ BWV 739,” American Guild of Organists National Convention, Boston, June 2014
Professional Service and Memberships
Region 4 President and Board Member, Association of Lutheran Church Musicians, 2018–2023
Chair, Organ Study Grant Program, Orange County AGO, 2018–2023
Member, Committee for Continuing Professional Education (CCPE), American Guild of Organists, 2015–present
Co-chair, Programming Committee, American Guild of Organists 2019 Regional Convention
Subdean, Orange County AGO chapter, 2015–2017
Member, Association of Lutheran Church Musicians
Member, Organ Historical Society
Member, Education Committee, Los Angeles AGO chapter, 2014–2016
Current Teaching
MUS 303 Music Theory III
MUS 304 Music Theory IV
MUS 305 Arranging
MUS 403 Orchestration and Instrumentation
MUS 430 History and Analysis of Modern Music
Applied Organ
Applied Composition
Applied Harpsichord
Applied Jazz Piano
Director, Concordia Jazz Orchestra and Ensembles
Director, Concordia Americana Ensemble
Past Teaching Assignments
MUS 102 Music Fundamentals
MUS 111 Experiences in Musi