mbone and the Sublime in the works of Beethoven,” explores the profound role of the trombone as a musical embodiment of the presence of God, or Coram Deo, and discusses its contribution to the aesthetics of the sublime in compositions by Ludwig van Beethoven. By drawing on an interdisciplinary approach combining musicology, theology, and aesthetics, it assesses recurring motives, orchestration choices, and other musical techniques that emphasize the trombone’s association with the divine. By examining the special role of the trombone as an instrument with a distinctive range of expressive and spiritual associations, the publication strives to provide more understanding of the relationship between the trombone, spirituality, and the sublime.

He holds his Bachelor of Music degree from the USC Thornton School of Music, a Master of Music and Doctor in Musical Arts degree from the UCLA Herb Alpert School of Music.

Bristow, Christina
Intro to Music Teaching,
Music in Secondary Schools
 
brendan.mcbrien@cui.edu
Intro to Music Teaching, Music in Secondary Schools
Shin, HyeJung
Intro to Accompanying
(949) 214-3415
hyejung.shin@cui.edu
Intro to Accompanying
Biography

Dr. HyeJung Shin, a native of Korea, is an active collaborative pianist and vocal coach. As a collaborative pianist, Dr. Shin has given numerous performances in Korea, the United States, Austria, Canada and Japan. Dr. Shin has worked extensively in recitals and masterclasses with renowned musicians, including Barbara Bonney, Graham Johnson, Martin Katz, Jake Heggie, John Musto, Linda Watson, Gabriele Lechner, Jennifer Ringo, Speranza Scappucci and Warren Johnson.

Passionate about chamber music, she performed and studied at the Aspen Music Festival as a recipient of the Lynette Gutner Memorial Fellowship under Prof. Rita Sloan. Dr. Shin also appeared in many music festivals such as Song Fest, CA, Grandin Festival, OH, Brevard Music Festival, NC, Bay View Music Festival, MI and the Vancouver International Song Institute, BC, Canada. In the summers 2015-2018, Dr. Shin joined the American Institute of Musical Studies in Graz, Austria as a repetitor and also performed in the International Double Reed Society Conference, Tokyo in Japan in 2015. Dr. Shin was the pianist for the University of Southern California (USC) Thornton Chamber Singers, under the direction of Jo-Michael Scheibe, a former national president of the American Choral Director’s Association (ACDA).

Dr. Shin received the Master of Music degree in collaborative piano with full scholarship under the instruction of Kenneth Griffiths from the College-Conservatory of Music at the University of Cincinnati. Dr. Shin earned her Doctor of Musical Arts degree in Keyboard Collaborative Arts as a teaching assistant under Dr. Alan Smith at the Thornton School of Music at the University of Southern California. Dr. Shin was elected to Pi Kappa Lambda by Eta Chapter of the National Music Honors Society in 2017 and is a recipient of the Gwendolyn and Adolph Koldofsky Memorial Endowed Scholarship, Keyboard Collaborative Arts Ensemble Award and the Keyboard Collaborative Arts Department Award at the University of Southern California. Dr. Shin has served as a principal musician at the University of California Los Angeles, Herb Alpert School of Music and currently works at Concordia University, Irvine as a vocal coach/collaborative pianist.

Whitten, Emma
Planning Music in Christian Worship
 
emma.whitten@cui.edu
Planning Music in Christian Worship
Part-Time Music Faculty
Gray, Donavon
Resident Faculty, Director of Handbell Activities and Music Education
(949) 214-3412
donavon.gray@cui.edu
Resident Faculty, Director of Handbell Activities and Music Education
Biography

Dr. Donavon Gray has recently accepted the position as Resident Professor of Music at Concordia University, Irvine. Previous to this position, he was invited to be the Executive Arts Director at Shantou University: Shantou, China where he guided nine professors and 3000 students within the Arts Education Center. From 1991 until 2015 Dr. Gray was at Azusa Pacific University. His varying responsibilities included: Associate Dean for the School of Music, Director of Bands, Wind Ensemble, Handbells, Graduate Music Education Chair, and conducting classes for undergraduate and graduate students. Previous music faculty positions include Biola University, Cerritos College, and Director of Bands at Bellflower Christian Schools in Cerritos, California. Dr. Gray has been a guest conductor, lecturer, performer, and clinician throughout the United States, China, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Russia, Greece, Thailand, Australia, England, Germany, Singapore, Indonesia, Armenia (directing the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra) and Carnegie Hall. His international experience also included duties as Faculty/Director in Residence at Oxford University: Oxford, England. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Dordt College, Master’s degree from the University of Northe