https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/music/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Music Major
Curriculum
Concentrations 
Minors 
Facilities
Faculty
Get Started
MUSIC MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Full-time Music Faculty
Busch, Michael
Professor
Director of Choral and Vocal Activities
(949) 214-3414
michael.busch@cui.edu
Professor, Director of Choral Activities
Biography

Dr. Michael Busch is professor of music at Concordia University Irvine, where he serves as Director of Choral and Vocal Activities. His teaching responsibilities include the areas of conducting, music theory, and choral methods. His work with the Concordia Choir and the Concordia Master Chorale is featured in an acclaimed concert series which annually attracts filled-to-capacity audiences to the Concordia Center for Worship and Performing Arts. He has led the Concordia Choir on concert ministry tours throughout the United States, as well as through Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Hungary, Canada, Brazil, Argentina, and Italy. Most recently, he conducted the Concordia Choir on a tour through Germany and Austria to commemorate the 500th anniversary of the Reformation, where they were featured at the impressive Berliner Dom, the Salzburg Residenz, and the Wittenberg Castle Church where Martin Luther nailed his 95 theses and started the Reformation.

Dr. Busch received the doctor of musical arts degree in the literature and performance of choral music from the University of Colorado, Boulder. His attained his master’s degree in both the fields of choral conducting and organ performance from San Jose State University. His work has been influenced by his studies with Charlene Archibeque, Lynn Whitten, Alan Luhring, and Roger Nyquist. Prior to his arrival at Concordia, he taught choral music at every grade level and administered large choral and orchestral music ministry programs in California and Colorado. It is his great joy share his passion for music and to mentor musicians desiring to serve as music educators and church music leaders.

At Concordia, Dr. Busch instituted the MasterWorks Concert series which features performances of major choral works with professional orchestra. Under his direction, these concerts have included such works as the Bach Mass in B Minor, Mendelssohn Elijah, Mozart Grand Mass in C Minor, Haydn Lord Nelson Mass, Poulenc Gloria, Honegger King David, Handel Messiah, Mozart Requiem, Bach Magnificat, Bernstein Chichester Psalms, Mendelssohn St. Paul, Vaughan Williams Dona nobis pacem, Duruflé Requiem, and the Bach St. Matthew Passion.

In addition to his duties at Concordia, Dr. Busch is active as a guest conductor, festival organist, choral adjudicator and workshop leader at clinics, conventions and festival events throughout the western United States. He has served as Repertoire and Standards Chair for Music in Worship for the western division states of the American Choral Directors Association (ACDA) and has presented at conferences of the ACDA and Chorister’s Guild. He is the proud father of three boys and is happily married to his bride of over thirty years.

Education
San Jose State University, CA, B.M. Music, 1987
San Jose State University, CA, M.A., 1989
University of Colorado, Boulder, D.M.A., 1999
Teaching
Conductor, The Concordia Choir
Conductor, Concordia Master Chorale
Music Theory
Conducting
Choral Methods
Hauser, Christian
Associate Professor
Director of Music Education
(949) 214-3421 
christian.hauser@cui.edu
Associate Professor, Director of Music Education
Biography

Dr. Christian Hauser taught at Concordia University Chicago for nine years previous to his appointment as Associate Professor of Music at Concordia University Irvine. He completed his Ph.D. in music education from the University of North Texas received his graduate and undergraduate degrees from Belmont University in Nashville, Tennessee. Dr. Hauser is Kodály certified (Level II), Conversational Solfege (Levels I & II), Dalcroze certified and has completed all three levels of Orff certification, including a master class. In addition to teaching all the music education methods courses, he has taught Songwriting, Orchestration & Arranging, Music of World Cultures, Music Technology, Survey of Western Music, Exploration of Music and private piano and composition lessons.

Dr. Hauser is also an active composer. He wrote a 20-minute orchestral composition The Circus Train, which has been performed by the Houston, Colorado Music Festival, Sioux City and Nashville Symphony Orchestras as part of their Young Person Concerts. He received a commission from the Nashville Ballet Company to compose a jazz ballet which was performed over 30 times throughout Metro-Nashville Public schools as part of the Ballet’