 HMA (Handbell Musicians of America) events in Southern California. Having over 18 years of ringing experience, he currently rings with St. John's Cathedral Bells.

Doolittle, Andrew
Guitar
andrew.doolittle@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Guitar

Andrew Doolittle has performed with a broad palette of artists representing a wide variety of styles, including Rita Wilson, Idina Menzel, Taylor Hicks, Joy Williams (The Civil Wars), David Tao (陶喆), A-Mei (阿妹), Patti Page, the Pasadena Pops and the Houston Symphony. He has performed on TV shows including the The Tonight Show, Jimmy Kimmel Live! and The Today Show. Andrew earned his BM in jazz performance from The Oberlin Conservatory of Music and his MM in jazz performance from The New England Conservatory of Music. He keeps an extensive live performance schedule and his guitar work can often be heard in film trailers, video games and TV shows.

Guebert, Alex
Director of Concert Bells
alexander.guebert@cui.edu
Director of Concert Bells
Biography

Alex Guebert is a composer, arranger, clinician, percussionist, music director and music teacher from Orange, California. Besides leading Concert Handbells at CUI, Alex is the Director of Worship and Music at St. John's Lutheran Church in Orange. He also directs two other advanced-level handbell groups: Cathedral Bells (at St. John's) and L.A. Bronze Ensemble. His award-winning handbell compositions and arrangements have been published and performed nationwide and overseas. Alex's compositional style is a result of his background as a percussionist, his love of film and video game score, and his desire to broaden the horizons of handbell repertoire. Alex holds an M.M. in Music Composition from Cal State Long Beach, where his graduate recital featured a 25-minute work for handbells, strings, and percussion. Some of Alex's most recent forays into the national scene of handbells include teaching classes at Handbell Musicians of America national and local seminars and leading several mass ring events. Alex lives in Orange with his wife Heather who works as a scientist in the Orange County Crime Lab, and little daughter Emma Joy, who shares her dad's love of music and her mom's scientific curiosity about the world!

Hornung, Chris
Double Bass
chris.hornung@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Double Bass

Chris Hornung received his Bachelor of Music degree from Western Michigan University and his Master of Music degree from Michigan State University. An active double bassist, he is the principal bass of the Dana Point Symphony, Symphony Irvine and Orchestra Collective of Orange County, and was principal of the Orange County Symphony from 2008-2016. In the past he performed with the Kalamazoo, Jackson, Lansing, Battle Creek and West Michigan Symphonies, Opera Tampa, and the California Chamber Orchestra. Chris is also active as a chamber musician and solo recitalist, and has been featured as a soloist twice with the Orange County Symphony.

In addition to teaching at Concordia, Chris has worked with private students of all ages and as a sectional coach at numerous high schools. In the summers he is a faculty member at Blue Lake Fine Arts Camp in Michigan, where he teaches double bass and music history in addition to performing as principal bass of the Festival Orchestra. Chris is also on faculty at Chaffey College where he teaches bass, Music Appreciation and History of Rock, and at Coastline College where he teaches Music Appreciation, History of Rock and History of Jazz and is chair of the Visual and Performing Arts department.

Johnson, Elizabeth
Violin
elizabeth.johnson@cui.edu
Biography

Professor Johnson teaches at Concordia as well as her own private violin studio. She has performed with The American Ballet Theatre, The Joffrey Ballet, The Bolshoi Ballet and touring Broadway shows including "The Light in the Piazza", "The Color Purple", "The Music of Andrew Lloyd Webber", "South Pacific", "West Side Story", Disney's "The Lion King" and "White Christmas". In addition, she is also an active freelance musician with local symphonies in the Los Angeles and Orange County areas, a studio recording musician for the movies, and has performed with various artists including Andrea Bocelli, Josh Groban, Bebe Newirth, The Vandals and Steve Perry.

Education
Graduate Performance Diploma from the Peabody Conservatory of Music at the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland
Master of Music from the Peabody Conservatory of Music at the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland
Bachelor of Music - University of California, Irvine
Teaching
Individual Violin Lessons
Kirby, Gretchen
Harp
gretchen.kirby@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Harp
Biography

Gretchen Sheetz Kirby is a solo, chamber, and orchestral harpist in Southern California and an adjunct professor at Concordia University Irvine. While classically trained, Gretchen has enjoyed performances featuring a diverse range of repertoires, including jazz combo gigs, musical theatre shows (such as The F