ist, vocal/instrumental coach, and chamber musician. As a collaborative pianist, she has given numerous performances in Korea, the United States, Austria, Canada and Japan. She has worked extensively in recitals and masterclasses with renowned musicians, including Barbara Bonney, Graham Johnson, Martin Katz, Jake Heggie, John Musto, Linda Watson, Gabriele Lechner, Jennifer Ringo, Speranza Scappucci and Warren Johnson. As a passionate chamber musician, Dr. Shin performed and studied at the Aspen Music Festival as a recipient of the Lynette Gutner Memorial Fellowship under Prof. Rita Sloan.

She also appeared in many music festivals such as Song Fest, CA, Grandin Festival, OH, Brevard Music Festival, NC, Bay View Music Festival, MI and the Vancouver International Song Institute, BC, Canada. In summer of 2015-2022, she was invited as a repetitor to the American Institute of Musical Studies in Graz, Austria and she will be returning to the festival this summer in 2022. She was also invited as a performer to the International Double Reed Society Conference, Tokyo in Japan in 2015. She has been actively involved in choral ensembles. She was the pianist for the University of Southern California (USC) Thornton Chamber Singers, under the direction of JoMichael Scheibe, a former national president of the American Choral Director’s Association (ACDA).

Dr. Shin received the Master of Music degree in collaborative piano with full scholarship under the instruction of Kenneth Griffiths from the College-Conservatory of Music at the University of Cincinnati. She earned her Doctor of Musical Arts degree in Keyboard Collaborative Arts as a teaching assistant under Dr. Alan Smith at the Thornton School of Music at the University of Southern California. She was elected to Pi Kappa Lambda by Eta Chapter of the National Music Honors Society in 2017 and is a recipient of the Gwendolyn and Adolph Koldofsky Memorial Endowed Scholarship, Keyboard Collaborative Arts Ensemble Award and the Keyboard Collaborative Arts Department Award at the University of Southern California.

Dr. Shin has served as a principal musician at the University of California Los Angeles, Herb Alpert School of Music. She currently works at Concordia University, Irvine where she is director of Chamber Music and Collaborative Piano, a vocal and instrumental coach/collaborative pianist, director of the Concordia Music Competition and the Summer Chamber Music Camp. She also works at the Orange County School of Arts as an instructor and St. Andrew’ Presbyterian Church, Newport Beach as a pianist.

Turner, Jared
Viola
jared.turner@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Jared Turner is an Orange County freelance violist and educator. He is a member of the Redlands Symphony and has performed with the Pacific Symphony, San Bernardino Symphony and Opera Pacific. As part of the Orange County Philharmonic Society’s Meet the Musicians program, he performed string quartets bringing chamber music to elementary schools throughout Orange County. He has been a part of recording projects of many different musical genres including pop, jazz, gospel, and soundtracks.

Jared Turner teaches viola at Concordia University Irvine and privately. He also has worked as a sectional coach and performed side by side concerts with Orange County Symphony Orchestra, Pacific Symphony Youth Orchestra, Music Sur la Mer Orchestra, and with local high schools. He received his Master of Music from the University of Texas at Austin studying with Professor Roger Myers and his Bachelor of Music with Professor Robert Becker.

Van Der Sluys, Jaime
Vocalist
jaime.vandersluys@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Vocalist
Biography

Jaime Van Der Sluys, originally from Snellville, Georgia, is an accomplished performer, educator, studio singer, arranger, and songwriter currently residing in Long Beach. She entertains audiences with her sincere approach, wide stylistic range, and natural presence. During her career as a vocalist she has performed at Herb Alpert’s Vibrato Jazz Grill, the Dolby Theatre for the Pitch Perfect 3 Premier, The Queen Mary, Disneyland's Club 1901,The Blue Whale Jazz Club as well as many other exciting venues across the country. She can be seen performing regularly throughout the greater Los Angeles area.

Jaime was the featured vocalist in the Stars Wars for Kinect video game on the song “Naturally.” She was a member of the a cappella pop/jazz caroling group Snowfall which was created by Grammy-winning arranger and producer for the Pentatonix, Ben Bram. As a background vocalist, Jaime recorded with the indie/alternative rock band Lord Huron on their most recent album Long Lost. She performed their single “Mine Forever” on the Late Late Show with James Corden. Jaime was a member of the choir for the Rolling Stones tour at Petco Park in San Diego. She also sang with the Josh Tatum Band who were the opening act for Bon Jovi.

Jaime holds a Masters in jazz studies from California State University Long B