 the University of North Texas received his graduate and undergraduate degrees from Belmont University in Nashville, Tennessee. Dr. Hauser is Kodály certified (Level II), Conversational Solfege (Levels I & II), Dalcroze certified and has completed all three levels of Orff certification, including a master class. In addition to teaching all the music education methods courses, he has taught Songwriting, Orchestration & Arranging, Music of World Cultures, Music Technology, Survey of Western Music, Exploration of Music and private piano and composition lessons.

Dr. Hauser is also an active composer. He wrote a 20-minute orchestral composition The Circus Train, which has been performed by the Houston, Colorado Music Festival, Sioux City and Nashville Symphony Orchestras as part of their Young Person Concerts. He received a commission from the Nashville Ballet Company to compose a jazz ballet which was performed over 30 times throughout Metro-Nashville Public schools as part of the Ballet’s educational outreach. He also has received multiple grants to compose, direct and produce children’s musicals and several research grants. He wrote and produced a CD entitled, “Johnathan Craine and the Thing That Goes Bump in the Jungle,” which received awards as the Best Children's Education Award category (ages 4-8) and Best Children's Spoken Word CD (ages 8-12) from the Children’s Music Web Awards contest.

Dr. Hauser has worked in the Nashville music industry and has received album credit for several national produced records as either as a songwriter, producer or recording engineer. He has also served as worship director at many churches he has attended. He plays a variety of instruments including the piano, organ, guitar, ukulele and djembe.

Dr. Hauser is an active clinician and researcher. He has presented at many national conferences and Kodály and Orff teacher training workshops. His research interests include creativity, composition and technology.

Held, Jeff
Assistant Dean - School of Arts & Sciences
Director of Arts Activities
Professor
Director of Orchestral Activities
(949) 214-3420
jeff.held@cui.edu
Assistant Dean - School of Arts & Sciences, Director of Arts Activities, Professor, Director of Instrumental Activities
Biography

"A very strong musical personality." (Glenn Price)

Jeff Held is a multi-faceted leader and professor at Concordia University Irvine.

He leads Arts Activities and Music as an Assistant Dean in the School of Arts and Sciences. In that role, he has led the music faculty as they have made significant contributions to the build-out of the music department to its full scope, including an innovative music major, accreditation with NASM, major facilities upgrades, and student enrollment growth. He also supports the faculty of the art, graphic art, theatre, and dance programs.

Dr. Held is the music director of both the Concordia Wind Orchestra and the Concordia Symphony Orchestra. Since his appointment in 2005 as the founding full-time faculty member of these ensembles, he has established a programming structure that puts students in many orchestral ensemble roles - encompassing wind orchestra, symphony orchestra, baroque, church, and chamber music. Utilizing creative combinations of all of these options, he has become one of the most creative concert programmers for collegiate music ensembles, to the delight and edification of audiences and performers.

In a teaching capacity, Dr. Held introduces many students to the vast world of music and its history through his online class, MUS 112: Music in the Liberal Arts. This class serves Concordia's Q&I curriculum by addressing the question, "Why Art?" Dr. Held also prepares music majors to conduct orchestras.

Dr. Held received the Doctor of Musical Arts in Music Education from Boston University. His research interest was comparing learning atmospheres for music majors between large and small universities. He received a master's degree from The American Band College at Southern Oregon University and an undergraduate degree in music from Valparaiso University. In addition, he completed the Lutheran Teaching Colloquy from Concordia University Irvine. His career began as band director and music department chairman at Orange Lutheran High School, where he established a prominent concert band, jazz band, and handbell ensemble.

Education
D.M.A. Music Education – Boston University
M.A. Arts and Letters – The American Band College (Southern Oregon University)
B.A. Music – Valparaiso University
Lutheran Teaching Certificate – Concordia University Irvine
Teaching
Music Director, Concordia Wind Orchestra
Music Director, Concordia Symphony Orchestra
MUS 412: Instrumental Methods and Repertoire
MUS 112 (OL): Music in the Liberal Arts
Mueller, Tom
Music Department Chair
Professor
University Organist
Director of Keyboard, Church Music, and Jazz
(949) 214-3651
tom.mueller@cui.edu
Music Department Chair, Professor, University Organist, Director of Keyboard, Chu