vid Oakes and James Smith. Donovan graduated from the studio guitar program with honors from USC in 2005. Donovan is currently working towards his master's degree in Jazz Studies from California State University, Long Beach under the direction of Ron Eschete.

Donovan works regularly as a performing guitarist in both solo performance as well as with several groups and ensembles. Some of Donovan's clients include Princess Cruise Lines, The Orange County Financial Society, Congressman John Campbell (R-California), Considerate Done Entertainment, the Embassy Suites Hotel, In Good Company Entertainment, and many more.

Donovan is currently endorsed by Strum-N-Comfort thumb picks as well as Line 6 guitars and effects and continues to perform regularly in the Los Angeles and Orange County areas. Donovan is currently working on a CD of original music for solo guitar, which he hopes to finish by the end of the year.

Schlitt, William
Percussion
william.schlitt@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Percussion
Biography

William Schlitt is an accomplished percussion performer and educator. A native to Southern California, he has been active in the music industry for over 35 years.

His teachers include Hollywood studio legends Hal Rees and Earl Hatch, as well as jazz great Chuck Flores and the Los Angeles Philharmonic's Raynor Carroll.

He has performed as a recording artist for a variety of motion pictures, television and audio recordings and was formerly principal percussionist with Music Theater of Southern California. He has performed under such conductors as Pierre Boulez, Robert Shaw, Christoph Eschenbach, and Esa-Pekka Salonen and premiered a work by composer John Cage. Continuing to be active as a freelance musician in Southern California, Bill works with groups such as the Angeles Chorale, the Crystal Cathedral Orchestra, and the Karousel Kids Theater Group. He also currently performs as timpanist with the Redlands Symphony, and as an extra percussionist with the Los Angeles Philharmonic.

As an educator, Bill has authored the drumset method book, Rock Connection, and is in demand as a percussion clinician. He currently serves on the faculty at Concordia University-Irvine, the University of Redlands, Azusa Pacific University, California State Polytechnic University-Pomona, Vanguard University, and the Idyllwild Arts Academy. For the last eighteen years he has been on the faculty of the Idyllwild Arts Summer Festival where he coaches students from around the world to play at the famed Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles.

Shan, Clarissa
Voice
clarissa.shan@cui.edu
Biography

Dr. Clarissa Shan joins the Concordia University Irvine Music Faculty in the Fall 2015 Semester. Dr. Shan received a doctorate of musical arts degree at the University of Southern California Thornton School of Music. She also holds a master’s degree from USC and a bachelor of arts degree from La Sierra University.

Dr. Shan is an active soprano performer throughout southern California. She has sung roles such as The Queen of the Night in Mozart’s Die Zauberflöte, Cendrillon in Viardot's Cendrillon,Lauretta and Nella in Gianni Schicchi, Crobyle in Massenet’s Thaïs,Giannetta in Donizetti's L'elisir d'amore, Cissy in Albert Herring, and Annina in La Traviata. Ms. Shan’s other major works include soprano solos in the Bach Cantata 140, Fauré Requiem in D minor, Handel Messiah, Mozart’s Coronation Mass and Mass in C minor, Rutter Requiem and Magnificat, and the Vivaldi Gloria.

Ms. Shan has won first place in competitions such as the Burbank Philharmonic Orchestra Young Artist Competition, the Redlands Bowl Young Artist Competition, and the grand prize in the Brentwood Symphony Young Artist Competition. Besides performing, Ms. Shan also shares her passion of music with the younger generation by teaching voice to undergraduate students as well as classes at USC.

Shin, HyeJung
Vocal Coach
hyejung.shin@cui.edu
Biography

Dr. HyeJung Shin, a native of Korea, is an active pianist, vocal/instrumental coach, and chamber musician. As a collaborative pianist, she has given numerous performances in Korea, the United States, Austria, Canada and Japan. She has worked extensively in recitals and masterclasses with renowned musicians, including Barbara Bonney, Graham Johnson, Martin Katz, Jake Heggie, John Musto, Linda Watson, Gabriele Lechner, Jennifer Ringo, Speranza Scappucci and Warren Johnson. As a passionate chamber musician, Dr. Shin performed and studied at the Aspen Music Festival as a recipient of the Lynette Gutner Memorial Fellowship under Prof. Rita Sloan.

She also appeared in many music festivals such as Song Fest, CA, Grandin Festival, OH, Brevard Music Festival, NC, Bay View Music Festival, MI and the Vancouver International Song Institute, BC, Canada. In summer of 2015-2022, she was invited as a repetitor to the American Institute of Musical Studies in Graz, Austria and she will be returning to the festival this summer in 2022. She was also invited