e at Southern Oregon University and an undergraduate degree in music from Valparaiso University. In addition, he completed the Lutheran Teaching Colloquy from Concordia University Irvine. His career began as band director and music department chairman at Orange Lutheran High School, where he established a prominent concert band, jazz band, and handbell ensemble.

Education
D.M.A. Music Education – Boston University
M.A. Arts and Letters – The American Band College (Southern Oregon University)
B.A. Music – Valparaiso University
Lutheran Teaching Certificate – Concordia University Irvine
Teaching
Music Director, Concordia Wind Orchestra
Music Director, Concordia Symphony Orchestra
MUS 412: Instrumental Methods and Repertoire
MUS 112 (OL): Music in the Liberal Arts
Mueller, Tom
Music Department Chair
Professor
University Organist
Director of Keyboard, Church Music, and Jazz
(949) 214-3651
tom.mueller@cui.edu
Music Department Chair, Professor, University Organist, Director of Keyboard, Church Music, and Jazz
Biography

Tom Mueller serves as Professor of Music, University Organist, and Music Department Chair at Concordia University in Irvine, California, where he directs academic programs in keyboard, composition, and church music. He is an active recitalist, composer, and educator.

Mueller won first place in the 2014 Schoenstein Competition in Hymn-Playing, held in conjunction with the national convention of the American Guild of Organists (AGO) in Boston, Massachusetts, and was honored by The Diapason as a member of the inaugural “20 Under 30” list of influential figures in the world of organ and church music in 2015. 

He maintains an active concert schedule, and frequently performs across the United States and Europe. In 2010, he performed the complete organ works of J. S. Bach in a series of seventeen concerts in his native state of Maine. He has received numerous commissions for new choral and liturgical works, and performances of his compositions have been broadcast on national radio and television. As an organist, his recording credits include Scott Perkin’s A New England Requiem and O Beauty Ever Ancient Ever New by the Choir of St. James’, both of which were released on the Gothic label. His organ music is published by ECS. 

Research interests include the early organ and keyboard works of J. S. Bach, the performance practice of organ continuo playing in the classical-era concerted sacred music of Germany and Austria, and the American reception of the nineteenth-century opera star Jenny Lind. He has presented workshops, masterclasses, and lectures for numerous organizations, including numerous AGO chapters, and has served as a faculty member for the AGO’s Pipe Organ Encounter (POE) program for young organists. He has held professional leadership and committee positions at regional and national levels of the AGO and the Association of Lutheran Musicians. 

Mueller earned the Doctor of Musical Arts degree at the Eastman School of Music. He also holds degrees from the University of Notre Dame (M.S.M. in organ), and the University of Maine at Augusta (B.M. in jazz composition and piano), where he graduated summa cum laude. He resides in Orange County with his wife and daughters.

Publications
Mueller, Tom. “Seven Versets on Wie schön leuchtet der Morgenstern.” St. Louis, MO: ECS, 2023.
Mueller, Tom. “A New Evaluation of ‘Wie schön leuchtet der Morgenstern,’ BWV 739.” In CrossAccent 2020, no. 2: 16–25.
Mueller, Tom. “Mindful Hymnody and Leadership.” In In Tempo 2018, no. 2.
Mueller, Tom. “Towards the Recovery of Authentic Organ Continuo Practice in Haydn’s Concerted Sacred Music.” In Online Journal of the Haydn Society of North America 7, no. 2 (Fall 2017).
Mueller, Tom. “The 2016 EROI Festival—Breath for Singing: The Organ and the Human Voice.” In The Diapason 1293 (2017): 22.
Papers, Presentations, and Workshops
“Symbolism and Rhetoric in Bach's Orgelbüchlein,” American Guild of Organists, Long Beach Chapter, January 2021
“Organ Consoles and Hymn Registrations for Church Musicians,” LCMS All Workers Conference, November 2020
“Leading the Church’s Song from the Organ,” Association of Lutheran Church Musicians Conference, Portland, OR, June 2019
“J. S. Bach’s Clavier-Übung III,” St. John’s Lutheran Church, Orange, CA, February 2019
“Text-Driven Interpretation and Leadership in Congregational Hymnody,” Lectures in Church Music, River Forest, IL, October 2018
“Musical Poetics: Rhetoric and Music in the Seventeenth Century and Applications for Modern Liberal Education,” Association for Core Texts and Courses 24th Annual Conference, Framingham, MA, April 2018
“Why Art? Music, History, and Faith Through the Eyes of Heinrich Schütz,” Concordia University Irvine Enduring Questions and Ideas Forum, September 2017.
“A Leader and a Servant: Preparing Hymns for Congregational Singing,” LCMS Institute for Preaching, Liturgy, and Church Music, Chicago, July 2017
“Organ Continuo Practice in Viennese Concerted Sacred Mus