her dissertation on E-flat and bass clarinet doubling in orchestral and chamber music in June 2022. She is passionate about teaching both auxiliary clarinets. While at UCLA, Sierra worked as a Graduate Research Mentorship recipient during her dissertation year and was the teaching assistant for the woodwind chamber music course for two years. She believes in teaching the clarinet as a physical and mental endeavor, encouraging students to find their own positive ways to think through their performances. She enjoys teaching at Concordia University Irvine, Biola University, and privately. Sierra maintains a healthy studio of in-person and online clarinet and saxophone students from multiple states. Her mentors include Ray Guyll, Joshua Ranz, and Boris Allakhverdyan.

Bark, Elliott
Composition
elliott.bark@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Composition
Biography

Described by the New York Times as “…abrasive outbursts…monstrous climax…yearning melody in a rapturous surge,” music by Elliott Bark (b.1980) has been performed in many venues, such as Stern Auditorium of Carnegie Hall, Segerstrom Center for the Arts, Seoul Arts Center, Aspen Music Festival, Bowdoin International Music Festival and Korean Composers Festival. Elliott has worked with many groups, including Pacific Symphony and Cleveland Orchestra members.

Elliott, two-time recipient (2012, 2014) of The Korean National Composer Prize (the most prestigious award for Korean composers), received the Susan and Ford Schumann Fellowship from Aspen Music Festival and School and numerous prizes including the 2017 Agape Church Music Festival, 2013 Indiana University Dean’s Prize, 2010 Bowdoin International Music Festival Composition Competition and 2009 First Music Commission.

Elliott has recently been commissioned by Pacific Symphony, Soli Deo Gloria Music Foundation, The New York Classical Players (for Grammy-nominated flutist Carol Wincenc), Barkada Saxophone Quartet (Fischoff Competition Grand Prize Winner), Linda Strommen (Indiana University Oboe Professor), among many others.

Elliott, currently the director of the Instrumental Music Program at Crean Lutheran High School, an adjunct faculty member at Concordia and Biola Universities, received his bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees in composition from Indiana University where Elliott served as an Associate Instructor and Graduate Assistant in the composition department. He has studied composition with Claude Baker, David Dzubay, Don Freund, Jonguk Kim, P.Q. Phan, and Sydney Hodkinson and instrumental conducting with David Effron, Arthur Fagen, and Cliff Colnot.

Lyon, Siri
Oboe
siri.lyon@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Oboe
Biography

Siri Lyon received her Master of Music in Oboe Performance at the University of Southern California, and her Bachelor of Music in Oboe Performance at New England Conservatory of Music. Her former teachers include David Weiss, Mark McEwen and Basil Reeve.

Known for her dynamic musical interpretations and expression, Siri has performed throughout the United States and internationally as an orchestral, chamber and solo artist. Based in Southern California, Mrs. Lyon has served as Principal Oboist for the Los Angeles Doctors Symphony Orchestra, and has also appeared with the Young Musicians Foundation Debut Orchestra, the Dana Point Symphony and the 2012 Piatigorsky International Cello Festival Orchestra where she collaborated with members of the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra. She has played under the baton of many celebrated conductors including Hugh Wolff, Helmuth Rilling, Carl St. Clair and Mei-Ann Chen, and has performed in St. Peter's Basilica, Walt Disney Concert Hall, Renee & Henry Segerstrom Concert Hall, Boston's Jordan Hall and Orchestra Hall in Minneapolis.

Mrs. Lyon has given solo recitals in Los Angeles, Boston and the Twin Cities. As a native Minnesotan, she returns regularly to give special concerts and has organized performances of Bach cantatas, traditional hymns and other vocal pieces with local musicians in addition to solo engagements. Committed to the education of young musicians, she has also offered master classes and private lessons to budding oboists in the area, including Concordia's annual Double Reed Day.

Bristow, Christina
Voice
christina.bristow@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Voice
Chasin, Richard
Trumpet
richard.chasin@cui.edu
Trumpet Instructor
Biography

Richard Chasin holds a Bachelor of Music Degree in Trumpet Performance from the University of Michigan, where he was a student of Armando Ghitalla, former principal trumpet with the Boston Symphony Orchestra. Further study was done at the Aspen Music School and the Tanglewood Institute.

Richard has been teaching trumpet for over 25 years and has had many of his students perform with the All Southern California Honor Band as well as the California All State Honor Band at both the high school and junior high school levels. Richard's students have also been members of the Orange County Youth Orchestra and the P