 arrangements and fronting his own jazz trio, he maintains a busy performing schedule. 

Nico’s warm, insightful, and precise teaching style is informed by nearly a decade of teaching experience in academic, ministry, and private settings. He studied under Adam Levy (Tracy Chapman, Norah Jones) at the Los Angeles College of Music, receiving an AA in Guitar Performance. Nico then graduated summa cum laude from Concordia University Irvine with the Outstanding Senior Award in Commercial Music. 

When he’s not directing the Americana Ensemble, Nico is also active in ministry, serving as Staff Deacon and Music Director at Center Church in Irvine, CA. He is passionate about integrated discipleship and creative health, leads various workshops and cohorts for local artists, and even preaches the occasional sermon. 

You can also find him working with students in the Writing Center!

Converse, Mark
Drum Set
mark.converse@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Drum Set
Biography

Professor Mark Converse received his Bachelor of Music degree from California State University, Northridge where he studied with Karen Ervic-Pershing, Joel Leach and Jerry Steinholz. He also studied drum set with legendary musicians: Nick Ceroli, Ed Shaughnessy, Steve Schaeffer, and Peter Erskine. After completing his degree, Converse continued to study snare drum technique and drum set with Freddie Gruber and Latin percussion with Luis Conte.

Uniquely qualified as a teacher by both university and individual study with some of southern California’s most esteemed percussionists and drummers, Mark is busy as a free-lance musician and brings real world experience to his teaching philosophy. This philosophy balances technique, literature, and musicianship with practical application.

Professor Converse has performed and or recorded with a wide variety of ensembles including the Los Angeles Philharmonic, Santa Barbara Symphony, Santa Barbara Chamber Orchestra, Pasadena Symphony, and the Pageant of the Masters Orchestra. He has had the privilege of backing up such noted artists and entertainers as Paul Anka, Maureen McGovern, Carol Burnett, Carol Channing, Jason Alexander, Robert Goulet, Joely Fisher, Peggy Lee, Dudley Moore, and Steve Allen, to name a few.

Converse is an accomplished teacher of drum set, Latin and ethnic hand percussion, and symphonic percussion. His students have been accepted into high school and collegiate honor ensembles and won scholarships to various four-year institutions.

Decker, Dana
Bass
dana.decker@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Bass
Biography

Dana Decker, originally from Minneapolis, Minnesota, began his career as a touring bassist playing a wide variety of venues from intimate clubs to stadiums. He holds a Bachelor of Music from Berklee College of Music as well as an Master of Music from CSU Los Angeles. Dana is an in demand session and live bass player, as well as a highly regarded audio instructor who has performed with The Pussycat Dolls, The Dan Band, Katherine McPhee, and Danny Seraphine. He has been seen as a performer on television programs: Matchmaker Millionaire, Fraiser, and Ally McBeal. Dana has also taught audio courses at major colleges and universities throughout the Southland.

Der, Erik
Director of Spirit Bells
erik.der@cui.edu
Director of Spirit Bells

Erik is the community engagement manager for the arts at Concordia University, Irvine. He assists prospective students with their scholarship auditions and any music-related questions. If you are a student interested in attending CUI, reach out to Erik or complete a scholarship interest form and schedule an in-person or virtual audition. He is also the box-office manager and can be contacted directly with any box-office related inquiries. 

In addition to his duties as community engagement manager, Erik is the handbell program manager and director of Spirit Bells at CUI. He additionally directs the handbell ensemble at Covenant Presbyterian Church in Orange and is a regular clinician for HMA (Handbell Musicians of America) events in Southern California. Having over 18 years of ringing experience, he currently rings with St. John's Cathedral Bells.

Doolittle, Andrew
Guitar
andrew.doolittle@cui.edu
Studio Faculty - Guitar

Andrew Doolittle has performed with a broad palette of artists representing a wide variety of styles, including Rita Wilson, Idina Menzel, Taylor Hicks, Joy Williams (The Civil Wars), David Tao (陶喆), A-Mei (阿妹), Patti Page, the Pasadena Pops and the Houston Symphony. He has performed on TV shows including the The Tonight Show, Jimmy Kimmel Live! and The Today Show. Andrew earned his BM in jazz performance from The Oberlin Conservatory of Music and his MM in jazz performance from The New England Conservatory of Music. He keeps an extensive live performance schedule and his guitar work can often be heard in film trailers, video games and TV shows.

Guebert, Alex
Director of Concert Bells
alexander.guebert@cui.edu
Director of Concert Bells
Biography

Al