3000 students within the Arts Education Center. From 1991 until 2015 Dr. Gray was at Azusa Pacific University. His varying responsibilities included: Associate Dean for the School of Music, Director of Bands, Wind Ensemble, Handbells, Graduate Music Education Chair, and conducting classes for undergraduate and graduate students. Previous music faculty positions include Biola University, Cerritos College, and Director of Bands at Bellflower Christian Schools in Cerritos, California. Dr. Gray has been a guest conductor, lecturer, performer, and clinician throughout the United States, China, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Russia, Greece, Thailand, Australia, England, Germany, Singapore, Indonesia, Armenia (directing the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra) and Carnegie Hall. His international experience also included duties as Faculty/Director in Residence at Oxford University: Oxford, England. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Dordt College, Master’s degree from the University of Northern Iowa, and Doctor of Musical Arts degree from the University of Southern California.

Talk to a Professor

Connect with a Concordia professor in real-time. Get answers to your questions and learn more about our curriculum.

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

