https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/coaching
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Coaching Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Coaching Minor
SCHOOL OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
COACHING MINOR 
18 Units
KIN 304: Motor Learning and Control
3

This course will give an overview of significant behavioral theories which influence and determine the learning and production of motor skills. Included will be learning theories and motor control theories as well as application of theory to motor performance.


KIN 360: Principles of Coaching
3

An analysis of theoretical and practical factors in coaching such as motivation; attitude formation, leadership, character development and techniques of coaching will be covered in this course.


Choose four of the following courses:
KIN 208: Athletic Injuries
3

This course takes a cross-disciplinary analysis of injuries to understand how a person can be injured, the physical, sociological, cultural and psychological causes of injury, how to understand the antecedents of injuries, the consequences of injuries, and how to prevent injuries.

KIN 225: Principles of Weight Training and Cross Training
3

A theory to practice approach to strength training and aerobic cross training methods will be examined in this course as students learn how to test, design, and implement strength training and aerobic cross training programs for sport and fitness. Prerequisite: KIN majors and minors only; non-KIN majors and minors must have consent of department chair.


KIN 305: Motor Development
3

This course will study motor skills and physical development from birth to adulthood with an emphasis on infancy, childhood, and adolescence including neurological, physiological, intellectual, social, and emotional factors that influence gross and fine movement activities.


KIN 306: Nutritional Sciences
3

This course will explore issues pertinent to the study of health and nutrition for the active individual. This course will analyze concepts and controversies and will emphasize the importance of research and clinical studies in the current nutritional literature. Students will also examine and discuss key concepts concerning the role of nutrition in overall health and well-being for a healthy lifestyle.


KIN 320: Historical, Social, Cultural Foundations of Sport and P.E.
3

This course will present and discuss the philosophical, historical, and sociological constructs relevant to sport and physical education. Philosophy of sport will explore ways to understand sport involvement. History of sport will be explored from Ancient Greece to modern times. Sociology of sport will be explored regarding current challenges, relevant issues, and controversies in sport and physical education.


KIN 365: Sport Psychology
3

The role of psychomotor and cognitive factors in human movement and sport settings are discussed and explored in this course along with selected topics of such as personality theory, arousal, attribution theory, achievement motivation, anxiety, sport performance interventions, goal setting, attention styles, aggression, social facilitation, social reinforcement, and imagery.


KIN 394: Practicum: Coaching
3

This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom directly related to the student's major, minor or professional program that is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience. Offered at a Pass/No Pass course.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
App