https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/nursing
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Nursing Program

Programs 
About 
Alumni
Info Nights
Accreditation
Blog
Request Info
Apply Now 
NURSING PROGRAM
Concordia University Irvine
GET STARTED 
Learning How to Care 
Concordia University Irvine's Nursing Program
Caring, Compassionate, and Competent Nursing

Concordia University's Nursing Program is a contemporary, comprehensive program that has been uniquely designed for you to learn the right information and acquire advanced skills to provide excellence in caring, compassionate, and competent nursing care. See why Concordia Irvine students have a 98% NCLEX pass rate and learn more about how to further your nursing education at any level.

CSAC – AB 2086 requires students to be able to view the institution's licenses examination passage rates: Board of Registered Nursing.

*The baccalaureate degree program in nursing at Concordia University Irvine is accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education, 655 K Street NW, Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001, 202-887-6791.

Request Information
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

Program of Interest 
- Select a program
Accelerated Bachelors of Science in Nursing - Irvine
Accelerated Bachelors of Science in Nursing - Rancho Cucamonga
Master of Science in Nursing (MSN-FNP)
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

By requesting information, I consent to be contacted by Concordia University Irvine through my email, phone or text message.

Programs Offered
Undergraduate Pre-Nursing Minor

Our Pre-Nursing minor will give you the educational foundation to pursue a Bachelor of Science in Nursing. Through this unique undergraduate track, you will be able to earn a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Biology with a Pre-Nursing minor and be eligible for the Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN) program. Both degrees can be completed in as little as 5 years.

LEARN MORE

Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway

The Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway is not a degree program; it’s designed to equip and assist undergraduate students of any major in earning early acceptance into the ABSN program. To enter the Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway, you’ll submit a declaration of intent to your academic advisor during your first semester (Fall or Spring) of enrollment at Concordia.

LEARN MORE

Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN)

If you hold a bachelor’s degree or at least 65 non-nursing college credits, our Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing second degree option offers a fast-track to a new career. Build on the foundation of your prior coursework and complete your ABSN with hands-on experience, in as little as 15 months. Two ABSN program option are available: our campus-based ABSN program in Irvine, California, or our hybrid ABSN program based in Rancho Cucamonga, California.

LEARN MORE

Master of Science in Nursing: Family Nurse Practitioner (MSN-FNP)

Our MSN will prepare you for the next phase of your career – whether as a nursing leader in healthcare management or as a clinical or academic advanced nurse educator. The goal of the program is to equip you with expert knowledge and a set of skills that differentiates you in the field of healthcare and in your workplace.

LEARN MORE

California Licensed Vocational Nurses (LVNs) who want to complete the minimum number of units required by the State of California to take the NCLEX examination may apply for the LVN to RN Certificate program.

Concordia University Irvine also offers multiple pathways for veterans and military-trained healthcare personnel to be admitted to our Nursing programs.

Previous Image
Next Image
Concordia-Spectrum Campus™

Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ is the home of Concordia University Irvine's Nursing program and other graduate programs in the School of Health and Human Sciences. The Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ resides in a dynamic biotech and healthcare sector hub within the city of Irvine. The campus features 20,000 sq. ft. of state-of-the-art nursing teaching space and more than 90,000 sq. ft. of additional classrooms, offices, workstations, and unique educational spaces. Located on a 6.6-acre lot, the Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ also features a 690-space parking lot and parking structure.

Concordia University Irvine - Spectrum Campus™
16355 Laguna Canyon Road
Irvine, CA 92618
What Nursing Students are Saying
         
I love that I’m a 'Concordia nurse.' There’s a solidarity in this program.

Jessica Parris ’13

Upcoming Events

Attend an Info Night to learn about the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more about your future in nursing.

MAY

14

	

ABSN Info Night

 Tue, May 14, 2024 5:00 PM

 Online




MAY

21

	

MSN-FNP Information Session

 Tue, May 21, 2024 5:00 PM

 Online




JUL

08

	

MSN-FNP Information Session

 Mon, Jul 08, 2024 5:0