https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/communication-studies/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Communication Studies Major
Curriculum
Minor
Faculty
Get Started
COMMUNICATION STUDIES MAJOR
Curriculum
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
COMMUNICATION STUDIES CORE
20 Units
COM 216: Interpersonal Communication
3

This course will analyze person-to-person communicative behavior in contexts ranging from informal to organizational looking at topics such as attraction, trust, language, and nonverbal behavior.


COM 280: Theories of Human Communication
3

As a systematic exploration of the theories scholars use to explain human communication, this course will deal with rhetoric, persuasion, interpersonal, intercultural, small group, media, organizational, and gender communications.


COM 321: Digital Media Communication
3

This course will focus on the personalities, inventions, developments, terminologies, and issues closely associated with seven (7) mass media industries with a special emphasis on internship preparation and media job opportunities. Article reports using business magazines, newspapers, and trade journals read by media professionals will be required.


COM 324: Intercultural Communication
3

Social and cultural variables in speech communication processes and strategies for resolving communication problems in intercultural settings with an emphasis on variables such as perception, roles, language codes, and nonverbal communication will be examined in this course.


COM 340: Rhetorical and Persuasive Theories
3

Primarily from a social scientific approach, this course will examine the basic theories and techniques of influence, providing students with an awareness of the nature, function, and scope of attitude change as well as the concepts of attitudes, credibility, resistance to persuasion, ethics, and modern advertising practices.


COM 400: Communication Capstone
2

As the capstone course for Communication Studies major, this course serves as the culminating experience in the major. In conjunction with, and under the direction of the student's mentor professor, each student will develop and complete a culminating research project, comprised of a written paper and an oral presentation. Prerequisites: (COM 485 or COM 488) and senior standing.


COM 488: Communication Research Methods
3

As an introduction to the research process, this course will examine how research is planned and designed; introduce the process of data collection and analysis; explore the methodology for communication research (including sampling, questionnaire design, and introduction to statistics); and provide experiences in conducting original research. Prerequisite: COM 280.


INTERPERSONAL & ORGANIZATIONAL
6 Units
Choose 2 of the following courses:
COM 313: Health Communication
3

In this course, we will explore the dynamics of health communication theories, research, and practice to understand health problems, both globally and locally, and how we experience, manage, and communicate about and within health contexts (e.g., illness, stress, death, etc.). This course explores the various ways that individuals organizations, and societies define illness and wellness and how individuals can use health information to bring about positive changes in their relationships, communities, and society at large.


COM 328: Small Group Communication
3

Group process theories relevant to communicative behavior in the small group setting will be examined in this course along with the analysis of group member behavior, interaction patterns, and problem-solving techniques in various group discussion settings.


COM 335: Nonverbal Communication
3

This course will examine the theory and research on nonverbal aspects of communication with an emphasis on developing effective communication skills related to physical appearance, dress, body movement, face and eye communication, vocal cues, and the use of environment and space.


COM 344: Theory and Practice of Interviewing
3

This course will examine the theory and techniques of oral communication in the process of interviewing with the practical application to employment, information gathering (as in journalism and investigations), and persuasive interviews (as in selling and legal argument).


COM 451: Organizational Communication
3

The role of communication in achieving organizational goals; the theory and practice of communication in private and public organizations; and techniques to enhance understanding in organizations will be examined in this course.


DIGITAL MEDIA COMMUNICATION
6 Units
Choose 2 of the following courses:
COM 222: Theory and Practice of Journalism
3

This course will introduce the basics of journalism writing, style, theory, investigation, ethics, and interviewing including news, features, sports, review, and opinion styles. At least six (6) written articles will be submitted to The Concordia Courier.


COM 371: Introduction to Social Media
3

This course will explore the fundamentals of and introduce social media and other emerging technologies and tools, current trends and future directions, benefits, values, and risks. Case studies will be reviewed to assess how social media impacts and influences fields such as communication and marketing and how it informs future trends and developments. Prerequisites: (WRT 102 or WRT 201) and (COM 280 or MKT 341).


COM 412: Media and Script Writing
3

This course will examine script writing for radio, television and film with projects including announcements, commercials, news, features, documentaries, comedy, and game and music shows.


COM 422: Studies in Public Relations
3

Public relations (PR) as a communication discipline will be examined in this course with an emphasis on developing and implementing campaigns including presentations by PR professionals and in-class projects/exercises on topics such as public relations in nonprofit organizations, corporate and social responsibility, media relations, technology, and ethical issues.


COM 471: Advanced Strategies in Social Media
3

This course will utilize the practical tools and strategies required to successfully leverage social networks to develop and understand core concepts that can be applied to various applications. This course will utilize the practical tools and strategies required to successfully leverage social networks to develop and understand core concepts that can be applied to various applications and give you the necessary tools to manage a social media account as a business representative. In this course you will gain experience creating a social media marketing strategy, such as curating actual content, creating a social media training plan, advertisements, and a crisis and metrics plan. Prerequisite: COM 371 or consent of the instructor.


RHETORIC & PUBLIC ADDRESS
6 Units
Choose 2 of the following courses:
COM 211: Introduction to Argumentation and Debate
3

As a performance-based course, students will learn argument design, use of reason and evidence, and practice in a competitive academic debate setting with a focus on critical thinking, research skills, and the oral expression of arguments with rhetorical and presentational power.


COM 311: Advanced Public Speaking
3

This course is an advanced study of speech communication with an emphasis on professional speaking techniques, humor, and the use of stories. Oral assignments will include serious and humorous personal stories that make a point; persuasive and special occasion speeches; and a final professional presentation. Speeches will be viewed and analyzed. Prerequisite: COM 111 or COM 211 or consent of instructor.


COM 485: Rhetorical Criticism
3

The history, nature, purpose, and methods of rhetorical criticism. Eight (8) critical approaches to the analysis of human communication events will be studied. Prerequisite: Junior standing.


COM 499: Special Topics: Rhetoric and Public Address
3

This course is designed for students seeking in-depth theoretical and critical exploration related to current issues or special fields of study. Offerings are faculty designed courses in ares of faculty expertise (such as "Rhetoric of Social Movements", "Rhetoric and Public Memory", etc.).


BREADTH AREA
6 Units

Choose any 2 COM courses not already used in the major.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get in Touch

For more information about the Communication Studies major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

David Schulz
Professor & Chair of Communication Studies
david.schulz@cui.edu
949-214-3323

For any questions or submissions related to Concordia's Communication Studies social media presence, we invite you to contact us directly.

Jenna Hoffman
Communication Studies Department Assistant & Social Media Manager
comm.department.assistant@gmail.com

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

