al approaches to the analysis of human communication events will be studied. Prerequisite: Junior standing.


COM 499: Special Topics: Rhetoric and Public Address
3

This course is designed for students seeking in-depth theoretical and critical exploration related to current issues or special fields of study. Offerings are faculty designed courses in ares of faculty expertise (such as "Rhetoric of Social Movements", "Rhetoric and Public Memory", etc.).


BREADTH AREA
6 Units

Choose any 2 COM courses not already used in the major.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get in Touch

For more information about the Communication Studies major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

David Schulz
Professor & Chair of Communication Studies
david.schulz@cui.edu
949-214-3323

For any questions or submissions related to Concordia's Communication Studies social media presence, we invite you to contact us directly.

Jenna Hoffman
Communication Studies Department Assistant & Social Media Manager
comm.department.assistant@gmail.com

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

