 Nelson, E. (2014). Speaking to inform. In J. L. Ford, K. Stimpson, & J. Daly (Eds.), Professional communication skills (7th ed.). Boston, MA: Pearson.
Classes Taught at Concordia
COM 280: Theories of Human Communication
COM 335: Nonverbal Communication
COM 340: Persuasion & Attitude
COM 371: Introduction to Social Media
COM 471: Advanced Strategies in Social Media

Curriculum Vitae

O'Neill, Angela
 
angela.oneill@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Communication Studies
Schulz, David
949-214-3323
david.schulz@cui.edu
Professor & Chair of Communication Studies
Previous Experience

David P. Schulz received his Bachelor of Arts in Communication Studies from Western Washington University in Bellingham, Washington. He then earned a Master of Arts from the Hank Greenspun School of Journalism and Media Studies at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas where he coached the speech and debate team and taught courses in public speaking, argumentation, and interpersonal communication from 1996 to 1998. Schulz moved to State College, Pennsylvania where he attended the Pennsylvania State University and earned a doctorate in Speech Communication in the spring of 2002. While at Penn State, David served as the University’s coordinator for the statewide continuing education and distance learning program and administered an annual presentational assessment of doctoral students in the College of Engineering. Dr. Schulz also offered training programs across the state for corporations such as IBM and Tyco. In 2002, Dr. Schulz accepted a full time assistant professorship at CSU, Stanislaus. As a member of the Communication Studies Department faculty, David taught courses in Rhetorical Theory, Persuasive Messages, Intercultural Communication, and Advanced Presentational Speaking. He conducted a number of training programs for Kaiser, Emmanuel Hospital and other organizations. In 2006, Dr. Schulz accepted an offer to design and chair a new Communications department at Trinity Lutheran College in Everett, Washington. He led two study abroad trips to Greece and Italy, taught courses such as Rhetorical Theory, Persuasive Campaigns, and Research Methods and assumed the role of Associate Dean before the college closed in 2016. Schulz has been teaching at Concordia University Irvine since 2016 where he is Chair of the Communication Studies Department, a CUI Bono member, and a mentor for students in CUI’s Summer Research Institute (SRI). Dr. Schulz has published numerous peer reviewed articles, book chapters, and coauthored a book on social movements that is used in undergraduate courses across the United States and around the world.

Degrees
Ph.D. - (The Pennsylvania State University) 2002
Master of Arts - (The University of Nevada, Las Vegas) 1998
Bachelor of Arts - (Western Washington University) 1996
Associate of Arts - (Clark College) 1994
Research
Dr. Schulz researches the intersections between rhetorical theories and practices in such areas as social movements, public/collective memory, and rhetorics of science and technology.
Published Books
Bowers, Ochs, Jensen & Schulz (2010) The Rhetoric of Agitation and Control (3rd ed.).
Longrove, Illinois: Waveland Press
Book Chapters
“Social Controversy and Public Address: Introduction.” In R. Jensen (Ed.) (2017) Volume 9: The Rhetorical History of the United States: Social Controversy and Public Address in the 1960s and Early1970s East Lansing, MI: Michigan State University Press.
“Stimulating Social Justice Theory for Service Learning Practice.” In J. Calderon (Ed.) Race, Poverty, and Social Justice (2007). Sterling, VA: Stylus.
Peer Reviewed Publication
“The Rhetoric of Agitation and Control’s Roots in Movement Studies.” (2013). Poroi 9 (2).
“Bodies upon the gears: Public indignation for social change.” In R. Rowland (Ed.) Reasoned Argument & Social Change (2012). Annandale VA: National Communication Association.
Schulz, D. & Reyes, G. M. (2008). “Ward Churchill and the Politics of Public Memory.” Rhetoric & Public Affairs 11 (4).
“Stimulating Social Justice Theory for Service Learning Practice.” In J. Calderon (Ed.) Race, Poverty, and Social Justice (2007). Sterling, VA: Stylus.
“Mobilizing museums: Visual Arguments at the George H. W. Bush (41) Museum.” In P. Riley (Ed.) Engaging Argument (2006). Annandale VA: National Communication Association.
Batt, S. & Schulz, D. “Design Principles for Competitive Debate Formats.” In C. Willard (Ed.) Critical Problems in Argumentation (2005). Annandale, VA: National Communication Association.
Books Reviewed in Scholarly Journals
“Rhetorical Democracy: Discursive Practices of Civic Engagement” Book reviewed in the Resource Center for Cyberculture Studies December, 2006.
“Critical Literacy in a Digital Age” Reviewed in The Quarterly Journal of Speech, 90 (1) February, 2004.
“Civilizing the Machine: Technology and Republican Values in America, 1776 - 1900” Book reviewed in The Quarterly Journal of Speech, 87 (1) February, 2001.
Classes Taught at Concordia
COM