https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/communication-studies/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Communication Studies Major
Curriculum
Minor
Faculty
Get Started
COMMUNICATION STUDIES MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Andersen, Kristin
 
kristin.andersen@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Communication Studies
Hack, Konrad
949-214-3309
konrad.hack@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Communication Studies
Previous Experience
Fall 2007 - Spring 2017: Concordia University - Director of Forensics & Assistant Professor in Comm Studies
Fall 2006 - Spring 2007: Wheaton College - Director of Forensics & Visiting Instructor in Comm Studies
Fall 2001 - Spring 2006: Azusa Pacific University - Director of Forensics & Instructor in Comm Studies
Fall 1996 - Spring 2011: Point Loma Nazarene University - Assistant Director of Forensics and Visiting Instructor in Comm Studies
Degrees
Master of Arts in Communication - San Diego State University
Bachelor of Arts in Communication - Biola University
Research Interests
Computer Mediated Communication
Intercollegiate Forensics
Communication and Grief (new interest area)
Classes Taught at Concordia
COM 111: Public Speaking
COM 200: Gateway to Communication Studies
COM 211: Introduction to Argumentation and Debate
COM 211H: Introduction to Argumentation and Debate: Honors
COM 280: Theories of Human Communication
COM 335: Nonverbal Communication
COM 340: Persuasion & Attitude Change
COM 451: Organizational Communication
COM 488: Communication Research Methods
Hatlen, Lucas
 
lucas.hatlen@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Communication Studies
Moe, Bryan
 
bryan.moe@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Communication Studies
Nelson, Erin
949-214-3292
erin.nelson@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Communication Studies
Biography

Dr. Erin Nelson is an Orange County native and loves being part of the family at CUI. Her research interests include interpersonal and family communication with an emphasis on health, specifically how cancer patients manage their uncertainty and disclosures to family members. She has recently been published in Health Communication, an article titled ‘Cyberframing Cancer: An Exploratory Investigation of Valenced Cybercoping on Cancer Blogs.’ She is a member of the National Communication Association and has presented over 25 conference papers, published three book chapters, and is working on many research projects surrounding issues of health and interpersonal communication. She is passionate about teaching and you can definitely tell when you enroll in her classes. She builds personal relationships and helps guide her students toward achieving future aspirations. Feel free to stop by anytime because she loves to get to know our Communication Studies majors!

Education
Ph.D. Communication - University of Texas at Austin
M.A. Communication - San Diego State University
B.A. Communication - University of California, Santa Barbara
Research
Interpersonal Communication
Health Communication
Family Communication
Publications
Emily Scheinfeld, Katlyn Gangi, Erin C. Nelson & Catherine C. Sinardi (2021) Please Scream Inside Your Heart: Compounded Loss and Coping during the COVID-19 Pandemic, Health Communication, DOI: 10.1080/10410236.2021.1886413
Donovan, E., Nelson, E. C., & Scheinfeld, E. (2016). Cyberframing cancer: An exploratory investigation of valenced cybercoping on cancer blogs. Health Communication.
Vangelisti, A. L., & Nelson, E. C. (2015). The morality of revealing secrets. In V.Waldron, & D. Kelley (Eds.), Moral talk across the lifespan: Creating good relationships. New York: Peter Lang Publishing
Hanan, J., Bagley, M., & Nelson, E. (2014). Sources for your presentation. In J. L. Ford, K. Stimpson, & J. Daly (Eds.), Professional communication skills (7th ed.). Boston, MA: Pearson.
Bolkan, S. & Nelson, E. (2014). Speaking to inform. In J. L. Ford, K. Stimpson, & J. Daly (Eds.), Professional communication skills (7th ed.). Boston, MA: Pearson.
Classes Taught at Concordia
COM 280: Theories of Human Communication
COM 335: Nonverbal Communication
COM 340: Persuasion & Attitude
COM 371: Introduction to Social Media
COM 471: Advanced Strategies in Social Media

Curriculum Vitae

O'Neill, Angela
 
angela.oneill@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Communication Studies
Schulz, David
949-214-3323
david.schulz@cui.edu
Professor & Chair of Communication Studies
Previous Experience

David P. Schulz received his Bachelor of Arts in Communication Studies from Western Washington University in Bellingham, Washington. He then earned a Master of Arts from the Hank Greenspun School of Journalism and Media Studies at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas where he coached the speech and debate team and taught courses in public speaking, argumentation, and interpersonal communication from 1996 to 1998. Sc