https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/communication-studies/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Communication Studies Major
Curriculum
Minor
Faculty
Get Started
COMMUNICATION STUDIES MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Andersen, Kristin
 
kristin.andersen@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Communication Studies
Hack, Konrad
949-214-3309
konrad.hack@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Communication Studies
Previous Experience
Fall 2007 - Spring 2017: Concordia University - Director of Forensics & Assistant Professor in Comm Studies
Fall 2006 - Spring 2007: Wheaton College - Director of Forensics & Visiting Instructor in Comm Studies
Fall 2001 - Spring 2006: Azusa Pacific University - Director of Forensics & Instructor in Comm Studies
Fall 1996 - Spring 2011: Point Loma Nazarene University - Assistant Director of Forensics and Visiting Instructor in Comm Studies
Degrees
Master of Arts in Communication - San Diego State University
Bachelor of Arts in Communication - Biola University
Research Interests
Computer Mediated Communication
Intercollegiate Forensics
Communication and Grief (new interest area)
Classes Taught at Concordia
COM 111: Public Speaking
COM 200: Gateway to Communication Studies
COM 211: Introduction to Argumentation and Debate
COM 211H: Introduction to Argumentation and Debate: Honors
COM 280: Theories of Human Communication
COM 335: Nonverbal Communication
COM 340: Persuasion & Attitude Change
COM 451: Organizational Communication
COM 488: Communication Research Methods
Hatlen, Lucas
 
lucas.hatlen@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Communication Studies
Moe, Bryan
 
bryan.moe@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Communication Studies
Nelson, Erin
949-214-3292
erin.nelson@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Communication Studies
Biography

Dr. Erin Nelson is an Orange County native and loves being part of the family at CUI. Her research interests include interpersonal and family communication with an emphasis on health, specifically how cancer patients manage their uncertainty and disclosures to family members. She has recently been published in Health Communication, an article titled ‘Cyberframing Cancer: An Exploratory Investigation of Valenced Cybercoping on Cancer Blogs.’ She is a member of the National Communication Association and has presented over 25 conference papers, published three book chapters, and is working on many research projects surrounding issues of health and interpersonal communication. She is passionate about teaching and you can definitely tell when you enroll in her classes. She builds personal relationships and helps guide her students toward achieving future aspirations. Feel free to stop by anytime because she loves to get to know our Communication Studies majors!

Education
Ph.D. Communication - University of Texas at Austin
M.A. Communication - San Diego State University
B.A. Communication - University of California, Santa Barbara
Research
Interpersonal Communication
Health Communication
Family Communication
Publications
Emily Scheinfeld, Katlyn Gangi, Erin C. Nelson & Catherine C. Sinardi (2021) Please Scream Inside Your Heart: Compounded Loss and Coping during the COVID-19 Pandemic, Health Communication, DOI: 10.1080/10410236.2021.1886413
Donovan, E., Nelson, E. C., & Scheinfeld, E. (2016). Cyberframing cancer: An exploratory investigation of valenced cybercoping on cancer blogs. Health Communication.
Vangelisti, A. L., & Nelson, E. C. (2015). The morality of revealing secrets. In V.Waldron, & D. Kelley (Eds.), Moral talk across the lifespan: Creating good relationships. New York: Peter Lang Publishing
Hanan, J., Bagley, M., & Nelson, E. (2014). Sources for your presentation. In J. L. Ford, K. Stimpson, & J. Daly (Eds.), Professional communication skills (7th ed.). Boston, MA: Pearson.
Bolkan, S. & Nelson, E. (2014). Speaking to inform. In J. L. Ford, K. Stimpson, & J. Daly (Eds.), Professional communication skills (7th ed.). Boston, MA: Pearson.
Classes Taught at Concordia
COM 280: Theories of Human Communication
COM 335: Nonverbal Communication
COM 340: Persuasion & Attitude
COM 371: Introduction to Social Media
COM 471: Advanced Strategies in Social Media

Curriculum Vitae

O'Neill, Angela
 
angela.oneill@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Communication Studies
Schulz, David
949-214-3323
david.schulz@cui.edu
Professor & Chair of Communication Studies
Previous Experience

David P. Schulz received his Bachelor of Arts in Communication Studies from Western Washington University in Bellingham, Washington. He then earned a Master of Arts from the Hank Greenspun School of Journalism and Media Studies at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas where he coached the speech and debate team and taught courses in public speaking, argumentation, and interpersonal communication from 1996 to 1998. Schulz moved to State College, Pennsylvania where he attended the Pennsylvania State University and earned a doctorate in Speech Communication in the spring of 2002. While at Penn State, David served as the University’s coordinator for the statewide continuing education and distance learning program and administered an annual presentational assessment of doctoral students in the College of Engineering. Dr. Schulz also offered training programs across the state for corporations such as IBM and Tyco. In 2002, Dr. Schulz accepted a full time assistant professorship at CSU, Stanislaus. As a member of the Communication Studies Department faculty, David taught courses in Rhetorical Theory, Persuasive Messages, Intercultural Communication, and Advanced Presentational Speaking. He conducted a number of training programs for Kaiser, Emmanuel Hospital and other organizations. In 2006, Dr. Schulz accepted an offer to design and chair a new Communications department at Trinity Lutheran College in Everett, Washington. He led two study abroad trips to Greece and Italy, taught courses such as Rhetorical Theory, Persuasive Campaigns, and Research Methods and assumed the role of Associate Dean before the college closed in 2016. Schulz has been teaching at Concordia University Irvine since 2016 where he is Chair of the Communication Studies Department, a CUI Bono member, and a mentor for students in CUI’s Summer Research Institute (SRI). Dr. Schulz has published numerous peer reviewed articles, book chapters, and coauthored a book on social movements that is used in undergraduate courses across the United States and around the world.

Degrees
Ph.D. - (The Pennsylvania State University) 2002
Master of Arts - (The University of Nevada, Las Vegas) 1998
Bachelor of Arts - (Western Washington University) 1996
Associate of Arts - (Clark College) 1994
Research
Dr. Schulz researches the intersections between rhetorical theories and practices in such areas as social movements, public/collective memory, and rhetorics of science and technology.
Published Books
Bowers, Ochs, Jensen & Schulz (2010) The Rhetoric of Agitation and Control (3rd ed.).
Longrove, Illinois: Waveland Press
Book Chapters
“Social Controversy and Public Address: Introduction.” In R. Jensen (Ed.) (2017) Volume 9: The Rhetorical History of the United States: Social Controversy and Public Address in the 1960s and Early1970s East Lansing, MI: Michigan State University Press.
“Stimulating Social Justice Theory for Service Learning Practice.” In J. Calderon (Ed.) Race, Poverty, and Social Justice (2007). Sterling, VA: Stylus.
Peer Reviewed Publication
“The Rhetoric of Agitation and Control’s Roots in Movement Studies.” (2013). Poroi 9 (2).
“Bodies upon the gears: Public indignation for social change.” In R. Rowland (Ed.) Reasoned Argument & Social Change (2012). Annandale VA: National Communication Association.
Schulz, D. & Reyes, G. M. (2008). “Ward Churchill and the Politics of Public Memory.” Rhetoric & Public Affairs 11 (4).
“Stimulating Social Justice Theory for Service Learning Practice.” In J. Calderon (Ed.) Race, Poverty, and Social Justice (2007). Sterling, VA: Stylus.
“Mobilizing museums: Visual Arguments at the George H. W. Bush (41) Museum.” In P. Riley (Ed.) Engaging Argument (2006). Annandale VA: National Communication Association.
Batt, S. & Schulz, D. “Design Principles for Competitive Debate Formats.” In C. Willard (Ed.) Critical Problems in Argumentation (2005). Annandale, VA: National Communication Association.
Books Reviewed in Scholarly Journals
“Rhetorical Democracy: Discursive Practices of Civic Engagement” Book reviewed in the Resource Center for Cyberculture Studies December, 2006.
“Critical Literacy in a Digital Age” Reviewed in The Quarterly Journal of Speech, 90 (1) February, 2004.
“Civilizing the Machine: Technology and Republican Values in America, 1776 - 1900” Book reviewed in The Quarterly Journal of Speech, 87 (1) February, 2001.
Classes Taught at Concordia
COM 111: Public Speaking
COM 311: Advanced Public Speaking
COM 340: Rhetorical and Persuasive Theories
COM 400: Capstone
COM 485: Rhetorical Criticism
Extracurricular Activities
CUI Bono
We are what we speak.
Wong, Caroline
714-697-8649
caroline.wong@cui.edu
Newspaper Advisor
Adjunct Professor of Communication Studies
Previous Experience
Project Director, Marketing & Special Events - The Orange County Register
Project Manager, iPad Team - The Orange County Register
Senior Promotions Producer - KTTV FOX 11 and MY13, Los Angeles
Marketing Producer, KTTV FOX 11 and Fox Sports Net West, Los Angeles
Degrees
MBA (Marketing) - California State University, Fullerton
BFA (Film/Television and Marketing) - New York University
Research Interests

Channels and patterns through which people consume news in a "platform agnostic" environment

Classes Taught at Concordia
COM 222: Journalism
Newspaper 1,3,5 & 2,4,6
Extracurricular Activities

Professor Wong loves going out on the occasional assignment with our student journalists. "Great things are happening at Concordia and we have the privilege of capturing them in our student newspaper, The Concordia Courier," she states.

Talk to a Professor

Connect with a Concordia professor in real-time. Get answers to your questions and learn more about our curriculum.

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

