required to work in the area of computer science. A written contract between the student and the company allowing the internship needs to be submitted and approved by the department chair prior to the internship assignment. Prerequisite: Senior standing or consent of instructor.


OR

CSC 495: Software Project Design
1

As the first of two (2) capstone courses for computer science majors, this course provides students realistic hands-on software development experience. Students will research and design a proposal of a medium-size software project, to be developed and programmed on a team. This course assumes the student has a good programming background in at least one programming language and is willing to learn new tools and technologies. Prerequisites: Senior standing or consent of instructor.

CSC 496: Software Project Implementation
2

As the second of two (2) capstone courses for computer science majors, students will apply their knowledge and skills to complete an original student-conducted software project. Students will work in teams to develop and execute a medium-size software project. Prerequisites: C- or better in CSC 495 or consent of the instructor.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

