https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/computer-science/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Computer Science Major
Minor
Curriculum
Faculty
Materials
Get Started
COMPUTER SCIENCE MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Boleman, Jeff
 
jeffrey.boleman@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Jeff Boleman has been an Adjunct Professor in Computer Science at Concordia University Irvine since 2021. He holds M.S. and B.S. degrees in Computer Science from Metropolitan State University in Minnesota. His 25+ year background includes high performance computing (HPC), Unix/Linux operating systems, networking, high performance storage, Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), and Artificial Intelligence (AI). He has published multiple papers on cloud computing related topics. He has worked for IBM since 2011 and currently holds the position of Principal Product Manager for a cloud IaaS service.

Burtis, Phil
 
phil.burtis@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Phil Burtis is blessed and grateful for the opportunity to be an Adjunct Professor in Computer Science at Concordia University Irvine since 2021. He graduated with a BSEE from Iowa State University majoring in guidance and control systems. He spent over a decade in the aerospace world working on projects such as missiles for the Air Force, torpedoes for the Navy, and a helicopter avionic system for the Army. One of his projects is in the Smithsonian Air & Space Museum in DC and two are still in use today. He then spent another decade going mini-computer hardware and software systems used in business, and then another two decades developing software models of natural hazards such as earthquakes, hurricanes, and floods, the latter being incorporated into the FEMA HAZUS program. “Behold, I will do a new thing” from Isaiah 43:19 is a fitting verse that helped lead him to Concordia.

Croll, Amanda J.
(949) 214-3549
amanda.croll@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Mathematics
Biography

As an undergraduate, Dr. Croll participated annually in the Carleton College Summer Mathematics Program for Women, which encourages women who are gifted in mathematics to pursue higher degrees. Professor Croll’s doctoral research area was in commutative algebra. In particular, her interests lie in homological algebra, maximal Cohen-Macaulay modules, and Gorenstein rings. Her non-mathematics hobbies include biking, traveling, reading, and playing with her cats.

Education
University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Ph.D. 2013
Cserhati, Matthew
 
matthew.cserhati@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Computer Science
Biography

Dr. Matthew Cserhati is associate professor in the Department of Computer Science here at Concordia University Irvine. He wrote his Ph.D. thesis in bioinformatics on the topic of an enumeration-based transcription factor binding site prediction algorithm while at the Hungarian Academy of Science’s Biological Research Center. He has 21 years of programming experience, 15 years in academia and 3 years in industry. He has authored more than 70 scientific papers in peer-reviewed journals, mainly in bioinformatics and baraminology and taught courses in computer science and bioinformatics.

Education
University of Szeged, Szeged, Hungary, Ph.D. 2011.
Greenville Presbyterian Theological Seminary, Greenville, South Carolina, M.A. 2022.
University of Szeged, Szeged, Hungary, B.Sc. 2010.
Hart, Brian
 
brian.hart@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Brian Hart is honored to be a part of the Computer Science Department at Concordia University Irvine. He joined the team in 2019 as an Adjunct Faculty member. He earned a BS in Christian Ministries from Indiana Wesleyan University and an MA in Apologetics from Biola University. His studies also include Engineering courses from Oakland University and coding instruction at UCI. Brian has a combined total of more than 15 years of experience teaching an array of subjects including Web Design, Algebra, Physics, Robotics, and Bible. His career path transitioned from teaching to web development in 2017. Brian is currently a full time web developer for Fuller Theological Seminary. When he is not coding, he is spending time with his family or playing hockey.

Melberg, Julie A.
(949) 214-3295
julie.melberg@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Mathematics, Department Chair
Biography

Professor Julie Melberg joined the Concordia mathematics faculty in 2010, after teaching high school mathematics for several years. She received her Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics degree from Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio; her Master of Arts in Mathematics degree from California State Fullerton and is currently pursuing her Ph.D. in Mathematics Education from Curtin University. Professor Melberg enjoys teaching mathematics at Concordia University Irvine, teaching Core Mathematics classes as well as courses for the Mathematics major. Her teaching and research focus on inquiry-based learning and encouraging students to develop life-long thinking skills.

Education
California State University, Fullerton, M.A. 2000
Schulteis, Melinda S.
(949) 214-3293
melinda.schulteis@cui.edu
Professor of Mathematics

“I felt very motivated when I came back to Concordia [to teach],” Dr. Melinda Schulteis says. "I wanted to connect students to local and national mathematics conferences so they could get research experiences as undergraduates.” Dr. Schulteis is proud that Concordia University Irvine now regularly takes students to mathematics conferences as participants and speakers.

Education
University of California Irvine, Ph.D. 2004
Tallman, Joshua
(949) 214-3286
joshua.tallman@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Computer Science & Program Director
Biography

Professor Joshua Tallman joined the Concordia University faculty in 2019 as part of the Computer Science Department. He holds a Master's degree in Computer Science from Johns Hopkins University with a BA in Computer Engineering. Professor Tallman has 15+ years of experience working as a programmer and analyst in the field of computer security. He has held positions within the Department of Defense working in Maryland, Germany, and the United Kingdom, as well as working as an independent contractor for Dragos, Inc., a company specializing in security for Industrial Control Systems. Professor Tallman wants his students to understand their study and vocation as a means for advancing the Great Commission. He strives to make learning and work as enjoyable as possible.

Education & Technical Skills

Master of Science in Computer Science - John Hopkins University (2009)
Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering - University of Pacific (2004)

Programming in Windows/Unix environments with C/C++/C#, Python
Microsoft Win32 system level programming and x86/64 assembly
Code analysis with WinDbg, IDAPro, and other custom analysis tools
Taylor, Bret A.
(949) 214-3294
bret.taylor@cui.edu
Professor of Mathematics
Biography

Dr. Bret Taylor is proud to be a member of the Concordia University Irvine Mathematics department. Since arriving at Concordia University Irvine in 1997, Dr. Taylor has taught a variety of mathematics classes, education courses and classes in the Christ College church-work program. Building on his ten years of teaching junior and senior high school mathematics, Dr. Taylor completed his doctoral degree from Curtin University in Perth, Australia in 2004 focusing on mathematics anxiety and classroom environment.

“If I were to say you can work each day with young people excited and energized about life and their future, investigate and think about the great questions and ideas of all time, and hear God's Word of love and forgiveness each day....wouldn't that sound like a great place to work? That is why I work at Concordia University Irvine!"

Education
Curtin University, Perth, Western Australia, Ph.D. 2004
Talk to a Professor

Connect with a Concordia professor in real-time. Get answers to your questions and learn more about our curriculum.

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

