https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/computer-science/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Computer Science Major
Minor
Curriculum
Faculty
Materials
Get Started
COMPUTER SCIENCE MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Boleman, Jeff
 
jeffrey.boleman@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Jeff Boleman has been an Adjunct Professor in Computer Science at Concordia University Irvine since 2021. He holds M.S. and B.S. degrees in Computer Science from Metropolitan State University in Minnesota. His 25+ year background includes high performance computing (HPC), Unix/Linux operating systems, networking, high performance storage, Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), and Artificial Intelligence (AI). He has published multiple papers on cloud computing related topics. He has worked for IBM since 2011 and currently holds the position of Principal Product Manager for a cloud IaaS service.

Burtis, Phil
 
phil.burtis@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Phil Burtis is blessed and grateful for the opportunity to be an Adjunct Professor in Computer Science at Concordia University Irvine since 2021. He graduated with a BSEE from Iowa State University majoring in guidance and control systems. He spent over a decade in the aerospace world working on projects such as missiles for the Air Force, torpedoes for the Navy, and a helicopter avionic system for the Army. One of his projects is in the Smithsonian Air & Space Museum in DC and two are still in use today. He then spent another decade going mini-computer hardware and software systems used in business, and then another two decades developing software models of natural hazards such as earthquakes, hurricanes, and floods, the latter being incorporated into the FEMA HAZUS program. “Behold, I will do a new thing” from Isaiah 43:19 is a fitting verse that helped lead him to Concordia.

Croll, Amanda J.
(949) 214-3549
amanda.croll@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Mathematics
Biography

As an undergraduate, Dr. Croll participated annually in the Carleton College Summer Mathematics Program for Women, which encourages women who are gifted in mathematics to pursue higher degrees. Professor Croll’s doctoral research area was in commutative algebra. In particular, her interests lie in homological algebra, maximal Cohen-Macaulay modules, and Gorenstein rings. Her non-mathematics hobbies include biking, traveling, reading, and playing with her cats.

Education
University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Ph.D. 2013
Cserhati, Matthew
 
matthew.cserhati@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Computer Science
Biography

Dr. Matthew Cserhati is associate professor in the Department of Computer Science here at Concordia University Irvine. He wrote his Ph.D. thesis in bioinformatics on the topic of an enumeration-based transcription factor binding site prediction algorithm while at the Hungarian Academy of Science’s Biological Research Center. He has 21 years of programming experience, 15 years in academia and 3 years in industry. He has authored more than 70 scientific papers in peer-reviewed journals, mainly in bioinformatics and baraminology and taught courses in computer science and bioinformatics.

Education
University of Szeged, Szeged, Hungary, Ph.D. 2011.
Greenville Presbyterian Theological Seminary, Greenville, South Carolina, M.A. 2022.
University of Szeged, Szeged, Hungary, B.Sc. 2010.
Hart, Brian
 
brian.hart@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Brian Hart is honored to be a part of the Computer Science Department at Concordia University Irvine. He joined the team in 2019 as an Adjunct Faculty member. He earned a BS in Christian Ministries from Indiana Wesleyan University and an MA in Apologetics from Biola University. His studies also include Engineering courses from Oakland University and coding instruction at UCI. Brian has a combined total of more than 15 years of experience teaching an array of subjects including Web Design, Algebra, Physics, Robotics, and Bible. His career path transitioned from teaching to web development in 2017. Brian is currently a full time web developer for Fuller Theological Seminary. When he is not coding, he is spending time with his family or playing hockey.

Melberg, Julie A.
(949) 214-3295
julie.melberg@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Mathematics, Department Chair
Biography

Professor Julie Melberg joined the Concordia mathematics faculty in 2010, after teaching high school mathematics for several years. She received her Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics degree from Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio; her Master of Arts in Mathematics degree from California State Fullerton and is currently pursuing her Ph.D. in Mathematics Education from Curtin University. Professor Melberg enjoys teaching mathematics at Concordia University Irvine, teaching Core Mathematics cl