https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/cmc/directors-message
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Cross-cultural Ministry Center
About CMC 
Program Information 
Testimonials
Financial Aid
Contact Us
Related Links 
Apply Now
Director's Message
CROSS-CULTURAL MINISTRY CENTER
Director's Message
Greetings from the Cross-cultural Ministry Center (CMC) at Concordia University, Irvine

“…I looked, and behold, a great multitude which no one could number, of all nations, tribes, peoples, and tongues, standing before the throne and before the lamb, clothed with white robes…” (Rev 7:9). With this vision, the Lord encourages the Apostle John by giving him a glimpse of the Missio Dei from God’s perspective. In it, we see God’s desire and work to save all people of all nations and languages. He does so through the sending out of His Life-giving Word.

The CMC specializes in forming missionary pastors and leaders who are equipped to faithfully bring God’s Word to the increasingly multi-cultural contexts of 21st century America. The emphasis is two-fold: First and foremost, students get to know their God by carefully listening to His Word and studying the Creeds and Confessions of the Lutheran Church. Secondly, they get to know their people by carefully listening to the stories of their communities and the various cultures within.

The CMC is guided by the Great Commission mission of Concordia University Irvine (CUI) and is a partner of Concordia Seminary, St. Louis. We have been training missionary pastors and leaders for over twenty-five years.

Our four year curriculum includes courses that lead to a fully accredited M.A. in Theology with an emphasis in theology and culture, additional pastoral and missionary courses, and a four year cross-cultural, mission planting concurrent vicarage experience. These three components are the equivalent of an M.Div. and lead to full certification and ordination. All courses are designed to lead students to a deeper understanding of the Missio Dei and how it relates to the course content. The intended result of this curriculum and simultaneous vicarage program is to produce Lutheran missionary pastors and leaders who are rooted in Scripture, confessional in their theology, and embedded in their community, while creatively and adaptively carrying out the Mission of the Church in especially non-Anglo and/or multi-cultural contexts.

Our professors engage both local and online students in a unique classroom setting. Classes are held in the evenings and are delivered in a real-time online format to accommodate students engaged in bi-vocational ministries with families and day jobs. Each summer, all of the CMC students gather at CUI for three weeks of face-to-face classes, worship, and community building.

Our students come from a wide variety of backgrounds and are serving in a wide variety of contexts. Please consider joining us. For further information, please feel free to contact me directly (949-214-3405, glenn.fluegge@cui.edu) or reach out to our Christ College Program Coordinator, Carrie Donohoe (949-214-3389, carrie.donohoe@cui.edu).

We also recently launched the All Nations Endowment to help students who struggle with the costs of a master's degree program like the CMC. Some of our students are already receiving the All Nations Scholarship. If you are interested in helping these student pursue their calling, please consider a gift to the All Nations Endowment.

Glenn K. Fluegge
Director of Cross-cultural Ministry Center (CMC)
949-214-3405
glenn.fluegge@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

