https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/cmc/all-nations-endowment
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Cross-cultural Ministry Center
About CMC 
Program Information 
Testimonials
Financial Aid
Contact Us
Related Links 
Apply Now
ALL NATIONS ENDOWMENT
Cross-cultural Ministry Center
Muluneh Taye & Carlos Velazquez
Recipients of All Nations Endowment Scholarship
All Nations Endowment

Therefore, go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you(Matt. 28:19-20).

Crossing Cultures. Reaching the Lost.

The Cross-cultural Ministry Center (CMC) is a seminary program that specializes in forming Lutheran pastors to faithfully bring God's Word to those outside of the church in the increasingly multi-cultural contexts of 21st century America. Our students come from a wide variety of cultures - Hispanic, Asian, African, Native American, Caucasian, etc. Many of our students come from immigrant communities and play a crucial role in reaching out to that community. However, they often simply cannot afford a Master's degree program like the CMC.

By God's grace, the All Nations Endowment was started in 2015 for CMC students just like this. With His blessing, in the last several years, the endowment has grown to nearly $2 million and is currently providing ongoing scholarships for more than half of our CMC students. Oh, give thanks unto the Lord! However, the need is still great. Many more would like to study to become pastors. Our goal is to reach $2.5 million so we can train even more pastors for these communities. Please consider joining us in this effort! Read more about how the All Nations Endowment got started.

Make a Gift Today
Donor Advised Fund (DAF)
Consider making your gift through a Donor Advised Fund (DAF). Learn more here.

Or log in to your account:

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

