ing the saving grace of God, the humanity and deity of Jesus Christ, atonement, the offices of Christ, the application of salvation, justification, conversion, and saving faith of sinful humanity.

TSYS 513: Systematics III
3

The course will examine the person and work of the Holy Spirit and its application to the questions posed in the post-modern age including sanctification, good works, Baptism, the Lord's Supper, and absolution, Law and Gospel, the Christian church, the office of the public ministry, and eschatology.

Practical

All course work in the CMC is embedded in real-life ministry and mission experience. We call this embedded learning experience the “CMC Missional Vicarage.” It is four years of in-field mission and ministry experience, is required for both the M.A. Theology and Certification, and runs concurrently with your coursework. Students register for a vicarage "course" every semester until they have completed all eight of them. In each vicarage "course" you plan activities, carry out those activities, and then journal your progress. Typically, in the first half of the Missional Vicarage, you carry out basic mission and ministry activities at a local church. In the second half, you plan and finally launch a new ministry in the community that crosses a significant cultural barrier and reaches the lost outside of the church in the surrounding community. All of this is closely coordinated with district facilitators and carried out under the guidance of a local congregation, a Mentor Pastor, and a CUI Faculty Supervisor. The vicarage "courses" are:

Missional Vicarage
MISSIONAL VICARAGE COURSES
23 Units
TVIC 501: Vicarage I: Practicum I
2

This vicarage (internship) embeds the students' missionary-pastoral formation in the context of hands-on ministry and mission providing the student with opportunities for spiritual formation, personal growth, and professional development. The student will develop mission awareness and leadership which will shape his future ministry. Through mentorship, observation, and participation, he will learn about ministerial and missional functions and how to carry out those functions effectively as a faithful Lutheran missionary pastor. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.

TVIC 502: Vicarage I: Practicum II
3

This vicarage (internship) embeds the students' missionary-pastoral formation in the context of hands-on ministry and mission providing the student with opportunities for spiritual formation, personal growth, and professional development. The student will develop mission awareness and leadership which will shape his future ministry. Through mentorship, observation, and participation, he will learn about ministerial and missional functions and how to carry out those functions effectively as a faithful Lutheran missionary pastor. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: TVIC 501.

TVIC 503: Vicarage II: Internship I
3

This vicarage (internship) embeds the students' missionary-pastoral formation in the context of hands-on ministry and mission providing the student with opportunities for spiritual formation, personal growth, and professional development. The student will develop mission awareness and leadership which will shape his future ministry. Through mentorship, observation, and participation, he will learn about ministerial and missional functions and how to carry out those functions effectively as a faithful Lutheran missionary pastor. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: TVIC 502.

TVIC 504: Vicarage II: Internship II
3

This vicarage (internship) embeds the students' missionary-pastoral formation in the context of hands-on ministry and mission providing the student with opportunities for spiritual formation, personal growth, and professional development. The student will develop mission awareness and leadership which will shape his future ministry. Through mentorship, observation, and participation, he will learn about ministerial and missional functions and how to carry out those functions effectively as a faithful Lutheran missionary pastor. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: TVIC 503.

TVIC 505: Vicarage III: Mission Plant I
3

This vicarage (internship) embeds the students' missionary-pastoral formation in the context of hands-on ministry and mission providing the student with opportunities for spiritual formation, personal growth, and professional development. The student will develop mission awareness and leadership which will shape his future ministry. Through mentorship, observation, and participation, he will learn about ministerial and missional functions and how to carry out those functions effectively as a faithful Lutheran missionary pastor. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: TVIC 504.

TVIC 506: Vicarage III: Mission Plant II
3

This vicarage (internship) embeds the students' missionary-pastoral formation in the context of hands-on ministry and mission providing the student with opportunities for 