nd how to carry out those functions effectively as a faithful Lutheran missionary pastor. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: TVIC 503.

TVIC 505: Vicarage III: Mission Plant I
3

This vicarage (internship) embeds the students' missionary-pastoral formation in the context of hands-on ministry and mission providing the student with opportunities for spiritual formation, personal growth, and professional development. The student will develop mission awareness and leadership which will shape his future ministry. Through mentorship, observation, and participation, he will learn about ministerial and missional functions and how to carry out those functions effectively as a faithful Lutheran missionary pastor. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: TVIC 504.

TVIC 506: Vicarage III: Mission Plant II
3

This vicarage (internship) embeds the students' missionary-pastoral formation in the context of hands-on ministry and mission providing the student with opportunities for spiritual formation, personal growth, and professional development. The student will develop mission awareness and leadership which will shape his future ministry. Through mentorship, observation, and participation, he will learn about ministerial and missional functions and how to carry out those functions effectively as a faithful Lutheran missionary pastor. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: TVIC 505.

TVIC 507: Vicarage IV: Church Planting I
3

This vicarage (internship) embeds the students' missionary-pastoral formation in the context of hands-on ministry and mission providing the student with opportunities for spiritual formation, personal growth, and professional development. The student will develop mission awareness and leadership which will shape his future ministry. Through mentorship, observation, and participation, he will learn about ministerial and missional functions and how to carry out those functions effectively as a faithful Lutheran missionary pastor. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: TVIC 506.

TVIC 508: Vicarage IV: Church Planting II
3

This vicarage (internship) embeds the students' missionary-pastoral formation in the context of hands-on ministry and mission providing the student with opportunities for spiritual formation, personal growth, and professional development. The student will develop mission awareness and leadership which will shape his future ministry. Through mentorship, observation, and participation, he will learn about ministerial and missional functions and how to carry out those functions effectively as a faithful Lutheran missionary pastor. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Graduation Application Fee: $185. Prerequisite: TVIC 507.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

