https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/communication-studies
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Communication Studies Major
Curriculum
Minor
Faculty
Get Started
Communication Studies Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Develop Crucial Communication Skills for Your Future Career

A crucial skill in any professional environment is the ability to communicate well and convey your meaning clearly and succinctly. As a communication studies major, you will study human interaction in all contexts: interpersonal and family relationships, small groups, intercultural associations, organizations, and the media. You will also study the very skills today’s employers are looking for — like critical and analytical thinking, problem-solving, and team building, as well as oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills.

Develop your understanding of communication theory and research methodologies, and your proficiency in oral, written, and mediated communication. A communication studies major can open the door to creativity and connectivity in a vast array of career fields, including social media, journalism, business administration, public relations, broadcasting, sales, marketing, law, human resources, pre-seminary, and education.

APPLY NOW

Communication Studies at Concordia
The Concordia Courier
Forensics (Speech & Debate) at Concordia University Irvine
What Students Are Saying
A lot of my communications professors really rallied behind me and helped me get into grad school. When it came to getting letters of recommendation, or just overall advice, they were so open to it

Celina Stratton '17

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Communication Studies major are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Concordia Prepares, God Provides
Celina Stratton '17

Celina Stratton, who graduated from Concordia in 2017, shared her inspiring success story, detailing her experiences during and after university. Combining her passions for service and sports with her Communication Studies major, Stratton now works for the Los Angeles Chargers in community relations.

First Gen Performance
Diego Perez '17

At the 2017 National Speech tournament, Diego Perez '17 advanced beyond preliminary rounds in four events and finished ranked #10 nationally. He’s one reason Concordia University Irvine's speech team is edging closer to the kind of national stature and dominance that the debate team has enjoyed as #1 or #2 in the nation for the past five years.

Communication Opens Doors to Friendships and Opportunities
Nokukhanya "Noks" Lucy Shabalala '16

College wasn't on the immediate radar for Nokukhanya "Noks" Lucy Shabalala '16. Her priority—along with her older siblings—was working to put food on the table and helping to provide an education for the younger siblings in her large family in South Africa.

From Softball to the Reporting Field
Erica Anderson '06

Erica Anderson '06 came to Concordia University Irvine to play softball and graduated with a desire to pursue a career in journalism. Today she is a general assignment reporter at WNCT in Greenville, N.C., filing daily stories for broadcast and the web.

Where Our Alumni Are Working
Broadcast & Social Media
Public Relations
Journalism
Human Resources
Finance
Marketing
Education
Retail
Sales
Management
Event Planning
Counseling
Real Estate
Law
Law Enforcement
Nonprofits
Opportunities for Communication Studies Majors

Today's employers are looking for applicants who work well as part of a team, are good at decision-making, and have excellent communication skills. Our relationships within our surrounding community, along with our location in Southern California, afford you the chance to practice these skills outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Communication Studies major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, double major, or study abroad.

Business Minor
Marketing Minor
Graphic Design Minor
Art Minor
English Minor
Writing Minor
Theatre Minor
Law and Politics Minor
History Minor
Extracurricular Activities

Communication Studies offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions.

COMM-unity Club
President's Academic Showcase
Around the World in a Semester®
Concordia Courier
Yearbook
Forensics teams
Lambda Pi Eta Honor Society
Internships

Our goal is to guide students toward their vocation by developing their collaboration skills, critical thinking, creativity, and communication skills. Internships allow students to develop valuable contacts in their career field. Below are just a few examples of where