e chance to practice these skills outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Communication Studies major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, double major, or study abroad.

Business Minor
Marketing Minor
Graphic Design Minor
Art Minor
English Minor
Writing Minor
Theatre Minor
Law and Politics Minor
History Minor
Extracurricular Activities

Communication Studies offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions.

COMM-unity Club
President's Academic Showcase
Around the World in a Semester®
Concordia Courier
Yearbook
Forensics teams
Lambda Pi Eta Honor Society
Internships

Our goal is to guide students toward their vocation by developing their collaboration skills, critical thinking, creativity, and communication skills. Internships allow students to develop valuable contacts in their career field. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

Anaheim Ducks
The Orange County Transit Authority
The Orange County Register
PBS So Cal
The Orange County Sheriff's Public Information Office
Graduate Schools Attended
University of Texas at Austin (3)
USC's Annenberg School of Communication
UCLA
UNLV's Boyd School of Law
Cal State Fullerton
Cal State Long Beach
Cal State Los Angeles
San Diego State
Chapman University
Florida International University
Wayne State University
New York University (2)
Louisville University
Curriculum

You will study a varied curriculum that includes both the classical courses associated with the discipline and those that reflect contemporary developments in the field.

SAMPLE COMMUNICATION COURSES
COM 222: Theory and Practice of Journalism
3

This course will introduce the basics of journalism writing, style, theory, investigation, ethics, and interviewing including news, features, sports, review, and opinion styles. At least six (6) written articles will be submitted to The Concordia Courier.


COM 371: Introduction to Social Media
3

This course will explore the fundamentals of and introduce social media and other emerging technologies and tools, current trends and future directions, benefits, values, and risks. Case studies will be reviewed to assess how social media impacts and influences fields such as communication and marketing and how it informs future trends and developments. Prerequisites: (WRT 102 or WRT 201) and (COM 280 or MKT 341).


COM 412: Media and Script Writing
3

This course will examine script writing for radio, television and film with projects including announcements, commercials, news, features, documentaries, comedy, and game and music shows.


COM 422: Studies in Public Relations
3

Public relations (PR) as a communication discipline will be examined in this course with an emphasis on developing and implementing campaigns including presentations by PR professionals and in-class projects/exercises on topics such as public relations in nonprofit organizations, corporate and social responsibility, media relations, technology, and ethical issues.


COM 488: Communication Research Methods
3

As an introduction to the research process, this course will examine how research is planned and designed; introduce the process of data collection and analysis; explore the methodology for communication research (including sampling, questionnaire design, and introduction to statistics); and provide experiences in conducting original research. Prerequisite: COM 280.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

Professors in communication are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with best business practices, real-world experience, as well as a Christian moral, ethical, and value perspective of leadership.

Konrad Hack
Assistant Professor of Communication Studies & Director of Forensics

Konrad Hack's research focus centers on organizational leadership. He is the director of Concordia's highly successful forensics team. He also teaches the intro to argumentation and debate course for those who are looking for an introductory way to explore debate.

Lucas Hatlen
Assistant Professor of Communication Studies

Dr. Lucas Hatlen's research focus centers on digital media. He is the faculty advisor for Concordia's digital media lab, where he teaches students about a wide range of topics related to digital media. These topics include social media, podcasting, streaming, and esports.

Erin Nelson
Associate Professor of Communication Studies

Dr. Erin Nelson is a member of the National Communication Association and has presented over 25 conference papers, published three book chapters, and is working on many research projects surrounding issues of health and interpersonal communication, specifically how cancer patients manage their uncertainty and disclosures to family members. She has recently been published 