nters on organizational leadership. He is the director of Concordia's highly successful forensics team. He also teaches the intro to argumentation and debate course for those who are looking for an introductory way to explore debate.

Lucas Hatlen
Assistant Professor of Communication Studies

Dr. Lucas Hatlen's research focus centers on digital media. He is the faculty advisor for Concordia's digital media lab, where he teaches students about a wide range of topics related to digital media. These topics include social media, podcasting, streaming, and esports.

Erin Nelson
Associate Professor of Communication Studies

Dr. Erin Nelson is a member of the National Communication Association and has presented over 25 conference papers, published three book chapters, and is working on many research projects surrounding issues of health and interpersonal communication, specifically how cancer patients manage their uncertainty and disclosures to family members. She has recently been published in Health Communication, an article titled ‘Cyberframing Cancer: An Exploratory Investigation of Valenced Cybercoping on Cancer Blogs.’

David Schulz
Professor & Chair of Communication Studies

Dr. Schulz has a broad range of experience teaching communication courses at various universities including University of Nevada, Las Vegas, Pennsylvania State University, and California State University, Stanislaus. In 2006 he moved to Washington to start a new degree program in Communications at Trinity Lutheran College, where he taught: Public Speaking, Advertising & Marketing, Rhetorical Theory, Research Methods, Senior Capstone, Persuasive Messages and conducted study abroad trips to Greece and Italy. Dr. Schulz' research interests include Rhetorical Theory and Social Movements.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

COMMUNICATION FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Communication Studies major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

David Schulz
Professor & Chair of Communication Studies
david.schulz@cui.edu
949-214-3323

For any questions or submissions related to Concordia's Communication Studies social media presence, we invite you to contact us directly.

Jenna Hoffman
Communication Studies Department Assistant & Social Media Manager
comm.department.assistant@gmail.com

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

