https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/cmc/financial-aid
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Cross-cultural Ministry Center
About CMC 
Program Information 
Testimonials
Financial Aid
Contact Us
Related Links 
Apply Now
Cross-cultural Ministry Center Tuition
CROSS-CULTURAL MINISTRY CENTER
Tuition and Fees
CMC Tuition	Summer '24	Fall '24 / Spring '25
Student Success Fee	$50	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: Domestic	$50	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: International	$150	$150
Cost per Unit	$649/unit	$649/unit

*Tuition and fees are subject to change without notice

Cross-cultural Ministry Center Scholarships
Church Career Grant

In order to support and encourage students who are preparing for the pastoral ministry in the LCMS, Concordia University Irvine and the Cross-cultural Ministry Center have established the Church Career Grant. This grant is issued on an annual basis and covers one-third of the CMC tuition costs.

All students who meet the following qualifications are eligible to receive this grant:

Complete the application at the beginning of each academic year.
Be a member of and actively serving at the LCMS congregation listed on your application.
Be accepted into and maintain standards of the CMC’s pastoral training program.
Meet financial aid and satisfactory academic progress requirements (3.0 GPA).
All Nations Scholarship

The All Nations Endowment for the Cross-cultural Ministry Center was established at Concordia University Irvine with the express purpose of furthering the mission of the CMC. It intends to do so by providing scholarships for qualified students in the CMC. The All Nations Scholarship will cover one-third of the CMC tuition costs and is in addition to the Church Career Grant.

Recipients of the All Nations Scholarship must meet the following criteria:

Meet all requirements of the Church Career Grant.
Demonstrate financial need (complete the FAFSA).
Minister in a context where there is a manifest need for a missionary pastor.
Represent an underserved group in ministry.
Demonstrate a strong potential for and progress throughout the program toward a successful new ministry launch that a) crosses cultures and b) reaches the lost with the Gospel. “Strong potential” may include but is not limited to language competency, strategic opportunity, established history of involvement, adequate resources, and congregational & district support.

Scholarship funds are limited and will be awarded to the most qualified candidates. Recipients of the All Nations Scholarship must reapply annually and demonstrate progress toward their culture-crossing new ministry launch. Applicants for the All Nations Scholarship, are asked to please write an essay explaining how they meet the criteria as explained above and submit it to the CMC Program Coordinator.

LEARN MORE ABOUT FINANCIAL AID

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

