his course will examine the basic theories and techniques of influence, providing students with an awareness of the nature, function, and scope of attitude change as well as the concepts of attitudes, credibility, resistance to persuasion, ethics, and modern advertising practices.


COM 344: Theory and Practice of Interviewing
3

This course will examine the theory and techniques of oral communication in the process of interviewing with the practical application to employment, information gathering (as in journalism and investigations), and persuasive interviews (as in selling and legal argument).


COM 371: Introduction to Social Media
3

This course will explore the fundamentals of and introduce social media and other emerging technologies and tools, current trends and future directions, benefits, values, and risks. Case studies will be reviewed to assess how social media impacts and influences fields such as communication and marketing and how it informs future trends and developments. Prerequisites: (WRT 102 or WRT 201) and (COM 280 or MKT 341).


COM 412: Media and Script Writing
3

This course will examine script writing for radio, television and film with projects including announcements, commercials, news, features, documentaries, comedy, and game and music shows.


COM 422: Studies in Public Relations
3

Public relations (PR) as a communication discipline will be examined in this course with an emphasis on developing and implementing campaigns including presentations by PR professionals and in-class projects/exercises on topics such as public relations in nonprofit organizations, corporate and social responsibility, media relations, technology, and ethical issues.


COM 451: Organizational Communication
3

The role of communication in achieving organizational goals; the theory and practice of communication in private and public organizations; and techniques to enhance understanding in organizations will be examined in this course.


COM 471: Advanced Strategies in Social Media
3

This course will utilize the practical tools and strategies required to successfully leverage social networks to develop and understand core concepts that can be applied to various applications. This course will utilize the practical tools and strategies required to successfully leverage social networks to develop and understand core concepts that can be applied to various applications and give you the necessary tools to manage a social media account as a business representative. In this course you will gain experience creating a social media marketing strategy, such as curating actual content, creating a social media training plan, advertisements, and a crisis and metrics plan. Prerequisite: COM 371 or consent of the instructor.


COM 485: Rhetorical Criticism
3

The history, nature, purpose, and methods of rhetorical criticism. Eight (8) critical approaches to the analysis of human communication events will be studied. Prerequisite: Junior standing.


COM 488: Communication Research Methods
3

As an introduction to the research process, this course will examine how research is planned and designed; introduce the process of data collection and analysis; explore the methodology for communication research (including sampling, questionnaire design, and introduction to statistics); and provide experiences in conducting original research. Prerequisite: COM 280.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

