https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/edd/leadership/educational-trips
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Ed.D.: Leadership
Program Design 
Curriculum
Specializations 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Requirements
Events 
Contact 
Apply Now
Educational Trips
DOCTOR OF EDUCATION (Ed.D.) IN LEADERSHIP

The Ed.D. program at Concordia embeds educational trips within the curriculum to enhance student understanding of how policy, law and culture affect learning organizations. These trips also offer students and faculty the opportunity to build a sense of community and camaraderie within the cohort.

Washington, D.C.
EDD 706: Policy, Law, and Practice in Dynamic Settings

This course embeds an educational trip within the curriculum to enhance your understanding of how policy, law, and culture affect learning organizations. You will travel to Washington, D.C., and meet with government officials to discuss standards, policies, and entities that presently guide decisions at the national, state, district, and school levels and how political aspects impact education policy.

The D.C. trip was beyond amazing! The speakers showed us a different perception of reality. What we thought was real and what is reality was very different. This will allow us to look at our districts and our state in a different light.

LaVonne Riggs

International Trip
EDD 704: Change Forces in Diverse Educational Settings

During the International trip, you will interact with colleagues and students from the country visited to generate a comparative analysis of different educational systems and to identify desirable attributes to integrate within their local educational system. The EDD 704 course visits different countries in Asia each year, with past trips to China, South Korea, and Japan.

The transformational piece came for me when I decided to travel to China...we journeyed to a rural area near Shanghai to help teach migrant children English. I was amazed at how hard the children worked to learn and speak English. As a speech therapist I value communication so highly, and to see them striving and succeeding to communicate in English moved me deeply. My heart was so moved that I have decided to do what I can to bring awareness about the migrant population in China.

Danette Piantanida Bonillo Ed.D.'17

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

