ly writing skills and the development of a problem statement and a preliminary chapter two and chapter 3 of the dissertation proposal. Important during these advisements will be the student’s identification of a theoretical framework and the kinds of references they will need to continue to gather for the literature review.  Initially students build on the Annotated Bibliography and Preliminary Literature Review Benchmarks toward developing broader understanding of their research ideas related to the literature. Each student is assigned a dissertation committee chair to direct the student through the dissertation track process and to provide feedback on drafts of student written work. 

Also during Dissertation Advisements, students will focus on the development of the preliminary methodology chapter for the preliminary dissertation proposal and on the development and alignment of research questions to research methods described in the chapter.  Students will be guided on the collection and analysis of data, both quantitatively and qualitatively, to lead them to the answering of their research questions, based on skills that have been developed through the Research Benchmarks: Quantitative Research Plan and Qualitative Research Plan.  Each student will also receive feedback from her or his chair and research course instructor on drafts of chapter one (problem statement, purpose of the study, & research questions) and chapter three of the preliminary dissertation proposal. EDD 774b Dissertation Advisement serves as a time to develop a mixed methods research design from previous work conducted for the Quantitative Research Plan and Qualitative Research Plan.  Time is also devoted to writing, review, revision, and approval of the preliminary dissertation proposal. Moreover, students will be provided with direction in developing a detailed timeline leading them to successful completion of the next stages of the dissertation process.

EDD 781-791C: Dissertation
12

During the dissertation proposal and research phases, the doctoral candidate engages in a number of activities and tasks to fulfill the requirements of the dissertation track.

A doctoral student may need additional time to complete the preliminary dissertation proposal, under the guidance of the student’s Dissertation Seminar 4 professor.  Once approved by the seminar professor and Doctoral Office, the doctoral candidate is assigned to a dissertation chair and committee. 

Under the direction of the dissertation chair and working with committee members, the doctoral candidate develops the final version of the comprehensive dissertation proposal including the problem statement, literature review, and research design. The candidate will also receive training and gain certification on the institutional review board (IRB) approval process at Concordia and submit proposals to the IRB. During this time the candidate also prepares for the oral defense of the dissertation proposal and work with the dissertation chair to schedule the oral defense of the proposal. 

Dissertation research involves the implementation of the dissertation research design, collection and analysis of data, and reporting and discussion of research findings.  Each doctoral candidate will execute the research design, follow the dissertation proposal timeline, collect and analyze data related to dissertation research questions, work with the dissertation chair to discuss the execution of the dissertation research plan and progress made on data collection and analysis, organize and write drafts of chapters 4 and 5 of the dissertation, and prepare for the dissertation oral defense as outlined in the doctoral student handbook. Dissertation research culminates in the successful completion of the dissertation and dissertation oral defense.

LEARN MORE ABOUT DISSERTATION RESEARCH

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

