l also create a personal philosophy and leadership development plan to demonstrate their own commitment to continuous learning and improvement.


EDD 706: Policy, Law and Practice in Dynamic Settings
3

This course will provide students with insight into the development of, response to, and ability to influence the larger political, social, economic, legal, and cultural contexts impacting organizations and practices. Specific emphasis will be given to standards, policies, and entities presently guiding decisions at national, state, and local levels. The course provides a rich history of the political aspects inherent to policy and how these policies transverse from the federal government to state and local levels. Group travel to Washington D.C. to meet with governmental officials will be incorporated into this course.


EDD 707: Change Forces in Diverse Settings
3

This course will provide students insight and knowledge into the challenges and complexities of intercultural communication in the global context. The course engages students in the process of reflective, critical thinking and acting to enable them to navigate in complex and dynamic intercultural environments and educational settings. Specific emphasis is placed on knowledge and skills necessary for cross-cultural interpersonal and group communication that reflects a commitment to respect for other cultures and an ability to communicate with diverse audiences. Central to the course is the idea that understanding of cultures is essential to leading diverse learning organizations in a rapidly changing and mobile world. The course concludes with an examination of how changing culture in systemic ways can lead to successful reform. International Research Trip or Experiential Learning Practicum is embedded within this course.


DISSERTATION RESEARCH
EDD 771-772A & 775-775C: Dissertation Seminars
2

Dissertation Seminar 1 serves as an orientation to the initial stages of the dissertation seminar process.  This seminar will focus on identification of a potential research topic, conducting a broad scan of the literature, reviewing, summarizing, and classifying annotated sources, and mastering the academic writing style (American Psychological Association).  Students will be provided with an overview of dissertation topics and sample dissertation proposals. The seminar will also reference work done on the Annotated Bibliography Benchmark Assessments. 

Dissertation Seminar 2 will build on the information covered in Dissertation Seminar 1 with the final outcomes of the seminar to be the development of a prospectus and focused review of literature (i.e., annotated bibliography) for the preliminary dissertation proposal.  In this seminar students focus on annotating and evaluating sources and narrowing a researchable topic, while beginning the process of identifying a theoretical framework and preliminary research method. Attention will be given to identifying problem statements and research questions that can guide their progress toward completion of the preliminary dissertation proposal.  Students build upon the Annotated Bibliography and Preliminary Literature Review Benchmark Assessments to move students toward an initial outline for the preliminary dissertation proposal. 

Dissertation Seminar 5 parallels EDD 791 (a-c) to provide doctoral candidates further direction and strategies in implementing the comprehensive dissertation proposal, addressing challenges that arise in the collection and analysis of data, organizing and writing chapter 4 and chapter 5 of the final dissertation document, and preparing for the dissertation oral defense as outlined in the doctoral student handbook. Candidates will also attend and participate in a professional conference to gain a complete understanding of the research process and to promote networking among professionals.

EDD 773-774B: Dissertation Advisement
1.5

Dissertation Advisements serve as a time for students to focus on scholarly writing skills and the development of a problem statement and a preliminary chapter two and chapter 3 of the dissertation proposal. Important during these advisements will be the student’s identification of a theoretical framework and the kinds of references they will need to continue to gather for the literature review.  Initially students build on the Annotated Bibliography and Preliminary Literature Review Benchmarks toward developing broader understanding of their research ideas related to the literature. Each student is assigned a dissertation committee chair to direct the student through the dissertation track process and to provide feedback on drafts of student written work. 

Also during Dissertation Advisements, students will focus on the development of the preliminary methodology chapter for the preliminary dissertation proposal and on the development and alignment of research questions to research methods described in the chapter.  Students will be guided on the collectio