https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/edd/leadership/educational-administration
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Ed.D.: Leadership
Program Design 
Curriculum
Specializations 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Requirements
Events 
Contact 
Apply Now
DOCTOR OF EDUCATION (Ed.D.) IN LEADERSHIP
Educational Administration

For school-level and district-level administrators, and leaders in faith-based institutions and other educational settings

Educational Administration

External demand for doctorates in educational administration will continue to steadily grow over both the long and short term, in large part due to competition among educators to land administrative positions within schools and school districts. Demand for administrators to fill vacated or new administrative positions should continue to moderately increase in the coming years. Many educators also pursue Ed.D. degrees for reasons other than for administration positions, including such positions as educational policymaker, professor, and educational consultant, among others.

Educational Administration is designed to enhance the leadership knowledge and skills of educators to effectively manage human and fiscal resources in a sustainable way that supports learning for all students. Featured courses include Technology in a Systems Approach to Leadership, Strategic Human Resource Management and Development, and Sustained Fiscal Leadership for Organizational Effectiveness. Content covered within this Specialization further aligns the Ed.D. degree with the eight leadership competencies for the State of California’s Clear Administrative Services Credential. We also offer an Advanced Graduate Certificate in Educational Administration.

Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

When do you want to start? 
- Select start term
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

By requesting information, I consent to be contacted by Concordia University Irvine through my email, phone or text message.

ATTEND AN INFO NIGHT
Ed.D. Specialization Curriculum
EDUCATIONAL ADMINISTRATION COURSES
EDEA 703: Technology in a Systems Approach to Leadership
3

This course will provide students opportunities to learn and to utilize technology for pursuit of information, providing transformational instruction, communicating effectively with all stakeholders, and fostering an organizational culture that embraces technology toward ongoing improvement. The course covers a wide spectrum of available technological resources to help leaders better understand student achievement as well as contextual factors (ex. school climate, parent satisfaction, teacher satisfaction) in schools. Specific emphasis will be given to exploration of potential applications of technological resources in a current organizational setting for becoming an integral component of leadership and school culture, performance monitoring, and enhancing learning options for students and staff members.


EDEA 704: Strategic Human Resource Management and Development
3

This course will provide students with the knowledge and skills to effectively manage human resources in a sustainable way that supports learning for all students, fosters a professional work environment, upholds contractual agreements, and develops employee capacity fairly and ethically. Specific emphasis will be focused upon promoting a learning organization through effective and collaborative performance reviews, legal compliance, and strategic placement of resources to maximize organizational effectiveness toward student learning.


EDEA 705: Sustained Fiscal Leadership for Organizational Effectiveness
3

This course provides students with an overview of successful fiscal leadership in schools by surveying the dynamic landscape of school funding from federal, state, and local levels. This course will provide students with abilities to effectively lead safe, efficient, and effective organizations through meaningful and compliant fiscal management of organizational components, operations, and resources. Specific emphasis will be given to the study of the major responsibilities of a fiscal leader and the utilization of resources in effective and transformative ways.


RESEARCH COURSES
EDD 751: Quantitative Analysis for Leaders
3

This course will provide students with an overview of statistics as applied to the educational setting in school leadership through review basic statistics and utilization of the Statistic Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) as the technological platform for managing and understanding data to drive decision making in schools. Students will participate in hands on learning labs applying statistical analysis to real data sets and become skilled in the analysis, interpretation, and consumer use of statistical analysis applied to school settings and situations. A software fee is required.


EDEA 752: Mixed Research Methods for Educational Leaders
3

This course provides students with an exposure and skill development in the use of mixed methods, both qualitative and quantitative, for the study of educational research. Students will learn and understand the theoretical underpinnings of mixed methods and the application of these methods for effective leadership in dynamic global settings. The course approaches conducting research and the understanding of research as a key competency for those who will successfully lead schools and organizations in the 21st century. Special attention is given to design of research questions, problem and purpose statements, variables, constructs and sampling. This course also prepares students to craft and answer important educational questions using mixed methods.


EDEA 753: Qualitative Design and Analysis for Educational Leaders
3

This course develops students skill set in the use of qualitative methods for the study of educational research. Students will learn and understand the theoretical basis of qualitative methods and how these methods are applied toward the successful leadership of schools and school districts. The course covers the collection, coding, analysis, and reporting of qualitative data. This course also prepares students to craft and answer important researchable questions using qualitative methods.


VIEW Ed.D. CORE CURRICULUM

View Specializations in Organizational Change or Special Education

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

