ffectively lead safe, efficient, and effective organizations through meaningful and compliant fiscal management of organizational components, operations, and resources. Specific emphasis will be given to the study of the major responsibilities of a fiscal leader and the utilization of resources in effective and transformative ways.


RESEARCH COURSES
EDD 751: Quantitative Analysis for Leaders
3

This course will provide students with an overview of statistics as applied to the educational setting in school leadership through review basic statistics and utilization of the Statistic Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) as the technological platform for managing and understanding data to drive decision making in schools. Students will participate in hands on learning labs applying statistical analysis to real data sets and become skilled in the analysis, interpretation, and consumer use of statistical analysis applied to school settings and situations. A software fee is required.


EDEA 752: Mixed Research Methods for Educational Leaders
3

This course provides students with an exposure and skill development in the use of mixed methods, both qualitative and quantitative, for the study of educational research. Students will learn and understand the theoretical underpinnings of mixed methods and the application of these methods for effective leadership in dynamic global settings. The course approaches conducting research and the understanding of research as a key competency for those who will successfully lead schools and organizations in the 21st century. Special attention is given to design of research questions, problem and purpose statements, variables, constructs and sampling. This course also prepares students to craft and answer important educational questions using mixed methods.


EDEA 753: Qualitative Design and Analysis for Educational Leaders
3

This course develops students skill set in the use of qualitative methods for the study of educational research. Students will learn and understand the theoretical basis of qualitative methods and how these methods are applied toward the successful leadership of schools and school districts. The course covers the collection, coding, analysis, and reporting of qualitative data. This course also prepares students to craft and answer important researchable questions using qualitative methods.


VIEW Ed.D. CORE CURRICULUM

View Specializations in Organizational Change or Special Education

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

