https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/edd/leadership/organizational-change
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Ed.D.: Leadership
Program Design 
Curriculum
Specializations 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Requirements
Events 
Contact 
Apply Now
DOCTOR OF EDUCATION (Ed.D.) IN LEADERSHIP
Organizational Change

For leaders in higher education, non-profit organizations, private firms, government, business and corporate sectors, faith-based institutions, and athletics administration

Organizational Change

Demand is high for a degree in organizational change. For example, approximately two of three university business professors possess a doctorate, and most institutions of higher education are now requiring a doctorate for full-time positions. An even greater demand, however, exists for executive leadership positions in medium to large organizations. There are more than 16,000 large organizations with over 500 employees in the United States. Yet less than 2% of CEO’s in these organizations possess a doctorate, which trails both China (33%) and the European Union (24%). Other top positions include COO, CFO, HR Director and other Executive Director positions whose top ranks see a doctorate as a competitive advantage.

In an ever-changing professional world, strong ethical leadership can make a crucial difference in the success of an organization. To this end, Organizational Change prepares graduates to effectively lead and implement change in complex organizations, by employing various motivational and management strategies and skills. Featured courses include Innovation and Organizational Change, Entrepreneurship, and Consultancy Project. We also offer an Advanced Graduate Certificate in Organizational Change.

Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

When do you want to start? 
- Select start term
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

By requesting information, I consent to be contacted by Concordia University Irvine through my email, phone or text message.

ATTEND AN INFO NIGHT
Ed.D. Specialization Curriculum
ORGANIZATIONAL CHANGE COURSES
EDOC 703: Innovation and Organizational Change
3

This course focuses on innovation and change in organizations in response to environmental and technological induced disruptions they bring to organizations or systems. Organizational change theories and models, futurist literature, and major world trends in innovation that impact sustainable change efforts in education, health care, social enterprises, for- profit and not-for-profit organizations, and related disciplines are examined. Topics include models and strategies in anticipating, creating, and managing change; collaboration; overcoming resistance to change; and creativity and innovations. Students will investigate applications and practices of organizational change relevant to their academic and professional interests.


EDOC 704: Entrepreneurship
3

New venture creation, theory, strategy, and practice for organizational leaders are explored. Students will conduct a comprehensive study of the process of shepherding an entrepreneurial idea from formulation to fruition by forming new ventures in for-profit, not-for-profit, and philanthropic organizations.


EDOC 705: Consultancy Project
3

Students apply their knowledge, skills, and values to a real-world problem. Students will work with an external company as their client and identify a project-based issue, concern, or problem; identify a set of strategies to meet the projected goals; seek the assistance of a mentor in achieving the goals; and begin to implement strategies to achieve a solution to the issue or problem. The consultancy course spans one semester and includes plan preparation and approval, implementation of the plan, presentation of results to clients, and an evaluation of the projects.


RESEARCH COURSES
EDD 751: Quantitative Analysis for Leaders
3

This course will provide students with an overview of statistics as applied to the educational setting in school leadership through review basic statistics and utilization of the Statistic Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) as the technological platform for managing and understanding data to drive decision making in schools. Students will participate in hands on learning labs applying statistical analysis to real data sets and become skilled in the analysis, interpretation, and consumer use of statistical analysis applied to school settings and situations. A software fee is required.


EDOC 752: Mixed Research Methods for Leaders of Organizational Change
3

This course provides students with an exposure and skill development in the use of mixed methods, both qualitative and quantitative, for the study of organizational change research. Students will learn and understand the theoretical underpinnings of mixed methods and the application of these methods for effective l