https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/edd/leadership/special-education
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Ed.D.: Leadership
Program Design 
Curriculum
Specializations 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Requirements
Events 
Contact 
Apply Now
DOCTOR OF EDUCATION (Ed.D.) IN LEADERSHIP
Special Education

For school office personnel, principals, directors of special education, and leaders in higher education and faith-based institutions

Special Education

There are close to seven million children with disabilities in the United States. Yet education leaders have had limited training in working with students with disabilities, and most have taken only one special education course during their credential programs. As such there is a tremendous need for education leaders to understand and lead programs for effective special education; specifically, need exists for doctoral programs designed to explicitly train administrators to lead in special education. In A School Leader’s Guide to Special Education, McLaughlin & Ruedel (2012) report only one percent of the doctoral programs available are designed to train special education administrators.

Leaders within special education help make exemplary education accessible to a broad range of students, irrespective of gifts/learning disabilities and physical/cognitive ability. Special Education equips teachers and school administrators with eclectic skills to create culturally responsive learning opportunities in flexible ways that engage all students academically and socially. Featured courses include Leveraging Inclusive Practices and Services for All Students; Advanced Research in Special Education: Legal, Historic, and Current Issues; and Advanced Social-Emotional Skills for Counselors and Educators. We also offer an Advanced Graduate Certificate in Special Education.

Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

When do you want to start? 
- Select start term
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

By requesting information, I consent to be contacted by Concordia University Irvine through my email, phone or text message.

ATTEND AN INFO NIGHT
Ed.D. Specialization Curriculum
SPECIAL EDUCATION COURSES
EDSE 703: Leveraging Inclusive Practices and Services for All Students
3

This course will prepare Special Education leaders to integrate a variety of inclusive and technology-based strategies into schoolwide planning, classroom instruction, assessment and data-based monitoring to meet the diverse needs of all learners. It is critical educators not only understand but model the attitude of acceptance, creating culturally responsive learning opportunities, and demonstrating flexibility in the ways that students are engaged academically and socially. Evidenced-based teaching strategies and technology that will give all learners access to successful learning opportunities. Topics will include differentiated instruction, individualized accommodations, Universal Design for Learning, and assistive technologies.


EDSE 704: Advanced Research in Special Education: Legal, Historic, and Current Issues
3

Special Education administrators and leaders must know compliance obligations related to the Individuals with Disability Education Act (IDEA) and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act. The landmark Supreme Court Decisions in Special Education and the common mistakes that lead districts into litigation will be discussed. Current issues related to service delivery, fiscal compliance, work with parents and paraprofessionals, assessment, accountability, and inclusive education will be studied.


EDSE 705: Advanced Social Emotional Skills for Counselors and Special Educators
3

This course will guide leaders in building and maintaining social emotional support for learners with special needs (gifts or disability) in education, home, and community settings. Best practices for data-based decision making, School-Wide Positive Behavior Support (SWPBS) and Multi-Tier System of Supports (MTSS) designed to enhance the Least Restrictive Environment (LRE) for all learners will be studied.


RESEARCH COURSES
EDD 751: Quantitative Analysis for Leaders
3

This course will provide students with an overview of statistics as applied to the educational setting in school leadership through review basic statistics and utilization of the Statistic Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) as the technological platform for managing and understanding data to drive decision making in schools. Students will participate in hands on learning labs applying statistical analysis to real data sets and become skilled in the analysis, interpretation, and consumer use of statistical analysis applied to school settings and situations. A software fee is required.


EDSE 752: Mixed Research Methods for Leaders in Special Education
3

This course provides students with an exposure and skill de