ip, Sacramento State University
B.A., Business Administration, University California Riverside
Biography

Dr. Juan Salas has been in public education since 1998. During his first eight years in education, Dr. Salas taught social science courses to middle school and high school students in Stockton Unified School District, before becoming an administrator at a continuation high school within the district. Dr. Salas has served as a district coordinator, assistant principal and principal for the past fourteen years at a 6-12 comprehensive high school, including his responsibilities to lead the International Baccalaureate program. Currently, Dr. Salas is a middle grades principal at Washington Unified School District in West Sacramento, CA.

His entire experience in education has focused on Title I schools, with an emphasis in English Language Learners and vulnerable student populations. Dr. Salas holds the following credentials: California Tier II Administrative Service, California Clear Single Subject--Social Science, and Supplemental Credential, Business Administration. He has been married to his supportive wife, Olivia, for 14 years and has one son and two daughters.

Areas of Expertise
Transformational Leadership
Educational Leadership
K-12 Education
Alternative Education
English Language Learners
Culture & Climate
Language Acquisition
International Baccalaureate Program (IB)
Multi-Tiered Systems of Support (MTSS)
Positive Behavioral Intervention & Supports (PBIS)
Career Technical Education (CTE)
Professional Learning Community (PLC)
Schlichtemeier, Kent
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, University of California, Los Angeles
kent.schlichtemeier@cui.edu
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, University of California, Los Angeles
M.A., Denver University
B.A., Concordia Teachers College, Seward, NE
Biography

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier is a teacher. He started his teaching career in 1978 teaching 6th-8th grades in Oxnard, CA. After completing his Master’s degree at Denver University in 1984, he continued his teaching career at the high school level in Orlando, FL. Dr. Schlichtemeier served in the School of Education at Concordia University, Irvine from 1988-2003 where he mentored future teachers. In addition to teaching at Concordia, Dr. Schlichtemeier was the women’s basketball coach until retiring in 1993 to pursue his doctorate degree. During the final two seasons of his tenure as coach, the Lady Eagle Basketball team made two consecutive appearances at the NAIA National Basketball Tournament after winning the Golden State Athletic Conference Championships. Dr. Schlichtemeier was voted the District Three NAIA Coach of the Year in 1992 and 1993 and was voted into the Concordia Athletic Hall of Fame in 2006. Dr. Schlichtemeier has served as a teacher and assistant principal at Orange Lutheran High School from 2003-2007, before returning to teach at Concordia University. He enjoys frequent opportunities to speak at sports banquets, school graduations, athletic camps, teacher conferences, and leadership retreats.

Areas of Expertise
Instructional Leadership
Curriculum and Instruction
Assessment
Organizational Culture
School Climate
Instructional Leadership
Action Research
Skon, Kelly
Ph.D., Educational, Disability Studies, Chapman University
kelly.skon@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ph.D., Education, Disability Studies – Chapman University, 2016
MA Ed., Education – Vanguard University, 2009
BS, Mathematics – Chapman University, 2006
Biography

Dr. Kelly Skon is currently an adjunct professor in the Ed.D. and MAED programs at Concordia University Irvine. While Dr. Skon has taught a range of courses in the MAED program, her favorite courses to teach are the 580/605 Research series. Dr. Skon serves as chair or reader on a number of dissertation committees within the doctoral program. She is passionate about equipping those in the field of education with the tools to become advocates for students.

In addition to her work with Concordia University, Dr. Skon serves students and other stakeholders full time in the K-12 setting. Currently she is principal of Beverly Vista Middle School in Beverly Hills. Previously, Dr. Skon was assistant principal in the Huntington Beach Union High School District and prior to this served in the Saddleback Valley Unified as the Coordinator for Secondary STEM and high school guidance. Dr. Skon began her career in 2006 as a middle school math teacher.

Areas of Expertise
Assessment & Data Collection
Curriculum Design
Data Analysis
Instructional Rounds
MTSS
Research Methods
STEM Literacy
Stachowiak, Bonni
Ed.D., Organizational Leadership, Pepperdine University
bonni.stachowiak@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Organizational Leadership, Pepperdine University
M.A., Organizational Leadership, Chapman University
B.A., Social Sciences, Chapman University
Biography

Dr. Bonni Stachowiak gets the privile