 and San Diego regions.

First and foremost, Dr. Howard defines herself as a daughter of the King of Kings, saved by His mercy and grace, and a disciple of Jesus Christ. Her passions are studying His word in Greek and sharing the gospel on short-term mission trips. “God has placed a wonderful desire in my heart for mission work in Africa. I have had the pleasure of traveling to the continent of Africa 8 times in the last 10 years. My first visit was to Swaziland to plant gardens with Dream for Africa. My next two visits were to Ethiopia where I received my Amharic name Ingeda, and worked with Childrens’ Ministry workers for an organization called Kidzana. My next three trips were to Senegal where I had the privilege to work with a local young pastor and his wife in ministry in a small remote villages outside of Thies. Finally my last two visits were to the DR Congo where I have been most blessed work alongside the indomitable Esther and Camille Ntoto serving men, women and children through a variety of ministries. God is doing amazing things in Congo! I can’t wait to go back.”

Areas of Expertise
Adult Learning
Online Teaching and Learning
Scholarly Writing
Mentoring
WSCUC Assessment programs
Training Trainers in Children’s Ministry
Karge, Belinda
Ph.D. in Educational Psychology, Quantitative Methods and Special Education University of California Riverside
belinda.karge@cui.edu
Professor of Education, Doctoral Program
Degrees Earned
Ph.D. in Educational Psychology, Quantitative Methods and Special Education University of California Riverside
M. S. Education, Emphasis in Special Education and Reading, University of California, Riverside
B. S. Psychology, University of California, Los Angeles
A. A. Long Beach City College
Biography

True to her values for all children and youth, Dr. Belinda Karge devotes her career to ensuring that all students have the best success opportunities and leaders are equipped with necessary tools to transform education environments. She is the Coordinator of Curriculum and Instruction and a Professor in the doctoral program at Concordia University Irvine and is a Professor Emeritus from California State University, Fullerton. At CUI she is responsible for EDD program development and improvement, faculty professional learning, curriculum development and assessment, and advising doctoral dissertations. She teaches research courses in the doctoral program and coordinates the Special Education Specialization. Dr. Karge was an Institute of Educational Leadership (IEL) Fellow and leads the CUI Policy class trip to Washington DC every summer.

Dr. Karge received her Ph.D. in Quantitative Methods, Special Education and Educational Psychology, and her Master’s Degree in Reading from the University of California, Riverside. She taught at both the elementary and high school levels and served in various leadership roles in public education subsequent to moving to the university. Prior to joining the faculty at CUI in 2015, she worked at several research universities, both as faculty and in administrative roles. Her professional record demonstrates a consistent pattern of scholarly and creative activities including research, publications (three textbooks, five curriculum texts, four book chapters, several educational tools, over 135 articles), and numerous grants (totaling over twenty million dollars).

Dr. Karge is an expert in research based instructional strategies. She is a sought-after presenter and coach in the areas of whole school reform, higher education engagement strategies, inclusive practices, Prek-12 co-teaching, on-line and face-to-face student engagement, pedagogical strategies, effective teaching and learning in diverse classroom groups. She has received a multitude of awards for her teaching and service to the profession. She was honored with the National Council for Learning Disabilities Floyd Hudson Outstanding Service to the Field of Learning Disabilities award and the Association for Childhood Education International (ACEI) service to the profession award. She is Past-President of the National Association for Alternative Certification. During her career, Dr. Karge has made multiple referred presentations to international, state, and local groups of school district employees and has keynoted several conferences. She travels extensively as a consultant for the U. S. Department of State Office of Overseas Schools.

Dr. Karge spends most mornings hiking or walking with her husband Doug. She is Lutheran and has led many mission trips both in the USA and abroad.

Areas of Expertise
Quantitative Methods
Qualitative Methods
Evaluation Research
Special Education
International Education
Education Reform
New Teacher Induction
Instructional Strategies
Kim, Eugene P.
Ph.D., Comparative Education, University of California, Los Angeles
eugene.kim@cui.edu
Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ph.D., Social Sciences & Comparative Education, University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA)
B