m and was Director for Transition to Teaching Grants and Educator Workforce Development in the Georgia Professional Standards Commission. In the Georgia Department of Education, she was Senior Staff Specialist for School Improvement, Accountability, and Evaluation, Testing and Research divisions.

Prior to joining Concordia University Irvine, Dr. Stephens was adjunct professor of teacher and leader preparation in private and public colleges and universities. She is past Regional Director, President and Policy Director for the National Association for Alternative Certification and is a long-time member in the American Association of School Personnel Administrators, National Association of State Directors of Teacher Education and Certification, Georgia Association of School Personnel Administrators and Georgia Association of Educational Leaders. Dr. Stephens is a trained education mediator, continues to serve on state, regional and national education committees and panels, and is a frequent speaker, trainer and leader for ensuring leadership capacity, quality and access and practice-excellence.

Areas of Expertise
Organizational Leadership, Assessment and Change
Continuous School Improvement
Site-based Team Building and Shared Governance
Building and Sustaining Preparation, Community, Business, Policy and School/District Partnerships
Educator Supply and Demand Data and Planning
Teacher and Leader Succession Planning
Building the Educator Pipeline
Alternative Teacher and Leader Preparation and Certification
Educator Recruitment, Selection, Placement and Retention
Policy and Practice Alignment for Organizational Effectiveness
District and School-based Network Improvement Communities
Teaching and Learning in Equity-Centered Schools
Teacher and Leader Professional Development including Micro-Credentialing Grant Development and Management
Current Certifications
PHCLE - Professional Human Capital Leader in Education, American Association of School Personnel Administrators
K-12 Educational Leadership and School Counseling, Georgia Professional Standards Commission (GaPSC)
Thomas, Margaret C.
Ph.D., Education and Leadership, Barry University
margaret.christmasthomas@cui.edu
Dean of Education
Director of eLearning Programs
Degrees Earned
Ph.D., Education and Leadership, Barry University
M.A., Counselor Education, University of Central Florida
B.A., Psychology, University of North Florida
Biography

Dr. Margaret Christmas Thomas currently serves as Associate Dean of the Townsend Institute for Counseling and Leadership. Before joining the faculty at Concordia University, she provided national leadership, technical assistance, training and consultation for ResCare operations across the United States; consulted directly with the Social Ministry of Government of Bahrain to design programs for special need and at-risk students; consulted, developed and trained leadership in the United Kingdom to develop a new national model for counselors and leaders serving high needs populations. Dr. Christmas Thomas has also served as a school principal with at-risk and juvenile justice populations.

Areas of Expertise
Organizational Theory, Culture and Effectiveness
Systems Theory and Learning Organizations
Educational Psychology
Instructional Leadership
Assessment and Accreditation
Online and Information Technologies
Special Needs Populations
Turner, Scott
Ed.D., P-12 Educational Leadership, CSU Fullerton
scott.turner@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor, School of Education
Degrees Earned
CSU Fullerton, Fullerton, CA, Ed.D., P-12 Educational Leadership, 2018
CSU Fullerton, Fullerton, CA, M.S., Special Education 2009
CSU Fullerton, Fullerton, CA, B.A., Criminal Justice/Sociology, 2006
Biography

Dr. Scott Turner is an Adjunct Professor in the Doctor of Education in Leadership Program, with specialty knowledge in the area of special education. Dr. Turner is currently the Executive Director of the East San Gabriel Valley Special Education Local Plan Area (ESGV SELPA), which is a geographic consortium of 15 Local Education Agencies serving nearly 95,000 students. Prior to his position in ESGV SELPA, Dr. Turner held administrative positions including Director of the South Orange County SELPA, Special Education Site Specialist/Principal, and a K-12 Program Specialist in Saddleback Valley USD. Dr. Turner’s teaching experience was in Santa Ana USD as an Early Childhood Education Specialist. Dr. Turner's doctoral dissertation was a quantitative study of inclusive practices for students with disabilities, titled Preschool Inclusion: A Quantitative Study of the Relationships of Teacher-Held Mental Models and Organizational Characteristics towards Recommendations for Regular Early Childhood Programs.

Special education is an integral part of a successful educational organization and continues to become more focused on accountability and performance. Dr. Turner’s experience as an education specialist, program specialist, site administrator, and SELPA Directo