a. Having grown up in Santa Ana, CA, she experienced first-hand the positive impact education and leadership can have in the lives of students, especially in underserved communities. As a first-generation college graduate, and daughter of immigrants, she brings a unique perspective to the School of Education. Erika enjoys serving her church and her community, traveling, and spending time outdoors with her family.

Education
B.A. in Sociology from California State University, San Marcos
Merwin, Gregory
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, California State University, Fullerton
gregory.merwin@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, California State University, Fullerton
M.S., Education/Administration, California State University, Fullerton
B.A., English, University of California, Irvine
Biography

Dr. Gregory Merwin is Associate Superintendent, Education and Support Services, in the Capistrano Unified School District. Prior to working as Associate Superintendent, Dr. Merwin has served in the roles of Assistant Superintendent and Executive Director of Elementary Curriculum and Instruction, and principal at George White Elementary School in Capistrano Unified. Dr. Merwin also worked in the Magnolia School District, where he was the principal of Albert Schweitzer Elementary School and Robert M. Pyles Elementary School from 2007-2012. Dr. Merwin started his career in education in the Santa Ana Unified School District, where he worked as an elementary teacher, Reading First Literacy Coach, and assistant principal.

Dr. Merwin has taught both doctoral and masters and courses for Concordia Irvine since 2014. In addition, he is also an instructor for the Orange County Department of Education and California State University, Fullerton. His research has focused on transformational leadership, school culture, effective pedagogy, and student achievement.

Areas of Expertise
Instructional Leadership and Strategies
Educational Systems
Educational Policy
Special Education
Social Emotional Learning and Mental Health
Organizational Change
School Culture
Effective Pedagogy for English Learners
Nelson, William
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, Concordia University Irvine
william.nelson@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ed. D., Education Leadership, Concordia University Irvine
M.A.Ed., Cross-Cultural Teaching, National University
B.A., Political Science, University of Pacific
California Administrative Services Credential
California Single-Subject Teaching Credential
Biography

Dr. Nelson has over 25-years of experience with K-12 public school education. He started as a substitute teacher and then became a seventh-grade history teacher while earning his Master's degree in cross-cultural teaching from National University. After spending three years as a high school assistant principal, Dr. Nelson went on to become a comprehensive high school principal for ten years and earned his Doctorate from Concordia University, Irvine Graduate School of Education. Dr. Nelson also has served in various District level positions, including Director of Secondary Education and Senior Director of School Leadership.

Dr. Nelson's work with college and career preparation has helped minority and lower social-economic students to qualify, attend, and graduate from four-year colleges and universities and become prepared for the workforce. Dr. Nelson also is a Fellow with the California Education Policy Fellowship Program and participated in various WASC accreditation teams.

Areas of Expertise
College and Career preparation
Education Leadership
K-12 public education
Equity
Education Reform
Professional Learning Communities
Career Technical Education pathways
Dual Enrollment and Early College pathways
Salas, Juan
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, Concordia University Irvine
juan.salas@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, Concordia University Irvine
M.A., Educational Leadership, Sacramento State University
B.A., Business Administration, University California Riverside
Biography

Dr. Juan Salas has been in public education since 1998. During his first eight years in education, Dr. Salas taught social science courses to middle school and high school students in Stockton Unified School District, before becoming an administrator at a continuation high school within the district. Dr. Salas has served as a district coordinator, assistant principal and principal for the past fourteen years at a 6-12 comprehensive high school, including his responsibilities to lead the International Baccalaureate program. Currently, Dr. Salas is a middle grades principal at Washington Unified School District in West Sacramento, CA.

His entire experience in education has focused on Title I schools, with an emphasis in English Language Learners and vulnerable student populations. Dr. Salas holds the following credentials: California Tier II Administrative Service, California Clear 