me advocates for students.

In addition to her work with Concordia University, Dr. Skon serves students and other stakeholders full time in the K-12 setting. Currently she is principal of Beverly Vista Middle School in Beverly Hills. Previously, Dr. Skon was assistant principal in the Huntington Beach Union High School District and prior to this served in the Saddleback Valley Unified as the Coordinator for Secondary STEM and high school guidance. Dr. Skon began her career in 2006 as a middle school math teacher.

Areas of Expertise
Assessment & Data Collection
Curriculum Design
Data Analysis
Instructional Rounds
MTSS
Research Methods
STEM Literacy
Stachowiak, Bonni
Ed.D., Organizational Leadership, Pepperdine University
bonni.stachowiak@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Organizational Leadership, Pepperdine University
M.A., Organizational Leadership, Chapman University
B.A., Social Sciences, Chapman University
Biography

Dr. Bonni Stachowiak gets the privilege of speaking with exceptional educators on a weekly basis, as the host of the Teaching in Higher Ed podcast. Since 2014, her podcast has provided a space to explore the art and science of being more effective at facilitating learning. The show has been downloaded over two million times. Teaching in Higher Ed also explores how to improve our productivity, so faculty can have more peace in our lives, and be even more present for our students.

Bonni is the Dean of Teaching and Learning at Vanguard University of Southern California. She’s also a Professor of Business and Management and teaches a few times a year for Concordia's Educational Leadership doctoral program. She’s been teaching in-person, blended, and online courses throughout her entire career in higher education. Bonni and her husband, Dave, are parents to two curious kids, who regularly shape their perspectives on teaching and learning.

Areas of Expertise
Organizational Theory, Culture and Effectiveness
Systems Theory and Learning Organizations
Educational Psychology
Ethics
Instructional Leadership and Strategies
Assessment
Human Resource Management
Ethics
Online and Information Technologies
Stephens, Cynthia
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, University of Sarasota
cynthia.stephens@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ed. D in Educational Leadership, University of Sarasota
Ed.S in Educational Administration and Supervision, University of West Georgia
M.Ed in K-12 School Counseling, University of North Carolina Charlotte
B.A. in Psychology and Social Sciences, Western Carolina University
Biography

Dr. Cyndy Stephens is an Adjunct Professor of Leadership at Concordia University Irvine. Her professional experiences include state-level, district and district private and public education as teacher and educational diagnostician in a residential/day treatment center for severely emotional disturbed children and youth ages 6-16; district-wide Student Support Team Program Coordinator in a large district; Assistant Principal in a diverse school of nearly 1500 elementary students including a substantial special education population; Principal in a rapidly changing and increasingly diverse elementary school that was named Local, State and National School of Excellence--which was selected among the first twenty-four “Charter Schools” in the Georgia League of Professional Schools and named as one of three Lighthouse Schools by the Georgia State Board of Education. Dr. Stephens led a unique partnership with a large state university and feeder schools that resulted in formation of her district’s first collaborative Elementary/Middle/High School Dialogue, Planning Cluster and Articulation Cluster.

Dr. Stephens was awarded National Distinguished Principal by the United States Department of Education. At the state level, she was named Director of the first Georgia Teaching Force Center, appointed Division Director for Educator Workforce Development, Research and Recruitment and, Program and was Director for Transition to Teaching Grants and Educator Workforce Development in the Georgia Professional Standards Commission. In the Georgia Department of Education, she was Senior Staff Specialist for School Improvement, Accountability, and Evaluation, Testing and Research divisions.

Prior to joining Concordia University Irvine, Dr. Stephens was adjunct professor of teacher and leader preparation in private and public colleges and universities. She is past Regional Director, President and Policy Director for the National Association for Alternative Certification and is a long-time member in the American Association of School Personnel Administrators, National Association of State Directors of Teacher Education and Certification, Georgia Association of School Personnel Administrators and Georgia Association of Educational Leaders. Dr. Stephens is a trained education mediator, continues to serve on state, regional and national education committees and panels, and is a frequ