od Education International (ACEI) service to the profession award. She is Past-President of the National Association for Alternative Certification. During her career, Dr. Karge has made multiple referred presentations to international, state, and local groups of school district employees and has keynoted several conferences. She travels extensively as a consultant for the U. S. Department of State Office of Overseas Schools.

Dr. Karge spends most mornings hiking or walking with her husband Doug. She is Lutheran and has led many mission trips both in the USA and abroad.

Areas of Expertise
Quantitative Methods
Qualitative Methods
Evaluation Research
Special Education
International Education
Education Reform
New Teacher Induction
Instructional Strategies
Kim, Eugene P.
Ph.D., Comparative Education, University of California, Los Angeles
eugene.kim@cui.edu
Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ph.D., Social Sciences & Comparative Education, University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA)
B.S., Psychobiology, University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA)
Biography

Dr. Eugene P. Kim started at Concordia University Irvine in 2007 as Dean of Asia Programs responsible for the strategic planning of the university's Asia strategy and Founding Director of the MA in International Studies (MAIS) programs in International Education, International Development and International Business. From 20078-2017, Dr. Kim was deployed to Shanghai, China and represented the university's interests in China and Asia; during that time he established MOU's and partnerships with over 20 Chinese universities and schools in Shanghai, Hangzhou, Beijing, Kunming and other cities; developed graduate programs with over 300 alumni and $1.5 million in annual revenues; implemented short-term immersive study abroad programs for undergraduate and graduate students to China; successfully fund-raised for a Asia library; designed marketing materials, promotions and university branding in China.

Currently (since 2017) Dr. Kim serves as faculty in the EDD in Leadership program, mentoring dissertation students in K-12, higher education, non-profits, and business sectors. His current research interests align with those of his doctoral students including under-represented minority access to STEM, internationalization of education, educational entrepreneurship and innovation, and gratitude interventions.

Prior to this, Dr. Kim was a tenure-track professor at Pepperdine University where he taught graduate level teacher education courses and was the founding coordinator of a professional development school in Hollywood. During his tenure at Pepperdine University, he served as chair of the Pepperdine Charter School Initiative, as advisor to doctoral students of educational leadership, and as a member on the Rank, Tenure, and Promotion Committee.

Dr. Kim has served on boards of foundations and universities (Harvey Fellows, Emperor’s College), founded several non-profits and private companies (House for Kids, Foundation for Transformational Leadership, Xiamen Concordia International School, Integrated Education, Ltd., Kennedy Group, Ltd.), and is consultant to diverse industries including foreign investment, Hollywood films, and executive leadership.

Areas of Expertise
Private, Charter & Public Education
K-12 & Higher Education
Comparative & International Education
Faith-Learning-Vocation Integration
Innovation & Entrepreneurship
Quantitative, Qualitative & Mixed-Methods Research
International Business & Development
Program Development/Management/Evaluation
Lyerly, Erika
B.A. in Sociology from California State University, San Marcos
erika.lyerly@cui.edu
Assistant Director of Ed.D. Operations

Erika Lyerly serves in the School of Education as the Assistant Director of Ed.D. Operations. Prior to her arrival at Concordia University, Erika was a Project Manager and held various leadership roles in the corporate sector. Her faith and her passion for education brought her to Concordia. Having grown up in Santa Ana, CA, she experienced first-hand the positive impact education and leadership can have in the lives of students, especially in underserved communities. As a first-generation college graduate, and daughter of immigrants, she brings a unique perspective to the School of Education. Erika enjoys serving her church and her community, traveling, and spending time outdoors with her family.

Education
B.A. in Sociology from California State University, San Marcos
Merwin, Gregory
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, California State University, Fullerton
gregory.merwin@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, California State University, Fullerton
M.S., Education/Administration, California State University, Fullerton
B.A., English, University of California, Irvine
Biography

Dr. Gregory Merwin is Associate Superintendent, Education and Support Services, in the Capistrano Unified School District. Prior to working as Associate S