 which is a geographic consortium of 15 Local Education Agencies serving nearly 95,000 students. Prior to his position in ESGV SELPA, Dr. Turner held administrative positions including Director of the South Orange County SELPA, Special Education Site Specialist/Principal, and a K-12 Program Specialist in Saddleback Valley USD. Dr. Turner’s teaching experience was in Santa Ana USD as an Early Childhood Education Specialist. Dr. Turner's doctoral dissertation was a quantitative study of inclusive practices for students with disabilities, titled Preschool Inclusion: A Quantitative Study of the Relationships of Teacher-Held Mental Models and Organizational Characteristics towards Recommendations for Regular Early Childhood Programs.

Special education is an integral part of a successful educational organization and continues to become more focused on accountability and performance. Dr. Turner’s experience as an education specialist, program specialist, site administrator, and SELPA Director brings a wealth of information and knowledge for practitioners at all levels.

Areas of Expertise
Evidenced-based practices for students with disabilities
Inclusive Practices for students with disabilities
Continuum of placement options/Free and Appropriate Public Education
Special education staff observation and evaluation
Compliance and reporting activities/Significant Disproportionality
Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA)
Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) of 1990
Due Process/Litigation
Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR)
Community Involvement and Engagement
Vezner, Heather
Ed.D., Organizational Leadership, Northeastern University
heather.vezner@cui.edu
Dean, School of Education | Assistant Professor of Education
Biography

Dr. Heather Vezner first began her teaching career in 1993 as an early childhood teacher. She has now served as an educator for 30 years. Her experiences include being an early childhood and elementary education teacher, early childhood program administrator, and parent educator for a grant-funded early education program. She first came to Concordia University Irvine in 2009 as the Field Experience Coordinator and CalTPA Assistant Coordinator. She has also served as Director of Student Teaching, Director of Preliminary Teacher Credential Programs, Assistant Dean, and currently serves as Dean of the School of Education. Her areas of research and expertise include early childhood education, literacy development, mentoring, teacher preparation, and leadership development.  Thanks be to God for the opportunity to serve and support students in their calling to become educational leaders who make a positive impact in our school communities.

Teaching Credentials and Certificates
Ed.D. - Organizational Leadership, Northeastern University, Boston, 2022
California Multiple Subject Clear Teaching Credential, 2009
Illinois Early Childhood Teaching Credential, 2007
M.A. - Early Childhood Education, Concordia University, Chicago, 1996
Illinois Elementary Education Teaching Credential, 1993
B.A. - Elementary Education, Concordia University, Chicago, 1993
Webb, Catherine
Ed.D. Instructional Leadership, Argosy University
catherine.webb@cui.edu
Professor
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Instructional Leadership, Argosy University, 2007
MAEd., Supervision and Administration, University of Phoenix, 2002
B. A., History, University of California, Los Angeles, 1995
B. A., Geography/Environmental Studies, University of California, Los Angeles, 1995
Biography

Dr. Catherine Webb is a Professor of Education and Coordinator of the California Administrator Performance Assessment (CalAPA). She serves on the Institutional Review Board at Concordia University Irvine and is the Subject Matter Expert for EDUA 516, EDUA 517, EDUA 561, EDUA562 and EDUA563 (5 of the 8 Administrative courses in the MAEd. program). Dr. Webb serves as a generalist currently teaching Education Technology, Administration, and Curriculum and Instruction courses in the MAEd program as well as Dissertation Seminars for the Doctoral Program.

Dr. Webb served as a K-8 teacher, special education teacher, site administrator, and district administrator for over 15 years in California and Arizona. She holds a Clear Administrative Services credential and Clear Teaching credential in both states. Dr. Webb defended her dissertation on the efficacy of professional learning communities and the impact school improvement initiatives have on student academic achievement. Dr. Webb’s expertise lies in curriculum, Instruction and assessment, administration, and technology. Dr. Webb served as a consultant and professional development presenter, serving school districts nationwide. Dr. Webb has worked in Higher Education since 2007.

Areas of Expertise
Technology
21st century Teaching and Learning
Classroom Management
Instructional Leadership
Curriculum, Instruction, and Assessment
Diverse Learners
School Improvement
Common Co