 11 years and spent 11 years teaching K-8 special education in Lutheran Schools in Fort Wayne, IN at the beginning of her career. Kara also serves on the board of directors for the Indiana Non-public Education Association and as an Educator in Residence for the Progress Center. Along with Dr. Karge from Concordia and Dr. Jeremiah Stokes, Kara is co-author of a mental health curriculum for middle school students that is in press from Concordia Publishing House. Along with an undergraduate degree in Elementary Education from Valparaiso University, Kara also has earned graduate degrees in Special Education from Indiana Wesleyan University, Gifted and Talented Education from Ball State University, and a Master’s degree from Indiana Wesleyan in Curriculum and Instruction. She earned her Ph.D. in Special Education Leadership from Concordia University Chicago in 2020.

Areas of Expertise
Response to Intervention (RtI) and Multi-Tiered Systems of Support (MTSS) frameworks
Dyslexia and specific learning disabilities in reading
Inclusion
Early intervention
Special education in parochial schools
Twice-exceptional students
Coghlan, Robert
Ph.D., Educational Urban Leadership, Claremont Graduate University
robert.coghlan@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ph.D., Educational Urban Leadership, Claremont Graduate University
M.S., Educational Administration, California State University--Fullerton
B.A., History, California State University--Long Beach
Biography

Dr. Rob Coghlan has served as Assistant Superintendent, Business Services of Fullerton School District since 2017. Prior to working in Fullerton School District, Dr. Coghlan served as Assistant Superintendent, Business Services from 2012-2017 in West Covina Unified School District and Assistant Superintendent, Administrative Services for Anaheim City School District from 2008-2012.

In addition, since 1986 Dr. Coghlan has worked in a number of positions within K-12 education including Instructional Assistant; Substitute Teacher; Middle School Math Teacher, Assistant Principal, Principal, and Director of Business Services for Corona-Norco Unified School District. Dr. Coghlan has been an Adjunct Professor at Concordia University since 2015.

Areas of Expertise
Public School Finance
Public School Facilities, Maintenance and Construction
Culturally Responsive Teaching Methods
Cultural Proficiency
Quantitative Methods
General Obligation Bond Elections
Motivational Theory
Collins, Deborah L.
Ed.D., K-12 Leadership in Urban Education, University of Southern California
deborah.collins@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., K-12 Leadership in Urban Education, University of Southern California
M.A., Educational Administration, California State University, Long Beach
B.A., Christian Education, George Fox University, Newberg, Oregon
Biography

Dr. Debby Collins has been involved in public education since 1977 when she started her teaching career in Irvine Unified School District as a kindergarten teacher. From 1977 to 1986, she taught all grade levels, from K to 6th. During those years, she served her fellow teachers as their local teachers’ association representative, executive board member and collective-bargaining participant. In 1986, she was hired in Monrovia Unified School District as an elementary school principal. Deborah Collins was appointed to the Assistant Superintendent, Human Resources, position in 2000; and from 2003 to 2013, Dr. Collins was promoted from Assistant Superintendent to Associate Superintendent to Deputy Superintendent. Late in the 2012/ 2013 school year, she became Superintendent of Schools until she retired in July.

While in Monrovia Unified School District, Dr. Collins served as the administrative chair at the negotiations’ tables for all employees for 13 years. She has been credited with her ability to use Interest-Based Bargaining effectively and currently facilitates negotiations with teachers, classified employees and administrators in two school districts. She also provides collective-bargaining training to school educators through School Employers Association of California, (SEAC).

Dr. Deborah Collins is currently teaching in the EdD and MAED programs at Concordia University, and serves on dissertation committees as chair and as a supporting committee member. She is also an adjunct professor at California State Polytechnic University, Pomona, providing instruction in the EdD program, as well as serving students on dissertation committees.

Areas of Expertise
Human Resources Administration
K-12 Instructional Leadership
Professional Collaboration with District Office/ Site Administrators and Teachers
School District Culture and Climate
Qualitative Research Methods
Scholarly Writing/APA Format
Servant Leadership
Mediation
Interest-Based Bargaining
Cunningham, Helene
Ph.D., Education Administration, Claremont Graduate University
helene.cunningham@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ph.D., Education A