d Curriculum and Instruction courses in the MAEd program as well as Dissertation Seminars for the Doctoral Program.

Dr. Webb served as a K-8 teacher, special education teacher, site administrator, and district administrator for over 15 years in California and Arizona. She holds a Clear Administrative Services credential and Clear Teaching credential in both states. Dr. Webb defended her dissertation on the efficacy of professional learning communities and the impact school improvement initiatives have on student academic achievement. Dr. Webb’s expertise lies in curriculum, Instruction and assessment, administration, and technology. Dr. Webb served as a consultant and professional development presenter, serving school districts nationwide. Dr. Webb has worked in Higher Education since 2007.

Areas of Expertise
Technology
21st century Teaching and Learning
Classroom Management
Instructional Leadership
Curriculum, Instruction, and Assessment
Diverse Learners
School Improvement
Common Core Standards
Action Research
APA
Young, Timothy
Ed.D. Educational Leadership, University of California, Los Angeles
timothy.young1@cui.edu
Professor
Degrees Earned
Ed.D, Educational Leadership, University of California, Los Angeles
M.S., Educational Administration, California State University Fullerton
M.A., Spiritual Formation, Biola University, La Mirada, CA
M.S., Educational Counseling, National University, San Diego, CA
B.A., Psychology, Biola University, La Mirada, CA
Administrative Services Credential
California Pupil Personnel Services Credential:  School Counseling
Biography

Dr. Tim Young currently serves in the School of Education as Director of the PPOHA (Promoting Post-Baccalaureate Opportunities for Hispanic Americans) grant and as the Ed.D mentor and Assistant Professor. This grant, awarded to Concordia in 2023 by the U.S. Department of Education, focuses on enrolling and equipping future Hispanic teachers, school administrators, and K-12 district leaders. Dr. Young is dedicated to creating opportunities for graduate students to excel in their degree programs and to eliminating barriers to student access and success.

Prior to joining Concordia, Dr. Young served as the Vice President for Student Affairs and Campus Operations at Vanguard University. In this role, he provided leadership to both student affairs and campus operations departments. He has experience leading and developing teams to foster student success through the development of programs and services tailored to a Hispanic Serving Institution. He also has extensive experience with university operations.

His research has focused on understanding the needs of culturally diverse students and identifying and removing challenges faced by students pursuing degrees, with a particular focus on the experiences of African American students at Christian colleges.

Dr. Young has also worked as both a teacher and school counselor in a variety of K-12 settings including a Lutheran elementary school, a comprehensive high school, community day school, and an alternative education high school.

Additionally, Dr. Young is the founder of The Joshua Foundation for Christian Mentoring, a nonprofit organization dedicated to mentoring pastors and Christian leaders. Through this organization, he provides resources and support to encourage lifelong ministry.

Dr. Young also serves as a strategic planning and organizational development consultant for churches and nonprofit organizations, channeling his passion for improving organizational health and efficiency.

Areas of Expertise
Higher Education
Educational Leadership
School Counseling
Diversity and Inclusion
Organizational Change
Qualitative Research Methods
Title IX Administration
Student Conduct Administration
Mentoring Culture  
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

