two school districts. She also provides collective-bargaining training to school educators through School Employers Association of California, (SEAC).

Dr. Deborah Collins is currently teaching in the EdD and MAED programs at Concordia University, and serves on dissertation committees as chair and as a supporting committee member. She is also an adjunct professor at California State Polytechnic University, Pomona, providing instruction in the EdD program, as well as serving students on dissertation committees.

Areas of Expertise
Human Resources Administration
K-12 Instructional Leadership
Professional Collaboration with District Office/ Site Administrators and Teachers
School District Culture and Climate
Qualitative Research Methods
Scholarly Writing/APA Format
Servant Leadership
Mediation
Interest-Based Bargaining
Cunningham, Helene
Ph.D., Education Administration, Claremont Graduate University
helene.cunningham@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ph.D., Education Administration, Claremont Graduate University
M.A., Education, Claremont Graduate University
B.A., Literature and Writing, University of California, San Diego
Biography

Dr. Helene Cunningham served as school principal for 18 years, nine at the secondary level, nine at elementary. As the National Distinguished Principal for California in 2013, she represented over 10,000 principals in the state and was sent to Washington DC to discuss our nation’s educational challenges with other leaders across the country. Dr. Cunningham leads as keynote, panel, and session speaker on various educational topics. The author of The Art of Principation: How the Role of the Principal Has Changed (2016), Dr. Cunningham writes a motivating read for all new and veteran school administrators to learn, lead, redo, revamp, and renew. In her book, she calls for coaching and mentoring for administrators at each level. She provides support to site and district administrators as an Administrative Coach for the Association of California School Administrators (ACSA). Currently, Dr. Cunningham serves as Director of Curriculum, Instruction and Assessment, P-12, for 18,000 students in 32 schools. In addition, she is an Adjunct Professor at Concordia University, Irvine. She is a servant leader in the field of education for 30 years thus far. She lives and leads by the mantra, “Your work is your signature, so sign it with excellence.”

Eldridge, Edward
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, Concordia University Irvine
edward.eldridge@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, Concordia University Irvine, 2017
M.PA., National University, 2007
B.S., Business Administration, California State University, Sacramento, 1997
Biography

Dr. Edward Eldridge serves as Director of Strategy and Innovation at Sacramento City Unified School District in northern California. Dr. Eldridge has served as an external program evaluator, internal auditor, analyst, accountability coordinator, program coordinator, and educational research administrator for over 20 years, including over 16 years as a K-12 district administrator. He also holds an inactive license as a Certified Public Accountant in California. Dr. Eldridge defended his dissertation on the use of data in implementing positive behavior interventions and supports in a large elementary school setting. His expertise lies in educational leadership, data and visualizations, research and operations, technology solutions, assessment administration, and business management. Dr. Eldridge has worked in K-12 Education since 2003.

Areas of Expertise
Educational Leadership
Data and Visualizations
Research and Operations
Technology Solutions
Assessment Administration
Business Management
Gauna, Reyes
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, Concordia University, Irvine
reyes.gauna@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Education
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, Concordia University Irvine, 2017
M.S., School Counseling, National University, 2003
B.S., Behavioral Science, National University 1997
Biography

Dr. Reyes Gauna is an educator who has a depth of experiences working at all levels of public education. Dr. Gauna is focused on creating a collective vision that engages students, parents, employees and community members to achieve a common vision. He believes that every day is an opportunity to prepare students for tomorrow by providing relevant and engaging educational experiences.

Dr. Gauna’s professional experiences include serving as a Superintendent, Assistant Superintendent, Concordia Irvine, National, and Stanislaus, Universities as a Part-time Adjunct Professor, Director of Educational Services, 6-12 High School and K-8 Principal, Assistant Principal, Elementary, Middle, and High School Counselor, K-8 Teacher, Adult Education Teacher, Campus Safety Monitor, and Custodian.

Gomes, Robin
M.A.Ed, Curriculum and Instruction, Concordia University, Irvine
robin.gomes@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Educatio