https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/edd/leadership/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Ed.D.: Leadership
Program Design 
Curriculum
Specializations 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Requirements
Events 
Contact 
Apply Now
Faculty/Staff
DOCTOR OF EDUCATION (Ed.D.) IN LEADERSHIP

Concordia's School of Education has a strong faculty of experienced educators who are faithful to the university’s mission to “empower students. . . for lives of learning, service, and leadership.” They deeply care about your whole person and are committed to supporting your success and well-being.

Albrecht, Kellie L.
Ph.D. in Education, Chapman University
kellie.albrecht@cui.edu
Assistant Dean | Senior Director of the Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership Program

Dr. Kellie Albrecht is the Assistant Dean for the School of Education, Senior Director of the Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership program, and a Professor of Education. She is responsible for Ed.D. program operations, program development and improvement, faculty training, curriculum development and assessment, and advising doctoral students with their dissertation research. Dr. Albrecht served as the Chair of the Educational Effectiveness Committee (EEC), a member of the Academic Council and Institutional Review Board (IRB).

Prior to teaching in higher education, Dr. Albrecht was an elementary school educator having taught in grades 1, 4, 5, and 6. Dr. Albrecht's experience teaching in urban schools sparked her passion for educating in diverse settings. Her experience working with culturally diverse and underrepresented children led to an interest in English language development and differentiated instructional practices. Additionally, Dr. Albrecht is the mother of four children, her oldest being identical twin boys. Dr. Albrecht's doctoral dissertation was an interpretive phenomenological analysis focused on identifying twins as a cultural group, which investigated individual needs for educating twins. The dissertation is titled, Beyond Bonded Voices: A Qualitative Study with Adult Monozygotic (Identical) Twins.

Dr. Albrecht's experience in higher education includes MAED program development and improvement, faculty training and professional development, advising graduate and postgraduate qualitative research projects, teaching undergraduate, graduate, and multiple and single subject credential courses, supervising student teachers in the field, assessing teaching performance assessments (TPAs), and facilitating TPA student workshops.

Areas of Expertise
Qualitative Research Methodologies: Action Research, Grounded Theory, Interpretive
Phenomenological Analysis, Case Study
Twins’ Research
Differentiated Instructional Practices
English Language Development
Classroom Management
Curriculum Design, Assessment, and Evaluation
Distance Learning: Online Asynchronous & Synchronous, Blended/Hybrid
Program/Course Development, Design, and Improvement
Technological Pedagogy
Bratton, Kara
Ph.D. in Special Education Leadership, Concordia University Chicago, River Forest, IL
kara.bratton@cui.edu
Assistant Professor, School of Education
Degrees Earned
Concordia University Chicago, River Forest, IL, Ph.D. in Special Education Leadership, 2020
Ball State University, Muncie, IN, Licensure in Gifted and Talented Education, 2013
Indiana Wesleyan University, Marion, IN, M.S. in Curriculum and Instruction, 2009
Indiana Wesleyan University, Marion, IN, Licensure in Special Education, 2006
Valparaiso University, Valparaiso, IN, B.S. in Elementary Education, 2000
Biography

Dr. Kara Bratton has served at Concordia University Irvine in the EdD program since 2021, teaching classes in social-emotional learning and mixed methods research, along with serving on dissertation committees and as a dissertation chair. Previously, she was the special education director for Lutheran Special Education Ministries (LSEM) for 11 years and spent 11 years teaching K-8 special education in Lutheran Schools in Fort Wayne, IN at the beginning of her career. Kara also serves on the board of directors for the Indiana Non-public Education Association and as an Educator in Residence for the Progress Center. Along with Dr. Karge from Concordia and Dr. Jeremiah Stokes, Kara is co-author of a mental health curriculum for middle school students that is in press from Concordia Publishing House. Along with an undergraduate degree in Elementary Education from Valparaiso University, Kara also has earned graduate degrees in Special Education from Indiana Wesleyan University, Gifted and Talented Education from Ball State University, and a Master’s degree from Indiana Wesleyan in Curriculum and Instruction. She earned her Ph.D. in Special Education Leadership from Concordia University Chicago in 2020.

Areas of Expertise
Response to Intervention (RtI) and Multi-Tiered Systems of Support (MTSS) frameworks
Dyslexia and specific