https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/edd/leadership/tuition-and-financial-aid
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Ed.D.: Leadership
Program Design 
Curriculum
Specializations 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Requirements
Events 
Contact 
Apply Now
Tuition & Financial Aid
DOCTOR OF EDUCATION (Ed.D.) IN LEADERSHIP
Doctor of Education in Leadership Tuition

Unlike most doctoral programs, our Ed.D. program guarantees a “locked-in” tuition rate for the first three years in which a student is enrolled in the program. Moreover, tuition costs are waived for the last two terms of the third year and the first two terms of the fourth year of enrollment in the program (as needed, to help accommodate a candidate’s financial situation to complete the degree). Please see below for current program costs.

Tuition/Fee	Cost
Student Success Fee	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: Domestic	$50
Graduation Fee	Graduation fee
Cost per Unit	$1046/unit (2024-2025 Catalog Year)
Student Service Fee per Semester	$200
*The tuition rate for a new doctoral cohort is determined prior to the start of an academic year. Fees and trip costs are subject to change during enrollment in the program.
**The above estimated costs do not include costs for textbooks and materials, costs for a computer and accessories including a webcam, dissertation related costs, and other costs typically associated with a doctoral program such as academic regalia.

Concordia University Irvine’s Ed.D. program includes educational trips that enhance student understanding of policy, law, and practice to effect change in dynamic and diverse educational settings while building a sense of community among students and faculty.

Ed.D. Required Washington D.C. trip - Costs vary, but average approximately $2,000* plus airfare.

Ed.D. Optional People’s Republic of China trip - Costs vary, but average approximately $4,000*.

*This is an estimate. Actual costs depend on market fluctuations of currency rates and actual costs

LEARN MORE ABOUT FINANCIAL AID

Lutheran Educator Discount

For applicants currently serving as a teacher or administrator in a Lutheran school, Concordia offers a 10% discount on tuition when you pursue a degree through Concordia University Irvine's School of Education. Candidates for this special discount simply need to submit a signed letter from their school administrator verifying employment along with all application materials.*

CUI Alumni Loyalty Discount

For applicants who have earned a degree from Concordia University Irvine, the university offers a 10% discount on tuition when you pursue an additional degree or program through our School of Education. Candidates for this special discount simply need to inform the Admissions Office of your eligibility when applying for admissions.*

Yellow Ribbon Program

Concordia University Irvine is proud to participate in the Yellow Ribbon GI Education Enhancement Program and we have an unlimited number of scholarships at an unlimited dollar amount for those who qualify.

LEARN MORE

*Students receiving Concordia Faculty/Staff Waiver, Graduate Assistants, and Scholarship Athletes cannot combine with tuition discounts.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

