f computer security. He has held positions within the Department of Defense working in Maryland, Germany, and the United Kingdom, as well as working as an independent contractor for Dragos, Inc., a company specializing in security for Industrial Control Systems. 

Matthew Cserhati
Associate Professor of Computer Science

Dr. Matthew Cserhati is associate professor in the Department of Computer Science here at Concordia University Irvine. He wrote his Ph.D. thesis in bioinformatics on the topic of an enumeration-based transcription factor binding site prediction algorithm while at the Hungarian Academy of Science’s Biological Research Center. He has 21 years of programming experience, 15 years in academia and 3 years in industry. He has authored more than 70 scientific papers in peer-reviewed journals, mainly in bioinformatics and baraminology and taught courses in computer science and bioinformatics.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

COMPUTER SCIENCE FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Computer Science major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Julie Melberg
Mathematics and Computer Sciences Chair
julie.melberg@cui.edu
949-214-3295

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

