https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/computer-science
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Computer Science Major
Minor
Curriculum
Faculty
Materials
Get Started
Computer Science Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Prepare for a Career in the Growing Field of Computer Science

Acquire the skill sets that become building blocks for creative thinking, communicating, and problem-solving with Concordia University Irvine’s foundational and applicable Bachelor of Science in Computer Science degree.

As a computer science major, you will explore complex challenges and formulate real-world solutions in the design, development, and analysis of computer software and hardware. Building on a well-rounded foundation of core courses, you will also gain real-world skills that employers desire through your coursework. Qualities like adaptability, speed, precision, clear communication, and problem-solving will be worked out through group work, supported internship opportunities, and a software development project. Through this process, you will be equipped with the necessary skills for today's connected economy.

Concordia’s computer science major is distinctive because it will provide you with excellent technical skills as well as a Lutheran, Christian liberal arts education that develops your intellectual, spiritual, and ethical habits as wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens.

APPLY NOW

Capstone Course

In your senior year, you will have the opportunity to apply what you’ve learned in your culminating course. You can choose between a faculty-approved software development project or an internship as a part of your degree requirements.

Software Project

Working with a team of your peers, you will have the opportunity to apply the skills and knowledge that you have learned through your coursework in a practical software development project.

Internship

Take advantage of the many tech companies that are headquartered in Irvine and nearby with an internship during your senior year. Your professors will work with you to find an opportunity that matches your interests in computer science.

Opportunities for Computer Science Majors

According the U.S. Department of Labor, “Computer scientists are likely to enjoy excellent job prospects, because many companies report difficulties finding these highly skilled workers.” They also project a 19% increase in computer science-related jobs through 2026, which is much faster than other industries and national averages. Concordia University’s location in Irvine – a city in Southern California that has established itself as a major player in the tech industry – provides opportunity for internships and employment.

Career Opportunities

The Computer Science degree will provide you with general preparation for skilled careers in a variety of areas within the industry.

Software Developers
Computer Systems Engineers/Architects
Information Security Analysts
Software Quality Assurance Engineers
Computer Systems Analysts
Computer and Information Research Scientists
Computer and Information Systems Managers
Academic Opportunities

The Computer Science major collaborates with other departments in the School of Arts and Sciences when structuring courses and interdisciplinary research.

Computer Science Minor
Mathematics Major
Mathematics Minor
Physics Major
Materials Needed

For computer science courses, students should have a laptop computer that is running the latest version of either Apple macOS, Microsoft Windows, or a Unix-like operating system. For engineering courses, students will often need to work in a Windows environment (non-Windows users may need additional resources, such as Parallels). We recommend a mid-range to upper-end computer system. Our courses are rigorous and we want to avoid the frustrations that come with bargain computers.

Our students report that it is a big benefit to have an external mouse and reasonably-sized display monitor in their dorm rooms, but this is not a requirement.

Most Chromebooks, iPads, and other tablets will not work because they do not allow you to install the proper development tools or only provide limited functionality. A few highly skilled students have managed to get by with a combination of a high-end Chromebook and the desktop computers that are available 24/7 in our computer science and engineering labs; however, this setup is discouraged.

Curriculum

The Computer Science major endeavors to prepare you with in-demand hard and soft skills for work vocations involving computers and technology in the 21st century.

COMPUTER SCIENCE SAMPLE COURSES
CSC 104: Fundamentals of Programming
4

This course covers the basic principles of computer programming and algorithm design using the C# programming language. The class addresses basic language syntax, branching, looping, exceptions, I/O, string processing, best practices, and tools for writing quality computer programs. It also introduces the process of turning a program that was written in a high-level language into an intermediate language and how the operating system then loads and executes it. Students in the class will be able to write elementary programs that will run on the Microsoft .NET Framework and the open source equivalent, Mono.

CSC 105: Web Design
3

This course introduces contemporary web design. Students will learn basic HTML and CSS for building static web pages. The course will include JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, and JSON to build an interactive website. Students will also learn about responsive web design and user experience concepts.


CSC 210: Introduction to Operating Systems
3

This course examines the functional components of computer systems, including their hardware implementation and management at different levels, and their interaction, characteristics, and performance. The course will include process management, I/O devices, interrupt structures, resource and memory management, and file systems. Prerequisite: C- or better in CSC 104.


CSC 214: Programming Languages
3

This course examines disciplined programming using a high-level language with specific emphasis on program design, style, efficiency and documentation. Topics include syntax and semantics, statement and subprogram control, data types and data control, design and implementation issues and source control.

CSC 428: Information Security
3

This course examines the fundamentals of information and web security. Topics will include practices of computer system security, operating system security, network security, software security, web security and cryptography algorithms. Offered alternate years. Prerequisites: C- or better in CSC 210 and CSC 316.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

As a Computer Science major at Concordia, you will find that our qualified faculty are not only adept at teaching concepts and theories, they also care about your interests and goals and prepare you for your career by helping you develop employable skills.

Julie Melberg
Department Chair

Professor Julie Melberg joined the Concordia mathematics faculty in 2010. Professor Melberg enjoys teaching mathematics at Concordia University Irvine, teaching Core Mathematics classes as well as courses for the Mathematics and Computer Science majors. Her teaching and research focus on inquiry-based learning and encouraging students to develop life-long thinking skills.

Professor Joshua Tallman
Assistant Professor of Computer Science & Program Director

Professor Joshua Tallman joined the Concordia University faculty in 2019 as part of the Computer Science Department. He holds a Master's degree in Computer Science from Johns Hopkins University with a BA in Computer Engineering. Professor Tallman has 15+ years of experience working as a programmer and analyst in the field of computer security. He has held positions within the Department of Defense working in Maryland, Germany, and the United Kingdom, as well as working as an independent contractor for Dragos, Inc., a company specializing in security for Industrial Control Systems. 

Matthew Cserhati
Associate Professor of Computer Science

Dr. Matthew Cserhati is associate professor in the Department of Computer Science here at Concordia University Irvine. He wrote his Ph.D. thesis in bioinformatics on the topic of an enumeration-based transcription factor binding site prediction algorithm while at the Hungarian Academy of Science’s Biological Research Center. He has 21 years of programming experience, 15 years in academia and 3 years in industry. He has authored more than 70 scientific papers in peer-reviewed journals, mainly in bioinformatics and baraminology and taught courses in computer science and bioinformatics.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

COMPUTER SCIENCE FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Computer Science major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Julie Melberg
Mathematics and Computer Sciences Chair
julie.melberg@cui.edu
949-214-3295

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

