https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/edd/leadership/admissions
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Ed.D.: Leadership
Program Design 
Curriculum
Specializations 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Requirements
Events 
Contact 
Apply Now
Admissions Requirements
DOCTOR OF EDUCATION (Ed.D.) IN LEADERSHIP
APPLY NOW

The Ed.D. program has been designed for candidates who have demonstrated the potential for doctoral study and leadership, as substantiated during the admission process, and obtained a master's degree in education or a closely related field from a regionally accredited institution with a minimum GPA of 3.5.

Ed.D. Program Requirements

Please submit the following program admission documents to the Director of Graduate Admissions.

A Graduate Application for Admission
A $50 non-refundable application fee
A Master's degree or higher from a regionally accredited institution
Minimum GPA of 3.5 on a 4-point scale
Official transcripts (e-transcripts preferred) sent to gradadmissions@cui.edu or Graduate Admissions Office
Current resume or vita
Two current letters of recommendation on Concordia University Irvine online forms - one completed by the applicant's supervisor and one from someone who can attest to your potential for doctoral study and leadership
A Statement of Intent. This should be a double-spaced paper, three to five pages in length detailing the applicant's: a) educational goals b) short- and long-term professional goals c) professional activities d) research interests to be pursued in the program e) professional experience f) reasons for choosing the Concordia University Irvine doctoral program.

All program admission documents must be submitted before an application file is considered complete.

Start Term	Start Date	Application Deadline
Spring 2024	March 4, 2024	February 19, 2024
Fall 2024	August 26, 2024	August 12, 2024
Spring 2025	March 3, 2025	February 17, 2025
After You Submit Your Application
Each Ed.D. application file is evaluated as a whole by a doctoral faculty committee to determine if the prospective candidate should be contacted for an in-person interview.
During the in-person interview, the prospective candidate meets with the Executive Director of the Ed.D. program and possibly one or more program faculty. You will be asked to discuss how your interest in the doctoral program in educational leadership relates to your career goals, what experience you may have with online learning environments, your interests in scholarship, prior research activities, and how future educational pursuits align with the overall mission of Concordia University, Irvine.
Within two weeks of the interview, you will be notified if you have been officially accepted to the Ed.D. program.
Students with International Transcripts

ALL non-US equivalent transcripts must arrive with a certified English evaluation and translation, and evidence of degree posted. The student must have a minimum GPA of 2.75 on a 4.0 scale, or equivalent to that according to the grading system used by the country that a student is applying from.

Please note that Concordia University Irvine does not have a translation or evaluation service, and students are responsible to get an official translation and evaluation done by a NACES-approved evaluation agency verifying the equivalent of a regionally accredited U.S. bachelor's degree or higher – Concordia University Irvine prefers international transcripts to be evaluated through IERF.

Please ask for a Detail Report (also known as a course-by-course report)
Mail it to:
Concordia University Irvine
ATTN: Graduate Admissions/School of Education
1530 Concordia West Irvine, CA 92612

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

