https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/education/leadership-symposia
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Servant Leadership Institute

Academies
Leadership Symposia
Director
Leadership Bureau
Perfecting the Practice Blog
Contact 
THE 4 DIMENSIONS OF EXTRAORDINARY SERVANT LEADERSHIP
Saturday, April 13, 2024
The 4 Dimensions of Extraordinary Servant Leadership
Hosted by the School of Education
 Saturday, April 13, 2024
​​8:30 AM - 2:00 PM (New Students)
8:30 AM - 1:00 PM (Guests, Alumni, Continuing Students)
CU Center

Extraordinary leaders lead with all of who they are for the good of others. Leadership Coach, Jenni Catron believes that servant leaders lead with an understanding of their influence on others and purposefully lead from their whole selves - heart, soul, mind, and strength. In this symposium, you'll learn how to engage these four dimensions and become an extraordinary servant leader. 

RSVP TODAY

Keynote Speaker 2024
LIVE Session Presented by:
Jenni Catron
Leadership Coach, Author, and Speaker

Jenni Catron is a leadership coach, author, and speaker. Her passion is to cultivate healthy leaders to lead thriving organizations. She speaks at conferences and events nationwide, seeking to help leaders develop the clarity and confidence to lead well. As Founder and CEO of The 4Sight Group, she consults organizations on leadership, team culture, and organizational health. With over 20 years of experience in corporate and non-profit organizations, Jenni has a passion for helping leaders “put feet to their vision.”
​
She holds a bachelor of science in business from Middle Tennessee State University and is a certified Scale Architect of Predictable Success. Career highlights have included nine years at EMI Music in Nashville, TN traveling the globe marketing, branding, and promoting top Christian music artists. Additionally, Jenni served as executive director for Cross Point Church in Nashville, TN, one of the largest and fastest-growing churches in the country. In her role, she led the staff through the transitions associated with growing from 500 to more than 6,000 in attendance and led the expansion from one to five locations. In 2016 Jenni launched The 4Sight Group.
​
Jenni is the author of several books including Clout: Discover and Unleash Your God-Given Influence and The 4 Dimensions of Extraordinary Leadership. She loves a fabulous cup of tea, great books, learning the game of tennis, and hiking with her husband. Jenni can be found on social media at @jennicatron and www.get4sight.com.

Contact Us

For more information about the Leadership Symposium, please direct any questions to:

Kathy Mueller
Assistant Director of Events & Partnerships

(949) 214-3336
kathy.mueller@cui.edu

Perfecting the Practice of Effective Leadership
Learn what’s working and share ideas

Something amazing happens when a teacher feels prepared and supported in the classroom. You can guide classroom learning through new material with confidence. Disruptions are waylaid by using tried and tested classroom management skills. Shared resources lighten your workload and the work you need to do becomes the work you love to do.

Educator Leadership Academy A Huge Success
ARTICLE
Servant Leadership - A Perspective
ARTICLE
Education to Nurture the Heart and Mind
ARTICLE
Attitude Adjustment by the Hour
ARTICLE
‌
Previous Perfecting the Practice Blog Post
‌
Next Perfecting the Practice Blog Post

VIEW BLOG

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

