 clear or life California teaching credential that requires a baccalaureate degree and a program of professional preparation, including student teaching or the equivalent and holds an English learner authorization; or
(b) a clear or life California designated subjects teaching credential in adult education, career technical education, vocational education or special subjects, provided the applicant also possess a baccalaureate degree, and holds an English learner authorization; or
(c) a clear or life California services credential in pupil personnel services, health services for school nurse, teacher librarian services, or speech-language pathology or clinical or rehabilitative services requiring a baccalaureate degree and a program of professional preparation, including field work or the equivalent.

APPLY NOW
School of Education

Concordia’s School of Education offers four different teaching credentials, seven distinctive Master of Arts in Education (MAEd) graduate degrees, and a Doctorate of Education (EdD) in Leadership. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. Concordia’s School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their career.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THE SCHOOL OF EDUCATION

Contact Us

For more information about the Administrative Services Credential program, please fill out our inquiry form or contact:

Janet Lee
Associate Director of Graduate & Adult Admissions
949-214-3573
janet.lee@cui.edu

Get Started
Info Nights

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

RSVP TODAY

Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

REQUEST INFO

Apply

Are you ready to get started? Select the Administrative Credential program, and you will be on your way to the online application.

APPLY NOW

Request Info
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

