A minimum of 20 hours of experience must be at the district level and a minimum of 20 hours must be at a site different from where the practicum student works. Finally, a minimum of 20 hours must be spent working with a diverse student population.

EDUA 591: Advanced Administrative Practicum
3

The second practicum (EDUA 591) is taken concurrently with the second half of the course work and builds upon the accomplishments of the first practicum. The advanced practicum is designed to continue fostering opportunities to develop and practice the California Administrator Performance Expectations (CAPEs). These practices assist in preparing candidates with the skill set necessary for effective school leadership. A minimum of 50 practicum hours must be completed in EDUA 591, adding to the 50 hours already competed in EDUA 590.

Additional courses required should students want to complete the MAED: Master of Arts in Educational Administration:

EDEL 510: Servant Leadership
3

This course will present the value of incorporating the servant leadership model into one’s repertoire as an educational leader today. Students will identify key characteristics and strategies that will enhance their legacy as a leader who galvanizes positive changes in the lives of students, colleagues, parents, and the overall school culture.

EDUA 517: Curriculum Design and Evaluation
3

This course will provide students with an intensive study of pedagogical approaches and materials for teaching in schools, including state curriculum documents, the curricular recommendations of professional associates, recommendations that have emerged from recent educational research, and the recommendations of recent reform movements with emphasis on the study of alternative approaches to curriculum theory, design, practice, and evaluation.

Additional Course should a student require remediation:

EDUA 564 – CalAPA Cycle Remediation
1*

In compliance with state requirements, the preliminary administrative services credential program offers a remediation opportunity for candidates in need of repeating a failed attempt for one or more of the CalAPA cycles. Candidates will repeat the corresponding 8 week course of the CalAPA Cycle in need of remediation under instructor guidance. Candidates may repeat as many times as necessary to receive a passing score on the CalAPA cycle(s). All three CalAPA cycles are available for remediation at 1 unit per cycle per attempt at the current MAED tuition. (Please refer to the MAED Handbook for more information on the remediation process.)
*per cycle needing remediation

Criteria for Admission

Students interested in applying to this program must have a valid credential* and have completed two years of successful full-time teaching experience for at least a minimum day of 75% of the total days in the school year.

Applicant must hold a valid bachelor's degree or higher from a regionally accredited institution.

To complete your Administrative Services Credential admission file you will need the following:

Online application
$50 non-refundable application fee
Official copies of highest degree-granting institution transcripts
Cumulative GPA of 2.75 or better
BSR passage
Valid Credential*

Verification of minimum 2 years of Successful Full-Time Teaching Experience. 

Documentation of teaching experience must be on the district or employing agency letterhead and signed by the superintendent, assistant superintendent, director of personnel, or director of human services.
Before Concordia’s Credential Analyst can recommend a student for a Certificate of Eligibility (COE) or Preliminary Credential, the student must have completed five (5) years of successful, full-time experience in public schools, non-public schools, or private schools.  Full-time service means service for at least a minimum day for 75% of the total days in the school year.  (Substitute or part-time service does not apply). 

*Possess one of the following valid credentials:
(a) a clear or life California teaching credential that requires a baccalaureate degree and a program of professional preparation, including student teaching or the equivalent and holds an English learner authorization; or
(b) a clear or life California designated subjects teaching credential in adult education, career technical education, vocational education or special subjects, provided the applicant also possess a baccalaureate degree, and holds an English learner authorization; or
(c) a clear or life California services credential in pupil personnel services, health services for school nurse, teacher librarian services, or speech-language pathology or clinical or rehabilitative services requiring a baccalaureate degree and a program of professional preparation, including field work or the equivalent.

APPLY NOW
School of Education

Concordia’s School of Education offers four different teaching credentials, seven distinctive Master of Arts in Education (MAEd) graduate degrees, and a Doc