https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/administrative-services-credential
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES CREDENTIAL PROGRAM
School of Education
GET STARTED 
Administrative Services Credential Program

The Administrative Services Credential program at Concordia University Irvine offers a credential-only route to secure an administrative credential apart from a master’s degree. Designed to prepare leaders in private or public K-12 education, this program equips aspiring administrators to gain knowledge in leadership best practices, facilitating community, and supporting growth.

Preliminary Administrative Services Credential (PASC)
Completion of this 24-unit program will allow students to file through Concordia’s Credential Analyst for a Preliminary Administrative Services Credential with the State of California Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CTC).

Designed for working educators, courses can be completed fully online in 8-week terms.

Students may choose to complete the master’s degree by completing two additional courses (6 units) at the end of their PASC program. Students must apply to our MAED: Educational Administration program.

Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Concordia University Certificate Programs do not participate in Title IV Federal Financial Aid programs. The Administrative Services Credential Program at Concordia University is considered a certificate program. Students enrolled or planning to enroll in the Administrative Services Credential Program can apply for a private student loan.

PASC Program Highlights
Offers an expedited path towards the Preliminary Administrative Services Credential, with the option of earning a master’s degree by completing only two additional courses.
Accomplished faculty members are committed to guiding students who will make a positive impact on their professions.
Benefit from a program that pursues excellence in a Christ-like service, treating teachers and students with love, dignity, and respect.
Learn from a credentialed veteran practitioner who will partner with and guide you through an enriched practicum experience.
Clear Administrative Services Credential

Concordia University Irvine and the Institute for Leadership Development at the Orange County Department of Education have established a partnership for Concordia’s PASC graduates who have secured an administrative position and who need to clear their Administrative Service Credential (Tier 2). At the conclusion of the Tier 2 program, candidates who successfully meet program requirements are issued the Clear Administrative Services Credential.

To Clear your Administrative Services Credential, students can contact Orange County Department of Education Clear Administrative Services Credential Coordinator, Dr. Hannah Geddy, directly and mention you are with Concordia University Irvine School of Education.

Hannah Geddy, Ed.D.
Program Administrator
hgeddy@ocde.us
(714) 668-7813

Clear Administrative Services Credential Program Partnership Highlights
An individualized program that focuses on California Professional Standards for Educational Leaders (CPSEL) for your Tier 2.
Offers 80 hours (40 hours per year) of job-embedded coaching to individuals currently employed in an administrative position in the PK-12 setting.
Graduate students enrolled in Concordia’s Ed.D. program have the opportunity to take the test and bypass the 24 required units for the Tier I Preliminary Credential.
Program Courses
PRELIMINARY ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES CREDENTIAL (PASC): REQUIRED COURSES
24 Units
EDUA 556: Legal and Political Aspects in Education
3

This course will explore the shaping of education in America by law and the legal system as students are encouraged to become familiar with the manner in which courts operate, how they make their decisions, and the impact of their decisions on education and educational policy.

EDUA 557: Human Resources
3

This course will examine the trends, issues, scope, and practices of personnel administration in schools and address issues of personnel management strategies, theories of managing school personnel, and the evaluation protocol for classified and certificated personnel.

EDUA 558: Financial Resources
3

This course will examine the trends, issues, scope, and practices of school finance and address issues of financial management strategies, techniques for developing a projected budget and strategic plan, Local Control Funding Formula, and Local Control Accountability Plan.

EDUA 561: Analyzing Data to Inform School Improvement and Promote Equity
3

Students will analyze multiple sources of school site/district data for the purpose of identifying equity gaps to inform an initial draft plan for equitable improvement in line with the school’s vision, mission, and goals. W