https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/administrative-services-credential
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES CREDENTIAL PROGRAM
School of Education
GET STARTED 
Administrative Services Credential Program

The Administrative Services Credential program at Concordia University Irvine offers a credential-only route to secure an administrative credential apart from a master’s degree. Designed to prepare leaders in private or public K-12 education, this program equips aspiring administrators to gain knowledge in leadership best practices, facilitating community, and supporting growth.

Preliminary Administrative Services Credential (PASC)
Completion of this 24-unit program will allow students to file through Concordia’s Credential Analyst for a Preliminary Administrative Services Credential with the State of California Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CTC).

Designed for working educators, courses can be completed fully online in 8-week terms.

Students may choose to complete the master’s degree by completing two additional courses (6 units) at the end of their PASC program. Students must apply to our MAED: Educational Administration program.

Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Concordia University Certificate Programs do not participate in Title IV Federal Financial Aid programs. The Administrative Services Credential Program at Concordia University is considered a certificate program. Students enrolled or planning to enroll in the Administrative Services Credential Program can apply for a private student loan.

PASC Program Highlights
Offers an expedited path towards the Preliminary Administrative Services Credential, with the option of earning a master’s degree by completing only two additional courses.
Accomplished faculty members are committed to guiding students who will make a positive impact on their professions.
Benefit from a program that pursues excellence in a Christ-like service, treating teachers and students with love, dignity, and respect.
Learn from a credentialed veteran practitioner who will partner with and guide you through an enriched practicum experience.
Clear Administrative Services Credential

Concordia University Irvine and the Institute for Leadership Development at the Orange County Department of Education have established a partnership for Concordia’s PASC graduates who have secured an administrative position and who need to clear their Administrative Service Credential (Tier 2). At the conclusion of the Tier 2 program, candidates who successfully meet program requirements are issued the Clear Administrative Services Credential.

To Clear your Administrative Services Credential, students can contact Orange County Department of Education Clear Administrative Services Credential Coordinator, Dr. Hannah Geddy, directly and mention you are with Concordia University Irvine School of Education.

Hannah Geddy, Ed.D.
Program Administrator
hgeddy@ocde.us
(714) 668-7813

Clear Administrative Services Credential Program Partnership Highlights
An individualized program that focuses on California Professional Standards for Educational Leaders (CPSEL) for your Tier 2.
Offers 80 hours (40 hours per year) of job-embedded coaching to individuals currently employed in an administrative position in the PK-12 setting.
Graduate students enrolled in Concordia’s Ed.D. program have the opportunity to take the test and bypass the 24 required units for the Tier I Preliminary Credential.
Program Courses
PRELIMINARY ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES CREDENTIAL (PASC): REQUIRED COURSES
24 Units
EDUA 556: Legal and Political Aspects in Education
3

This course will explore the shaping of education in America by law and the legal system as students are encouraged to become familiar with the manner in which courts operate, how they make their decisions, and the impact of their decisions on education and educational policy.

EDUA 557: Human Resources
3

This course will examine the trends, issues, scope, and practices of personnel administration in schools and address issues of personnel management strategies, theories of managing school personnel, and the evaluation protocol for classified and certificated personnel.

EDUA 558: Financial Resources
3

This course will examine the trends, issues, scope, and practices of school finance and address issues of financial management strategies, techniques for developing a projected budget and strategic plan, Local Control Funding Formula, and Local Control Accountability Plan.

EDUA 561: Analyzing Data to Inform School Improvement and Promote Equity
3

Students will analyze multiple sources of school site/district data for the purpose of identifying equity gaps to inform an initial draft plan for equitable improvement in line with the school’s vision, mission, and goals. Within the cycle of investigate, plan, act, and reflect, students will collect and analyze multiple sources of longitudinal quantitative and qualitative data. Students will conduct an equity gap analysis to identify potential causal factors, all culminating in a problem statement, defining a specific educational need related to equity. Students will attend one best practices Saturday symposium that will present topics on critical issues in education for administrators.

EDUA 562: Facilitating Communities of Practice
3

Students will focus on facilitating collaborative professional learning within a community of practice for the purpose of improving teaching and student learning. Within the cycle of investigate, plan, act, and reflect, students will identify and work with a small group of educators to identify a problem of practice and select an approach for working together. Additionally, students will identify an evidence-based strategy to address the problem of practice that will strengthen and increase equitable learning opportunities for all students. As part of the cycle, students will reflect on how their facilitation supports the group to address the problem of practice, and how they responded to the group’s feedback on their facilitation and on their ability to support the professional learning of the community of practice. Students will attend one best practices Saturday symposium that will present topics on critical issues in education for administrators.

EDUA 563: Supporting Teacher Growth
3

Students will focus on coaching an individual teacher to strengthen teaching practices and improve student learning and/or well-being. Within the cycle of investigate, plan, act, and reflect, students will become familiar with coaching and observation practices at the school; identify a volunteer teacher whom the student will coach; and conduct a full coaching cycle, including a pre- observation meeting, a focused classroom observation to collect CSTP-related evidence of practice, and conduct a post-observation meeting. Throughout this leadership cycle, students will reflect on their own strengths and areas for professional growth as a coach and an equity minded leader. Students will attend one best practices Saturday symposium that will present topics on critical issues in education for administrators.

EDUA 590: Administrative Practicum
3

In the Administrative Fieldwork/Practicum (EDUA 590/591), students examine administrative and supervisory behaviors in the context of the school site based upon Narrative Reflections, Signature Assignment Activities and the CalAPA Cycles. These activities are designed to give students hands-on experiences at the school site and district levels anchored in the California Administrator Performance Expectations (CAPEs). Students must complete a minimum of 50 hours of practicum experience in EDUA 590 and a minimum of 50 hours in EDUA 591, respectively. The total hours of practicum experience is 100 hours minimum. A minimum of 20 hours of experience must be at the district level and a minimum of 20 hours must be at a site different from where the practicum student works. Finally, a minimum of 20 hours must be spent working with a diverse student population.

EDUA 591: Advanced Administrative Practicum
3

The second practicum (EDUA 591) is taken concurrently with the second half of the course work and builds upon the accomplishments of the first practicum. The advanced practicum is designed to continue fostering opportunities to develop and practice the California Administrator Performance Expectations (CAPEs). These practices assist in preparing candidates with the skill set necessary for effective school leadership. A minimum of 50 practicum hours must be completed in EDUA 591, adding to the 50 hours already competed in EDUA 590.

Additional courses required should students want to complete the MAED: Master of Arts in Educational Administration:

EDEL 510: Servant Leadership
3

This course will present the value of incorporating the servant leadership model into one’s repertoire as an educational leader today. Students will identify key characteristics and strategies that will enhance their legacy as a leader who galvanizes positive changes in the lives of students, colleagues, parents, and the overall school culture.

EDUA 517: Curriculum Design and Evaluation
3

This course will provide students with an intensive study of pedagogical approaches and materials for teaching in schools, including state curriculum documents, the curricular recommendations of professional associates, recommendations that have emerged from recent educational research, and the recommendations of recent reform movements with emphasis on the study of alternative approaches to curriculum theory, design, practice, and evaluation.

Additional Course should a student require remediation:

EDUA 564 – CalAPA Cycle Remediation
1*

In compliance with state requirements, the preliminary administrative services credential program offers a remediation opportunity for candidates in need of repeating a failed attempt for one or more of the CalAPA cycles. Candidates will repeat the corresponding 8 week course of the CalAPA Cycle in need of remediation under instructor guidance. Candidates may repeat as many times as necessary to receive a passing score on the CalAPA cycle(s). All three CalAPA cycles are available for remediation at 1 unit per cycle per attempt at the current MAED tuition. (Please refer to the MAED Handbook for more information on the remediation process.)
*per cycle needing remediation

Criteria for Admission

Students interested in applying to this program must have a valid credential* and have completed two years of successful full-time teaching experience for at least a minimum day of 75% of the total days in the school year.

Applicant must hold a valid bachelor's degree or higher from a regionally accredited institution.

To complete your Administrative Services Credential admission file you will need the following:

Online application
$50 non-refundable application fee
Official copies of highest degree-granting institution transcripts
Cumulative GPA of 2.75 or better
BSR passage
Valid Credential*

Verification of minimum 2 years of Successful Full-Time Teaching Experience. 

Documentation of teaching experience must be on the district or employing agency letterhead and signed by the superintendent, assistant superintendent, director of personnel, or director of human services.
Before Concordia’s Credential Analyst can recommend a student for a Certificate of Eligibility (COE) or Preliminary Credential, the student must have completed five (5) years of successful, full-time experience in public schools, non-public schools, or private schools.  Full-time service means service for at least a minimum day for 75% of the total days in the school year.  (Substitute or part-time service does not apply). 

*Possess one of the following valid credentials:
(a) a clear or life California teaching credential that requires a baccalaureate degree and a program of professional preparation, including student teaching or the equivalent and holds an English learner authorization; or
(b) a clear or life California designated subjects teaching credential in adult education, career technical education, vocational education or special subjects, provided the applicant also possess a baccalaureate degree, and holds an English learner authorization; or
(c) a clear or life California services credential in pupil personnel services, health services for school nurse, teacher librarian services, or speech-language pathology or clinical or rehabilitative services requiring a baccalaureate degree and a program of professional preparation, including field work or the equivalent.

APPLY NOW
School of Education

Concordia’s School of Education offers four different teaching credentials, seven distinctive Master of Arts in Education (MAEd) graduate degrees, and a Doctorate of Education (EdD) in Leadership. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. Concordia’s School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their career.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THE SCHOOL OF EDUCATION

Contact Us

For more information about the Administrative Services Credential program, please fill out our inquiry form or contact:

Janet Lee
Associate Director of Graduate & Adult Admissions
949-214-3573
janet.lee@cui.edu

Get Started
Info Nights

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

RSVP TODAY

Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

REQUEST INFO

Apply

Are you ready to get started? Select the Administrative Credential program, and you will be on your way to the online application.

APPLY NOW

Request Info
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

