https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/edd/leadership/articles
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Ed.D.: Leadership
Program Design 
Curriculum
Specializations 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Requirements
Events 
Contact 
Apply Now
Ed.D. Articles
DOCTOR OF EDUCATION (Ed.D.) IN EDUCATIONAL LEADERSHIP
Director of Second HSI Grant Named

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 2/16/2024 - 1 minute read

In related news, a project director for Concordia’s second, graduate-level HSI grant has been chosen: Timothy Young, who attended Concordia and is the son of a longtime Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod pastor in Southern California churches. He will oversee staff and programs related to the Promoting Postbaccalaureate Opportunities for Hispanic Americans (PPOHA) federal grant from the U.S. Department of Education.

View Post »

Concordia Steps into Major Role to Evaluate California Education Initiative

Posted on 7/17/2023 - 1 minute read

“This is a huge opportunity for Concordia,” says Dr. Belinda Karge, professor of education and the chair of the special education specialization in the Doctor of Education program. “Typically, this task would go to a private evaluation firm. For us to have the chance to do this is huge. We will be affecting policy.”

View Post »

From Orchards to Educational Leadership

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 11/1/2020 - 6 minute read

Dr. Reyes Gauna, Ed.D. ’18, grew up working in the orchards near Lodi, picking cherries and other fruit alongside his parents who were emigrants from Mexico. Recently, Gauna earned his doctorate in education from Concordia University Irvine and now serves as a public school district superintendent near Stockton. His inspiring story has been featured on CBS News and many local news outlets.
 

View Post »

Stuart Caldwell: Relational Leadership in Education

By Stuart Caldwell
Posted on 11/4/2019 - 4 minute read

When Stuart Caldwell, the new principal at Woodworth-Monroe TK-8 in Inglewood, noticed graffiti-covered tables in a classroom, he decided not to wait for work crews which were already backed up with school improvement projects.

View Post »

Nnenna Okpara: Empowering Her Community

Posted on 10/4/2019 - 4 minute read

Nnenna has been working in Special Education her entire career. In her most current position as a Program Specialist for a large urban school district, she is actively involved with teachers, administrators, and parents in meeting the needs of the children with special needs in her district.

View Post »

Vendetta Dozier Brown: A Passion for Literacy

Posted on 10/4/2019 - 4 minute read

Long before Concordia, as a teacher and administrator, Vendetta had a passion for being a voice for the children in her school district and was particularly vocal about the fact that the children weren't reading and writing at acceptable levels. Her time at Concordia University Irvine served to deepen her passion with respect to this issue, and has motivated her to continue working in her  community to improve literacy.

View Post »

Vonda Rogers: Stepping Out in Faith

Posted on 10/4/2019 - 4 minute read

Most of us cringe when we think of spending a full day with Middle Schoolers, but not Vonda. She has always had a heart for adolescents and a passion for equality and equity. That combination has made this middle school science teacher a powerful force for change on her large urban middle school campus where she is educating her entire community on culture and the need for understanding one another.

View Post »

LaVonne Riggs: Engaging in Restorative Practices

Posted on 10/4/2019 - 5 minute read

LaVonne has been sticking up for the underdog her whole life. Long before she came to Concordia she was passionate about standing against injustice and standing up for those who don’t have a seat at the table or who have been looked at as “less-than.” She currently works with university students implementing restorative practices in higher education. She credits her Concordia experience for challenging and evolving her and her fellow students into not only better citizens but better community leaders and all around better educators.

View Post »

Corinna Lee-Hathuc: Impacting Educators

Posted on 10/4/2019 - 4 minute read

For as long as she can remember Corinna always wanted to be an educator. But growing up as the daughter of a teacher, it wasn’t always easy to distinguish between where her mother’s dream ended and hers began. It wasn’t until she stepped out of classroom teaching  and into Administration that this calling became her own. Today Corinna works at the District Office of a large urban school district impacting teachers and administrators to impact students. She credits Concordia with giving her the tools to successfully make this transition which she says has solidified why she chose to be an educator.  “This work is good food for the soul.”

View Post »

William Nelson: Uplifting Students to Reach Their Goals

Posted on 10/4/2019 - 2 minute read

Will’s goal is to uplift his students, offering them  more opportunities than those he was afforded early in his life. He’s a strong believer that a student’s success reaches far beyond the individual student, but also impacts the students’ family and community. The more success a student has in school, the more likely they’ll find success in their adult lives -  hopefully a future with less reliance on government resources. As a teacher, principal, and now a director, Will regularly implements his dissertation research on college and career readiness and uses it as a tool to encourage his students to take risks, uplifting them to reach their goals.

View Post »

«
1
2
»
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

