ty students implementing restorative practices in higher education. She credits her Concordia experience for challenging and evolving her and her fellow students into not only better citizens but better community leaders and all around better educators.

View Post »

Corinna Lee-Hathuc: Impacting Educators

Posted on 10/4/2019 - 4 minute read

For as long as she can remember Corinna always wanted to be an educator. But growing up as the daughter of a teacher, it wasn’t always easy to distinguish between where her mother’s dream ended and hers began. It wasn’t until she stepped out of classroom teaching  and into Administration that this calling became her own. Today Corinna works at the District Office of a large urban school district impacting teachers and administrators to impact students. She credits Concordia with giving her the tools to successfully make this transition which she says has solidified why she chose to be an educator.  “This work is good food for the soul.”

View Post »

William Nelson: Uplifting Students to Reach Their Goals

Posted on 10/4/2019 - 2 minute read

Will’s goal is to uplift his students, offering them  more opportunities than those he was afforded early in his life. He’s a strong believer that a student’s success reaches far beyond the individual student, but also impacts the students’ family and community. The more success a student has in school, the more likely they’ll find success in their adult lives -  hopefully a future with less reliance on government resources. As a teacher, principal, and now a director, Will regularly implements his dissertation research on college and career readiness and uses it as a tool to encourage his students to take risks, uplifting them to reach their goals.

View Post »

«
1
2
»
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

