https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/economics/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Economics
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
Economics Major
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
ECONOMICS
ACT 211: Financial Accounting
3

Basic elements of accounting and methods of gathering and reporting financial data will be examined in this course, including a study of financial statements, journalizing financial transactions, merchandising activities, investments in property, plant and equipment; and depreciation as it applies to corporations. Prerequisite: BUS 201.

BDA 337: Introduction to Business Data Analytics
3

This is an introductory course teaching applied job skills in close connection to the concepts and theories that drive the daily decisions relevant to data analysis and business intelligence. Each module focuses on a primary theme with real world cases where students will start by grappling with business problems and the underlying data to methodically drill down and solve problems from a technical approach. A few of these topics include, applications of statistics, data visualization tools in Excel, linear regression, time‐series, classification algorithms, and bias in data.

BUS 201: Introduction to Management, Marketing and Information Technology
3

This survey course will look at today's American business systems including a study of various types of businesses and the information they gather, store, and process, including administration and management of people, facilities, and information. Course will include relevant computer experience simulating business situations.


BUS 261: Business Analysis Tools and Business Statistics
3

This course will focus on business analysis and problem solving strategies through the application of Microsoft Excel and deployment of business statistics analytics.


BUS 483: Business Ethics
3

The purpose of this course is to develop a foundation for business ethical decision making and ethical evaluation. The focus includes global and domestic economic, social and legal environmental issues. Ideals, laws and values are evaluated with application of Business Ethics theory and philosophy. Case studies and classical literature underscore learning modalities embracing ethical decision making and analysis. A culmination of previous work is applied. Prerequisites: Business or Economics major with Senior standing.


ECO 201: Macroeconomics
3

This is a survey course of the scope and methods of the study of the principles of macroeconomics. Topics will include decision-making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the determination of prices, the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems, international trade and foreign exchange, financial markets, the role and objectives of government in economic policy.


ECO 202: Microeconomics
3

This is a course covering principles of microeconomics. Topics will include decision‐making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the determination of prices, international trade, elements of industrial organization and varying degrees of competition, and the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems.

ECO 221: History of Economic Thought
3

This is a survey course of the history of economic thought from 1600 to 2000, focusing on primary works and discussion of their historical context. Major authors covered will include Smith, Marx, Marshall, and Keynes. Specific policy areas surveyed include internal improvements, money and banking, tariffs, trade, antitrust, and regulation. Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201.

ECO 321: Econometrics
3

This course is the study of Econometrics, providing techniques for the quantitative measurement and analysis of actual economic and business phenomena. Prerequisites: fulfillment of the general education math requirement, ECO 201 and ECO 202 and (MTH 252 or MTH 271).

ECO 421: Intermediate Microeconomics
3

This course uses principles of economic and statistical analysis in management decision making and practical problem solving; demand evaluation and sales forecasting; cost and profitability analysis; pricing policy; uncertainty and risk, and use of case studies. Prerequisites: fulfillment of general education math requirement and ECO 202.

ECO 428: Intermediate Macroeconomics and Public Policy
3

This course uses economic methodology to evaluate the economic methods used in, and the purposes driving, the development of economic public policies in the U.S., focusing on the role of government in shaping social policy and its impact on individuals. Students will (a) complete an essay describing a recent U.S. economic policy event, and (b) an essay describing the economic justification for recent public policy in one (1) of the following three (3) topics: Environmental and Natural Resource Economics; Economics of Health; or Economics of Education. Prerequisites: fulfillment of general education math requirement and ECO 201 and ECO 202 and (MTH 252 or MTH 271).

ECO 485: Economic Major Thesis
3

This capstone course will integrate and apply key economic theory and models through the student's original choice of research; evaluation of the thesis will be by committee. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisite: Senior status Economics major and ECO 221 and ECO 321.

FIN 331: Finance
3

This is an introductory course to the principles and practices of managerial finance, sources and methods of raising capital, cash flow analysis, financial statement analysis, financial markets, and stockholder equity concerns. Additional concepts will include decision making with risk and use of operation and financial leverage. Prerequisites: General education math requirements and ACT 211.

MTH 252: Introduction to Calculus
3

This course, for non-math majors, will study the limits and the foundations of differential and integral calculus with an emphasis on applications. The use of technology (graphing calculator, websites, Maple) will be used. Prerequisite: C- or better in AMTH 101 or CMTH 101 or MTH 201 or equivalent.

Choose 3 of the following:
BDA 338: Data Wrangling and Decision Making
3

Data wrangling transforms and maps raw data into formats highly useful for analytics and improved decision making. The course is structured to provide students with in‐demand job skills in SQL focusing on real‐world applications from companies such as YouTube and Kickstarter. A combination of online lectures, live discussions with course instructors and classmates refine student capability in applying SQL tools (no coding experience is required) to business situations. Prerequisite: BDA 337.

ECO 323: Money and Financial Markets
3

This course is an overview of financial markets and institutions, money markets, stocks, bonds, foreign currency, and derivatives. Prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

ECO 340: Morality, Social Policy, and Economics
3

This course will begin with a review of classical economic concepts and methods, and a review of the basic tenets of morality. The course will then turn to topics where “moral” social choice is often discussed, such as alleviating human misery, government assistance, pollution, crime, and poverty. The course will conclude by evaluating the methods and government programs that economics suggests can influence moral choice, and the obstacles inherent in the implementation and delivery of such programs. Recommended Prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

ECO 429: Environment, Climate and Sustainability
3

This course is an overview of topics surrounding the assessment of humankind’s interaction and use of the environment, the effect on climate, and assessment of long term sustainability. Using environmental and economics concepts and methods, the course will cover topics such as means to value natural resources, methods for appropriately mitigating externalities (such as pollution), and assessing development activities. The course will also evaluate the availability and use of natural resources, depletable and renewable, such as energy, water, land, and forests. Finally, the course will assess relevant topics surrounding climate change, including its measurement, causes, effects (magnitude and geographic distribution), and potential responses. Throughout the course students will learn the relevant government agencies and legal processes surrounding the environment, climate, and sustainability. Recommended Prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

FIN 445: International Finance
3

This course will explain corporate strategies, opportunities, and processes for raising funds, investing, and developing financial relationships with global partners including a review of global stock markets, money exchanges, and foreign financial institutions. Prerequisite: FIN 331.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

