s and methods, the course will cover topics such as means to value natural resources, methods for appropriately mitigating externalities (such as pollution), and assessing development activities. The course will also evaluate the availability and use of natural resources, depletable and renewable, such as energy, water, land, and forests. Finally, the course will assess relevant topics surrounding climate change, including its measurement, causes, effects (magnitude and geographic distribution), and potential responses. Throughout the course students will learn the relevant government agencies and legal processes surrounding the environment, climate, and sustainability. Recommended Prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

FIN 445: International Finance
3

This course will explain corporate strategies, opportunities, and processes for raising funds, investing, and developing financial relationships with global partners including a review of global stock markets, money exchanges, and foreign financial institutions. Prerequisite: FIN 331.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

