https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/economics/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Economics
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
ECONOMICS MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Faculty
Kinnen, Michael
 
Grimm Hall 206 C
(949) 214-3364
michael.kinnen@cui.edu
Michael Kinnen
Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Michael Kinnen is an expert in finance with over 20 years' managerial and executive experience in valuation and management consulting; he has 10 years' experience teaching at the university level. Prior to embarking on a career in teaching, Michael served corporate clients as an authority on valuation issues in engagements related to mergers and acquisitions, corporate valuation, capital budgeting, solvency, and restructuring. In his various academic appointments, Michael teaches MBA and undergraduate courses in the areas of corporate finance, advanced valuation techniques, real options analysis, investment management, financial statement analysis, and the use of accounting for managerial decision-making. He has also held teaching appointments at La Sierra University, Keller Graduate School of Management, and International American University.

Michael holds a Doctor of Business Administration in accounting at George Fox University. He earned an MBA with a finance concentration from University of California, Irvine, and studied English and accounting at La Sierra University. His current research interests include: identity development of high-potential employees and partners at elite professional services firms, how professionals in PSFs engage in personal reinvention as they pursue career advancement, and the relationship between employee engagement and firms’ financial performance. He also studies, consults, and writes on best practices in supporting, accelerating, and removing barriers to senior leaders’ identity development in Big 4 firms, financing entrepreneurial ventures, and the changing role of family offices in managing entrepreneurial wealth. He speaks frequently at conferences on using business cases to unleash learning and engagement.

Michael, also an expert in leadership development, is actively involved in instructional design, learning program development, and performing leadership assessments for Fortune 50 companies. His firm, MindStorm Group, provides strategic advisory services to corporate boards. An experienced executive, Michael was chief operating officer at a $50 million investment fund. At PacifiCare of California, he oversaw $400 million in budgeting. His investment banking experience includes working with over 100 corporate boards on business strategy and corporate valuation.

Education
Master of Business Administration, University of California, Irvine
B.A. – English, Loma Linda University, Riverside
Doctor of Business Administration, George Fox University
Courses
Advanced Corporate Finance
Corporate Finance
Corporate Strategy
Entrepreneurial Finance
Financial Statement Analysis
Financial Modeling & Business Forecasting
Financial Accounting
Investment Management
Leadership & Organizational Behavior
Managerial Accounting
Mergers & Acquisitions
Mergers, Acquisitions, and Divestitures
Professional Financial Planning

Bio Page

Nagel, Kit
MIM, International Marketing, Thunderbird School of Global Management
Grimm Hall 206 H
(949) 214-3373
kit.nagel@cui.edu
Kit Nagel
Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Professor Nagel is an expert in global marketing. His specific areas of expertise in consumer packaging, supply-chain, and large scale turnkey project management have led to extensive global assignments. Most recently, Nagel was in Berlin working with the pharmaceutical firm Bayer on helping realign its global supply chain.

Nagel teaches at both the MBA and undergraduate levels and enjoys bringing a real-world, cross-disciplinary perspective to preparing students for their careers. Senior executives today note the shortage of trade-literate, culturally sensitive managers, and Nagel’s former students have gone on to positions with leading multinationals and government agencies.

On the academic side, his students have gone on to graduate programs at Tufts, NYU, and the London School of Economics.

Marketing Manager-Asia with Fortune 100 International Paper Co.
VP-Commercial Development with Servrite International
Born in the UK; worked and traveled in over 50 countries
Education
MIM-AGSIM
Publications
International Business: The Challenge of Globalization (Pearson)
"Global Market Entry - Rules of Engagement" (Xlibris)
"Quants Gone Wild" (WSJ)
"Global Marketing Management" (Pearson)
"Luther on Trade and Commerce" (CPH)
Courses
International Marketing
International Finance
Marketing Research
New Venture/Entrepreneurship
History of Economic Thought
Global Enterprise

View Curriculum Vitae

Bio Page

Bio Page

Talk to a Professor

Connect with a Concordia professor in real-time. Get answers to your questions and learn more about our curriculum.

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

