https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/education
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now

Undergraduate Education Program

Education Programs 
Prospective Students 
Current Students
Handbook
Contact Us
UNDERGRADUATE EDUCATION PROGRAMS
School of Education
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Undergraduate Education Programs
Preparing professional educators

Teaching is one of the most rewarding professions you can be in today. Working with students, parents and colleagues is exciting and gratifying. Teachers stretch minds and transform people. Joining Concordia’s School of Education is your first step toward becoming a great teacher!

Every instructor in the School of Education has taught at either the elementary, middle-school or high school level and many have taught more than one grade. Faculty also contribute their experiences as principals, coaches, and school counselors to the information you will learn in class. You will learn from professionals who understand the history of education and are striving to make you the best teacher you can be for the future.

As you prepare for a career in education, it is important to know that Concordia’s Teacher Credential Program is a certified credential-granting institution with the State of California. CUI also offers training for the Lutheran Teaching Certificate through the Lutheran Church Missouri Synod. And if you wish to advance your career further, the School of Ed offers four Masters degrees and a Doctorate in Education.

We welcome you to the start of a career in teaching!

Sincerely,

Dr. Michael W. Schulteis
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Programs
michael.schulteis@cui.edu
949-214-3351

Dr. Rebecca Stanton
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Programs
rebecca.stanton@cui.edu
(949) 214-3345

Majors & Certificates Offered
Elementary Education Teachers
Undergraduate Education

Concordia’s Elementary Subject Matter Preparation Program will prepare you to teach elementary school children by giving you a broad foundation in a variety of subject areas. Our Liberal Studies Major will well prepare you to teach Kindergarten through 6th-grade. In California a person studying to be an elementary school teacher will work toward obtaining a Multiple Subject credential.

LEARN MORE

Middle School Teacher Education
Undergraduate Education

Students interested in teaching secondary education, grades 6 - 8, can pursue one of two paths in California. Those who wish to teach a cluster of courses, such as math, English, and social studies, will complete Concordia’s Liberal Studies Major. Students who wish to teach a single subject, will choose from 9 majors at CUI in the subject matter they are interested in teaching.

LEARN MORE

High School Teacher Education
Undergraduate Education

Students who wish to teach high schoolers, will choose a subject matter they are interested in teaching. Concordia has 9 majors that correlate to single subject credentials authorized by the state of California: Art, Biology, Chemistry, English, Exercise Sport Science (PE), History, Mathematics, Music, and Physics.

LEARN MORE

Special Education
Undergraduate Education

Students interested in teaching special education will complete Concordia's Liberal Studies major and pursue an Education Specialist (EDSP) Teaching Credential. CUI students earn the Education Specialist: Mild/Moderate Support Needs credential, which includes specific learning disabilities; mild to moderate intellectual disabilities; other health impairment; serious emotional disturbance; and authorizes service in grades K–12 and in classes organized primarily for adults through age 22.

LEARN MORE

Lutheran Teacher Certificate
Undergraduate Education

Through Christ College, CUI Lutheran Teacher programs prepare the student for teaching in Lutheran schools at either the primary or secondary level. Students in Lutheran teaching programs complete the requirements for a California teaching credential (either for High School, Middle School, or Elementary School teaching) along with the requirements from our school of Theology.

LEARN MORE

Teacher Credential Program
Post-Baccalaureate Education

Our Teacher Credential Program prepares highly qualified teachers for success in the classroom by offering the following post-baccalaureate programs: Single Subject Credential, Multiple Subject Credential, Education Specialist: Mild/Moderate Support Needs Credential, Clear Induction Credential Programs, and a Combined Credential & Master of Education (M.Ed.) Program. Included in your coursework is one full semester of Student Teaching.

LEARN MORE

Transfer Students
Undergraduate Education

Welcome to your new University home!

We’re glad you are considering Concordia’s School of Education as the place to finish your degree and teaching credential. Most of the information yo