secondary level. Students in Lutheran teaching programs complete the requirements for a California teaching credential (either for High School, Middle School, or Elementary School teaching) along with the requirements from our school of Theology.

LEARN MORE

Teacher Credential Program
Post-Baccalaureate Education

Our Teacher Credential Program prepares highly qualified teachers for success in the classroom by offering the following post-baccalaureate programs: Single Subject Credential, Multiple Subject Credential, Education Specialist: Mild/Moderate Support Needs Credential, Clear Induction Credential Programs, and a Combined Credential & Master of Education (M.Ed.) Program. Included in your coursework is one full semester of Student Teaching.

LEARN MORE

Transfer Students
Undergraduate Education

Welcome to your new University home!

We’re glad you are considering Concordia’s School of Education as the place to finish your degree and teaching credential. Most of the information you need regarding admissions, coursework, and transferring as a Liberal Studies Major or Single Subject Major can be found here.

LEARN MORE

Student Teaching

During your time at CUI we want you to get the best experiences for becoming an outstanding teacher. To do this we give you the opportunity to start working with students from K-12 starting in your first class EDUC 101, Introduction to Teaching.

LEARN MORE

What Students Are Saying

Here’s what graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Teaching Credential Program are saying.

I chose Concordia's teacher education program because I wanted to be able to integrate my faith and career choice. Concordia has allowed me to grow in both aspects of my life.

Sara Gonzales

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Examinations and Assessments

There are several examinations and assessments required of you on your journey to becoming a teacher. These are both state and federal requirements.

TEST REQUIREMENTS
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

