https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/education/credential-course-descriptions
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now

Undergraduate Education Program

Education Programs 
Prospective Students 
Current Students
Handbook
Contact Us
Credential Course Descriptions
UNDERGRADUATE EDUCATION PROGRAMS
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Credential Course Descriptions
TEACHING CREDENTIAL
37 Units
EDUC 200: The Teacher and Technology
1

Students are introduced to five educational technology themes represented in the California Teaching Performance Expectations. Knowledge, skills and resources introduced in this course are applied throughout the Teacher Credential Program courses and will ultimately prepare candidates in their professional practice to facilitate learning as best enabled and supported by technology. Recommended concurrent enrollment with EDUC 204/EDSP 204. Prerequisites: Certificate of clearance; for undergraduates, must be taken before 400-level courses.


EDUC 101: Introduction to Teaching Careers I
1

This introductory course to the field of education and the professional career of the teacher will include the following topics: characteristics of today's learners and of effective teachers and schools; California teacher credentialing procedures; and the university's teacher education program. Fifteen (15) hours of community service in a school or other educational organization serving children are required. Students must arrange their own transportation to the school or educational organization.


EDUC 204: Introduction to Teaching Diverse Populations
2

This course will present the historical and philosophical foundations of teaching in California schools through the broad examination of the California Teaching Performance Expectations (TPEs). Through course activities students will develop awareness of the TPEs. Students are required to participate in 20 hours of fieldwork observation. Through these observations students will recognize the range of service delivery options for diverse populations of pupils. All fieldwork assignments are university assigned. Students are required to complete the observations during k-12 public school hours. Students must arrange their own transportation to the school site. Minimum grade of B- is required for those students applying to the School of Education. Prerequisites: Certificate of clearance; current TB (tuberculosis) test.


EDUC 301: Typical and Atypical Development of Diverse Learners
3

This course will present the major concepts, principles, theories, research, and applications related to the typical and atypical cognitive, social, emotional, physical, and moral development of children and adolescent pupils in inclusive classrooms. Students will learn the major concepts, principles, and research associated with human learning, achievement, motivation, conduct, and attitude as they examine the characteristics of exceptional persons with mild to moderate disabilities.


EDUC 401: Planning and Assessment for Inclusive Classrooms
3

Students will learn a variety of approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and assessing instruction in inclusive classrooms as they examine both formal and informal pupil assessment, including curriculum-based assessment in this course. Students will also learn and apply principles and strategies of differentiated instruction to assessment and instructional planning for diverse pupils. Corequisite: EDUC 451. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program.


EDUC 402: Creating Positive and Inclusive Learning Environments
3

This course will examine strategies for the inclusive classroom and the development of individual behavior management plans through an examination of the Individual Educational Program/ Individualized Family Service Plan (IEP/IFSP) processes, legal requirements, and responsibilities, along with the effects of pupil health and safety on learning. Students will learn skills for communicating, collaborating, and working with families, and supporting professionals and school personnel. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; EDUC 401 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


EDUC 422: Math and Science Methods: Elementary
2

Students will learn approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and assessing instruction in science and mathematics as they draw upon social, cultural, and historical foundations and learning theories as they plan instruction in this course. Corequisite: EDUC 423. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 423: Integrated Curriculum Methods: Elementary
2

Students will learn approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and ass