ent (TPA) Practicum: Field Experience
1

Teaching Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum is a seminar course with 40 hours of field experience. Through field work, reflective practice and weekly seminars, candidates develop an understanding of the California TPA. Candidates will develop a deeper understanding of the "Plan, Teach & Assess, Reflect, Apply" teaching cycle and how to meet the needs of diverse learners. The field experience hours provide an opportunity to develop teaching skills in a classroom setting. This course is comprised of several components: weekly seminars, field experience, and self-evaluation of the California Teaching Performance Expectations. Students must arrange their own transportation to the university assigned school site. Minimum grade of B- required. TPA Program and Field Experience Fee: $275. Corequisite: EDUC 460. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; current certificate of clearance; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; current TB (tuberculosis) test; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 and EDUC 422 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 423 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 481: Teacher Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum: Field Experience
1

This is the last course taken before EDUC 482 and consisting of forty (40) hours of field experience during K-12 public school hours and class seminars and will prepare students to teach in secondary classrooms as they develop an understanding of grades 7-12 curriculum, how to meet the needs of diverse learners, and instructional planning and delivery. Through the activities of this course, students will complete the first two tasks of the California Teaching Performance Assessment (CalTPA). Minimum grade of B- required. Students must arrange their own transportation to the university-assigned school site. TPA Fee: $275. Prerequisites: Current certificate of clearance; current TB (tuberculosis) text; completion; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 424 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 470 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


EDUC 482: Student Teaching: Elementary
12

Student teaching is a full semester, all day experience at a qualified school site under the supervision of a cooperating teacher and university supervisor. Teaching strategies and classroom management are practiced at grade levels and in subject matter that represent the student teacher's career choice. Student Teaching Fee $200. Prerequisites: Completion of all program courses; student teaching clearance; passing scores on the CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) examination; current TB (tuberculosis) test.


EDUC 483: Student Teaching: Secondary
12

Student teaching is a full semester, all day experience at a qualified school site under the supervision of a cooperating teacher and university supervisor. Teaching strategies and classroom management are practiced at grade levels and in subject matter that represent the student teacher's career choice. Student Teaching Fee $200. Prerequisites: Completion of all program courses; student teaching clearance; passing scores on the CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) examination; current TB (tuberculosis) test.


These course descriptions describe the credential courses currently taught by the School of Education that have been accredited by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing.

For a Multiple Subject Credential you will need these courses.
For a Single Subject Credential you will need these courses.
Included in your coursework is one full semester of Student Teaching.
In addition to this coursework, you will need passage of the California State required tests.

Questions? Send an email here or call at 949-214-3350.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this program and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your program. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

