https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/education/credential-course-descriptions
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now

Undergraduate Education Program

Education Programs 
Prospective Students 
Current Students
Handbook
Contact Us
Credential Course Descriptions
UNDERGRADUATE EDUCATION PROGRAMS
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Credential Course Descriptions
TEACHING CREDENTIAL
37 Units
EDUC 200: The Teacher and Technology
1

Students are introduced to five educational technology themes represented in the California Teaching Performance Expectations. Knowledge, skills and resources introduced in this course are applied throughout the Teacher Credential Program courses and will ultimately prepare candidates in their professional practice to facilitate learning as best enabled and supported by technology. Recommended concurrent enrollment with EDUC 204/EDSP 204. Prerequisites: Certificate of clearance; for undergraduates, must be taken before 400-level courses.


EDUC 101: Introduction to Teaching Careers I
1

This introductory course to the field of education and the professional career of the teacher will include the following topics: characteristics of today's learners and of effective teachers and schools; California teacher credentialing procedures; and the university's teacher education program. Fifteen (15) hours of community service in a school or other educational organization serving children are required. Students must arrange their own transportation to the school or educational organization.


EDUC 204: Introduction to Teaching Diverse Populations
2

This course will present the historical and philosophical foundations of teaching in California schools through the broad examination of the California Teaching Performance Expectations (TPEs). Through course activities students will develop awareness of the TPEs. Students are required to participate in 20 hours of fieldwork observation. Through these observations students will recognize the range of service delivery options for diverse populations of pupils. All fieldwork assignments are university assigned. Students are required to complete the observations during k-12 public school hours. Students must arrange their own transportation to the school site. Minimum grade of B- is required for those students applying to the School of Education. Prerequisites: Certificate of clearance; current TB (tuberculosis) test.


EDUC 301: Typical and Atypical Development of Diverse Learners
3

This course will present the major concepts, principles, theories, research, and applications related to the typical and atypical cognitive, social, emotional, physical, and moral development of children and adolescent pupils in inclusive classrooms. Students will learn the major concepts, principles, and research associated with human learning, achievement, motivation, conduct, and attitude as they examine the characteristics of exceptional persons with mild to moderate disabilities.


EDUC 401: Planning and Assessment for Inclusive Classrooms
3

Students will learn a variety of approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and assessing instruction in inclusive classrooms as they examine both formal and informal pupil assessment, including curriculum-based assessment in this course. Students will also learn and apply principles and strategies of differentiated instruction to assessment and instructional planning for diverse pupils. Corequisite: EDUC 451. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program.


EDUC 402: Creating Positive and Inclusive Learning Environments
3

This course will examine strategies for the inclusive classroom and the development of individual behavior management plans through an examination of the Individual Educational Program/ Individualized Family Service Plan (IEP/IFSP) processes, legal requirements, and responsibilities, along with the effects of pupil health and safety on learning. Students will learn skills for communicating, collaborating, and working with families, and supporting professionals and school personnel. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; EDUC 401 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


EDUC 422: Math and Science Methods: Elementary
2

Students will learn approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and assessing instruction in science and mathematics as they draw upon social, cultural, and historical foundations and learning theories as they plan instruction in this course. Corequisite: EDUC 423. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 423: Integrated Curriculum Methods: Elementary
2

Students will learn approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and assessing instruction in history, arts, and physical education as they draw upon social, cultural, and historical foundations, and learning theories in this course. Corequisite: EDUC 422. Prerequisites: Admission to the teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 424: Secondary Curriculum and Methods
4

Students preparing to teach in secondary classrooms will gain an understanding of the secondary school curriculum through the examination of recent research, use the California Frameworks, and K-12 Content Standards to explore their subject areas and evaluate curriculum materials in this course. Emphasis will be given to preparing lesson plans that meet the diverse needs of pupils. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 451: Language and Culture
3

This course will address the impact of cultural, socio-economic status, religion, and gender on the education of elementary and secondary pupils as students examine theories of first and second language acquisition along with effective strategies for teaching English learners. Students will apply these strategies to course activities and assignments. Corequisite: EDUC 401. Prerequisite: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program.


EDUC 460: Literacy Instruction in Diverse Classrooms
4

This course will focus on preparing students to teach reading and language arts in diverse classrooms, following the guidelines set forth by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CCTC), the California Common Core State Standards, and the Reading Instruction Competence Assessment (RICA) Content Specifications. Corequisite: EDUC 480. Prerequisites: Admission to the teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 422 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 423 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 470: Content Area Literacy Instruction
4

Using the guidelines sent forth by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CCTC) and the California and Common Core State Standards as the basis of this course, students will examine the theory and practice of reading instruction as applied to the content areas of middle and secondary schools with an emphasis on the development of reading techniques ranging from assessment of individual skills, selection of appropriate materials, and strategies for instruction in subject areas for diverse classrooms. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 480: Teacher Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum: Field Experience
1

Teaching Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum is a seminar course with 40 hours of field experience. Through field work, reflective practice and weekly seminars, candidates develop an understanding of the California TPA. Candidates will develop a deeper understanding of the "Plan, Teach & Assess, Reflect, Apply" teaching cycle and how to meet the needs of diverse learners. The field experience hours provide an opportunity to develop teaching skills in a classroom setting. This course is comprised of several components: weekly seminars, field experience, and self-evaluation of the California Teaching Performance Expectations. Students must arrange their own transportation to the university assigned school site. Minimum grade of B- required. TPA Program and Field Experience Fee: $275. Corequisite: EDUC 460. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; current certificate of clearance; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; current TB (tuberculosis) test; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 and EDUC 422 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 423 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 481: Teacher Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum: Field Experience
1

This is the last course taken before EDUC 482 and consisting of forty (40) hours of field experience during K-12 public school hours and class seminars and will prepare students to teach in secondary classrooms as they develop an understanding of grades 7-12 curriculum, how to meet the needs of diverse learners, and instructional planning and delivery. Through the activities of this course, students will complete the first two tasks of the California Teaching Performance Assessment (CalTPA). Minimum grade of B- required. Students must arrange their own transportation to the university-assigned school site. TPA Fee: $275. Prerequisites: Current certificate of clearance; current TB (tuberculosis) text; completion; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 424 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 470 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


EDUC 482: Student Teaching: Elementary
12

Student teaching is a full semester, all day experience at a qualified school site under the supervision of a cooperating teacher and university supervisor. Teaching strategies and classroom management are practiced at grade levels and in subject matter that represent the student teacher's career choice. Student Teaching Fee $200. Prerequisites: Completion of all program courses; student teaching clearance; passing scores on the CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) examination; current TB (tuberculosis) test.


EDUC 483: Student Teaching: Secondary
12

Student teaching is a full semester, all day experience at a qualified school site under the supervision of a cooperating teacher and university supervisor. Teaching strategies and classroom management are practiced at grade levels and in subject matter that represent the student teacher's career choice. Student Teaching Fee $200. Prerequisites: Completion of all program courses; student teaching clearance; passing scores on the CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) examination; current TB (tuberculosis) test.


These course descriptions describe the credential courses currently taught by the School of Education that have been accredited by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing.

For a Multiple Subject Credential you will need these courses.
For a Single Subject Credential you will need these courses.
Included in your coursework is one full semester of Student Teaching.
In addition to this coursework, you will need passage of the California State required tests.

Questions? Send an email here or call at 949-214-3350.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this program and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your program. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

