nts, and responsibilities, along with the effects of pupil health and safety on learning. Students will learn skills for communicating, collaborating, and working with families, and supporting professionals and school personnel. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; EDUC 401 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


EDUC 422: Math and Science Methods: Elementary
2

Students will learn approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and assessing instruction in science and mathematics as they draw upon social, cultural, and historical foundations and learning theories as they plan instruction in this course. Corequisite: EDUC 423. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 423: Integrated Curriculum Methods: Elementary
2

Students will learn approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and assessing instruction in history, arts, and physical education as they draw upon social, cultural, and historical foundations, and learning theories in this course. Corequisite: EDUC 422. Prerequisites: Admission to the teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 424: Secondary Curriculum and Methods
4

Students preparing to teach in secondary classrooms will gain an understanding of the secondary school curriculum through the examination of recent research, use the California Frameworks, and K-12 Content Standards to explore their subject areas and evaluate curriculum materials in this course. Emphasis will be given to preparing lesson plans that meet the diverse needs of pupils. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 451: Language and Culture
3

This course will address the impact of cultural, socio-economic status, religion, and gender on the education of elementary and secondary pupils as students examine theories of first and second language acquisition along with effective strategies for teaching English learners. Students will apply these strategies to course activities and assignments. Corequisite: EDUC 401. Prerequisite: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program.


EDUC 460: Literacy Instruction in Diverse Classrooms
4

This course will focus on preparing students to teach reading and language arts in diverse classrooms, following the guidelines set forth by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CCTC), the California Common Core State Standards, and the Reading Instruction Competence Assessment (RICA) Content Specifications. Corequisite: EDUC 480. Prerequisites: Admission to the teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 422 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 423 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 470: Content Area Literacy Instruction
4

Using the guidelines sent forth by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CCTC) and the California and Common Core State Standards as the basis of this course, students will examine the theory and practice of reading instruction as applied to the content areas of middle and secondary schools with an emphasis on the development of reading techniques ranging from assessment of individual skills, selection of appropriate materials, and strategies for instruction in subject areas for diverse classrooms. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 480: Teacher Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum: Field Experience
1

Teaching Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum is a seminar course with 40 hours of field experience. Through field work, reflective practice and weekly seminars, candidates develop an understanding of the California TPA. Candidates will develop a deeper understanding of the "Plan, Teach & Assess, Reflect, Apply" teaching cycle and how to meet the needs of diverse learners. The field experience hours provide an opportunity to develop teaching skills in a classroom setting. This course is comprised of several components: weekly seminars, field experience, and self-evaluation of the California Teaching Performance Expectations. Students must arrange their own transportation to the university assigned school site. Minimum grade of B- required. TPA Program and Field Experience Fee: $275. Corequisite: EDUC 460. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; current certificate of clearance; CSET (California Subject Examinat