, Dr. Jaeger began her teaching career in an urban setting, serving at First Lutheran,
Long Beach as a second grade teacher, athletic director and coach. Dr. Jaeger was called to
Bethany Lutheran, Long Beach in 1989, where she taught third grade, researched assessment
and mentored new teachers. In 2000, Dr. Jaeger accepted a new call to St. John’s Lutheran,
Orange and taught fourth grade for sixteen years. There she served as department chair for
the intermediate grade levels, where her responsibilities included curriculum mapping,
assessment of student learning and continuous curriculum reviews. Dr. Jaeger continues to
train preservice teachers, provide professional development and implement strategies for the
CalTPA teacher candidates.


Education
M.A., Curriculum and Instruction, Concordia University, Irvine, CA
B.A., Education, Concordia College, River Forest, IL
Areas of Expertise:
Curriculum and Instruction
Planning and Assessment
Instructional Strategies
Curriculum Mapping
Classroom Management
Morgan, Sara
949-214-3537
sara.morgan@cui.edu
Director of Special Education Credential Programs
Biography

Dr. Sara Morgan is a graduate of Chapman University, where she earned a B.A. in Communications. After graduation, she continued on to receive two teaching credentials (Multiple Subject and Education Specialist) and a Master's Degree in Special Education. She taught, as a resource teacher, for Lutheran Special Education Ministries, a special day class teacher for the Westminster School District, and served as a Teacher on Special Assignment (TOSA) and Program Specialist for the Garden Grove Unified School District. Sara has her Ph.D. in education with an emphasis in Disability Studies. Her research interests include Universal Design for Learning, Social Emotional Learning, and Inclusive Teaching Practices.

Education
B.A.: 1999, Chapman University, Communications: Speech Communications
MAED.: 2003, Chapman University, Special Education
Ph.D.: 2023, Chapman University, Disability Studies
Teaching
Introduction to teaching Diverse Populations
Typical and Atypical Development of Diverse Populations
Advanced Curriculum Methods for Teaching Special Populations
Linguistics for Educators
Rodrigues, Charlie
949-214-3087
charlie.rodrigues@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Education
Biography

Dr. Charlie Rodrigues currently teaches and serves as a subject matter expert in the Teacher Credential Program. Dr. Rodrigues also serves as the Director of SOE Data Management and Logistics. In this role he guides our new adjunct instructors through the onboarding process. His doctoral research studied the effectiveness of onboarding for university faculty. 
Prior to his full-time faculty appointment, Dr. Rodrigues served as Assistant Registrar for Graduate Programs at Concordia University Irvine. He has over 20 years of experience teaching in Lutheran elementary classrooms and higher education administration. 
Dr. Rodrigues received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Liberal Studies, Master of Arts in Education and Doctorate of Education from Concordia University Irvine. He and his wife are raising two active boys. In their free time, they enjoy spending time with extended family, traveling and reading.  

Schulteis, Michael
949-214-3351
michael.schulteis@cui.edu
Professor of Science Education; Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Credential Programs; Director of MEd
Biography

Dr. Michael Schulteis has been a full-time faculty member in the School of Education since 2003 specializing in science and math education, teaching instructional methods, classroom management and research methods courses, and supervising graduate research projects. His educational research has focused on evolution education in parochial schools.

Dr. Schulteis is currently a mentor for the American Meteorological Society Datastreme program. He also conducts seminars and makes presentations to educators across the United States and from Korea, Japan, China, South Africa, and Australia on such topics as instructional methods and evolution education. Prior to arriving at Concordia University, Dr. Schulteis taught multiple subjects at the junior high and senior high school levels.

Education
Sc.Ed.D., Curtin University of Technology, Perth, Western Australia
M.A.Ed., Curriculum and Instruction, Concordia University, Irvine
B.A., Biology: Pre-Med, Concordia University, Irvine
Areas of Expertise
Curriculum
Instructional Strategies
Common Core Standards
School Climate
Assessment of Programs and Student Learning
Quantitative Methods
Statistics
Qualitative Methods
Stanton, Rebecca
949-214-3345
rebecca.stanton@cui.edu
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Programs
Senior Director of Teacher Credential Programs
Biography

Dr. Stanton teaches EDU 101, the first class all Liberal Studies majors will take; serves as an advisor to Liberal Studies majors; and interviews students for admission into the SOE Credential program.

Dr. Rebecca Stanton has been teaching i