tralia on such topics as instructional methods and evolution education. Prior to arriving at Concordia University, Dr. Schulteis taught multiple subjects at the junior high and senior high school levels.

Education
Sc.Ed.D., Curtin University of Technology, Perth, Western Australia
M.A.Ed., Curriculum and Instruction, Concordia University, Irvine
B.A., Biology: Pre-Med, Concordia University, Irvine
Areas of Expertise
Curriculum
Instructional Strategies
Common Core Standards
School Climate
Assessment of Programs and Student Learning
Quantitative Methods
Statistics
Qualitative Methods
Stanton, Rebecca
949-214-3345
rebecca.stanton@cui.edu
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Programs
Senior Director of Teacher Credential Programs
Biography

Dr. Stanton teaches EDU 101, the first class all Liberal Studies majors will take; serves as an advisor to Liberal Studies majors; and interviews students for admission into the SOE Credential program.

Dr. Rebecca Stanton has been teaching in the School of Education at Concordia University Irvine since 2005, specializing in secondary teaching methods, classroom management, and differentiated instruction. Beyond her teaching duties, she supervises student teachers and guides students as they write their EdD dissertations. As a university supervisor of student teachers and as a parent volunteer, she has spent innumerable hours in K-12 classrooms. Her sons' special needs have inspired her interest in how the brain learns and how to set up positive, inclusive learning environments. She presents on various teaching strategies at local, regional, and national conferences.

Prior to coming to Concordia University, Dr. Stanton taught German at the university and junior college levels. She also taught German and beginning drama for 9 years at the high school level, and math and science for one year at the junior high school level. She enjoyed taking students on educational trips to Europe and New York City.

Education
EdD, Instructional Leadership, Argosy University, Orange County
MA, German Literature, University of California, Irvine
Teaching Credential, Single Subject (German, Literature), Concordia University Irvine
BA, German major, Russian minor, University of Arizona
Areas of Expertise
Teaching methods, including Differentiated Instruction and foreign language methods
Mentoring new teachers
Classroom Management
Creative learning spaces and activities
Stuewe, Yvette
949-214-3344
yvette.stuewe@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Education
Biography

Assistant Professor Yvette Stuewe teaches courses in the MA and Teacher Credential programs. Professor Stuewe has served in Lutheran education for 28 years. Her educational experience spans across St. John’s Lutheran School, Orange Lutheran High School, and Concordia University Irvine. In addition to 27 years of classroom experience, Professor Stuewe served in various leadership roles including Curriculum Leadership Chair, Induction mentor, Induction Assistant Lead Mentor for the Orange County Department of Education Private School Cohort, Conference Presenter, President of the Lutheran Educators Conference Committee, Director of Curriculum, WASC Visiting Team Member, and Associate Director of Orange Lutheran Online. In February of 2023, she presented at the national Digital Learning Annual Conference (DLAC) in Austin, Texas.

Professor Stuewe was part of a team that piloted a one-to-one middle school laptop program, and she taught in a one-to-one setting for fourteen years, gaining experience with many different learning platforms and digital tools. She is a National Board Certified Teacher. She truly sees teaching as an art and values reflective teaching practices. Not only does she find passion in crafting effective lessons and building relationships with students, she also finds great value in collaborating with other educators. Professor Stuewe is currently working towards a doctorate in Instructional Technology and Distance Education from Nova Southeastern University.

Education
EdD Candidate: Instructional Technology and Distance Education, Nova Southeastern University
M.A. Curriculum and Instruction,Concordia University Irvine
Multiple Subject Teaching Credential, Concordia University Irvine
B.S. Bachelor of Science, History, University of California, Santa Barbara
Areas of Expertise
Instructional Design
Planning and Assessment
Instructional Technology
Online and Distance Learning
Reflective Teaching Practices
Staff
Franke, Jackie
949-214-3337
jackie.franke@cui.edu
Field Experience/TPA Coordinator

Mrs. Franke places students in local schools for their two required field experiences, typically in their junior year (20 hours) and at the end of their academic program (40 hours). Teacher Performance Assessments happen in conjunction with the field experiences.

Jackie Franke has been in the field of education for 31 years since she moved from Olathe, Kansas to Mission Viejo, CA with her husband and three children. She ear