ova Southeastern University.

Education
EdD Candidate: Instructional Technology and Distance Education, Nova Southeastern University
M.A. Curriculum and Instruction,Concordia University Irvine
Multiple Subject Teaching Credential, Concordia University Irvine
B.S. Bachelor of Science, History, University of California, Santa Barbara
Areas of Expertise
Instructional Design
Planning and Assessment
Instructional Technology
Online and Distance Learning
Reflective Teaching Practices
Staff
Franke, Jackie
949-214-3337
jackie.franke@cui.edu
Field Experience/TPA Coordinator

Mrs. Franke places students in local schools for their two required field experiences, typically in their junior year (20 hours) and at the end of their academic program (40 hours). Teacher Performance Assessments happen in conjunction with the field experiences.

Jackie Franke has been in the field of education for 31 years since she moved from Olathe, Kansas to Mission Viejo, CA with her husband and three children. She earned her Bachelor of Science in Speech Pathology and Audiology from Kansas State University in Manhattan, Kansas. In 2007 she attended Concordia University Irvine to complete her Multiple Subject Credential and Masters of Education.

Mrs. Franke has been with Concordia’s Teacher Credential Program in the School of Education for 12 years and wears a couple of different hats.  As TPA Coordinator, Mrs. Franke oversees all aspects of the California Teacher Performance Assessment, a state requirement for all teacher candidates to earn their preliminary credential. She is also the Field Experience Coordinator and places all teacher candidates in their two early field experiences. One of the joys of this position is visiting principals and teachers. During these visits, Mrs. Franke receives positive feedback on how well Concordia University Irvine candidates are prepared, which in turn encourages partnerships with local schools and districts to mentor our teacher candidates.

Franko, Sara
949-214-3335
sara.franko@cui.edu
Academic Advisor/Credential Analyst
Biography

Sara Franko serves as the Graduate Advisor and Credential Analyst for the Teacher Credential Program for the School of Education. Sara’s career in education began in 2003 when she began teaching high school social science at a large, urban high school in Los Angeles. In 2007, her career moved her to Orange County where she continued teaching social science at the high school level, as well as served as department chair, subject matter specialist, PBIS lead teacher, and head cheer coach. Sara’s passion for continuing education grew as a professional leader on site and at the district level and especially as a mentor to those new to the profession. Being the first in her family to graduate from college, she understands the value of education and being a life-long learner.

Sara has made her home in Orange County where she lives with her two daughters. She enjoys spending time with her family and continuing to serve as an educator and as a mentor for all young people. She looks forward to sharing her journey with the community at Concordia University Irvine.

Education
M.A. in Teaching with a focus in Secondary Education (2004)
California Single Subject Clear Credential in Social Science (2003)
California Single Subject Clear Credential in Social Science (2003)
Meislahn, Nick
949-214-3350
nick.meislahn@cui.edu
Department Assistant
Biography

Nick is the Department Assistant in the School of Education, primarily working with the Teacher Credential Program. He is very excited to be a part of the Concordia University team. He has always had a heart for education and has even taken the introductory steps in pursuing a multiple subject teaching credential. Nick grew up in Orange County and enjoys spending time with his family and friends. He is passionate about education and is looking forward to assisting students as they continue their pursuit to transform lives and positively impact their local and global communities.

Mueller, Kathy
949-214-3336
kathy.mueller@cui.edu
Administrative Assistant to the Dean/Assistant Director of Events and Partnerships
Touchstone, Taylor
949-214-3266
taylor.touchstone@cui.edu
Graduate Admissions Counselor
Biography

Taylor has joined the School of Education and Admission department as an admissions counselor for the Masters of Coaching and Athletic Administration. She hails to Irvine from Bakersfield, California. When she was a senior in high school she toured Concordia University and fell in love with the atmosphere, environment and overall campus life. She was a four year Eagle athlete as a member of the Concordia tennis team from 2014 To 2018. She is family oriented and enjoys spending time with her parents, Tom and Tiffany, as well as her sister, Tessa. Taylor is a double alumni, in 2018 she received her bachelor’s degree in Exercise Sports Science and in 2019 she earned her Master of Science degree in Exercise Sports Science and Coaching. I 