https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/computer-science
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Computer Science Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Computer Science Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
COMPUTER SCIENCE MINOR
19 Units
CSC 104: Fundamentals of Programming
4

This course covers the basic principles of computer programming and algorithm design using the C# programming language. The class addresses basic language syntax, branching, looping, exceptions, I/O, string processing, best practices, and tools for writing quality computer programs. It also introduces the process of turning a program that was written in a high-level language into an intermediate language and how the operating system then loads and executes it. Students in the class will be able to write elementary programs that will run on the Microsoft .NET Framework and the open source equivalent, Mono.

CSC 210: Introduction to Operating Systems
3

This course examines the functional components of computer systems, including their hardware implementation and management at different levels, and their interaction, characteristics, and performance. The course will include process management, I/O devices, interrupt structures, resource and memory management, and file systems. Prerequisite: C- or better in CSC 104.


CSC 212: Data Structures
3

This course examines the basic concepts of data structures and related algorithms. Topics include arrays, structures, stacks, queues, linked lists, trees, graphs, and hash tables. Students will implement the data structures and their associated algorithms, and will also write complete programs that make use of these data structures. Other topics to be discussed will be recursion, searching, sorting, and design tradeoffs. Prerequisite: C- or better in CSC 104.


Choose three of the following courses:
CSC 314: Programming Languages
3

This course examines disciplined programming using a high-level language with specific emphasis on program design, style, efficiency and documentation. Topics include syntax and semantics, statement and subprogram control, data types and data control, design and implementation issues and source control. Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: C- or better in CSC 104.


CSC 316: Introduction to Networking
3

This course serves as an introduction to the structure and components of computer networks, functions and services. In addition, this course discusses current protocols, technologies, and performance issues. Topics include computer network application layers, data communication basics. network layer and routing, network security and other selected topics. Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: C- or better in CSC 104.


CSC 318: Object-Oriented Programming
3

This course examines student problem solving with object oriented programming techniques using Java. The topics include exception handling, generics, inheritance, design patterns, and data structures. Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: C- or better in CSC 212.


CSC 320: Server-Side Development
3

This course provides an overview of programming and database techniques used in server-side programming. Topics include handling web form data, SQL, database design, security considerations, stored procedures, n-tier architecture, transportation and data encoding techniques. Offered alternate years. Prerequisites: C- or better in CSC 316.


CSC 324: Computer Architecture and Assembly
3

This course examines the functional components of computer systems, including hardware implementation and management, major hardware components, peripherals of computers and the interrelation of the devices in performing functions. Students will learn concepts of microprocessors, data transfer and control methods, program sequencing, instruction sets and memory organization theories. Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: C- or better in CSC 104.


CSC 428: Information Security
3

This course examines the fundamentals of information and web security. Topics will include practices of computer system security, operating system security, network security, software security, web security and cryptography algorithms. Offered alternate years. Prerequisites: C- or better in CSC 210 and CSC 316.


CSC 430: Advanced Operating Systems
3

Computer operating systems; topics include time sharing, process communication, memory management, sto