https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/education/admission-and-requirements
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now

Undergraduate Education Program

Education Programs 
Prospective Students 
Current Students
Handbook
Contact Us
School of Education Admission & Requirements
UNDERGRADUATE EDUCATIONAL PROGRAMS
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Admission & Requirements

The teacher credential program at Concordia is approved by the State of California for training candidates to become credentialed teachers. The program admission process for undergraduates has two levels: Intent and Acceptance.

Intent Status

This can happen your first year at Concordia whether you are a freshman or a transfer student. Even if you are not sure you want to be a teacher or you don’t know if you are going to be an elementary, middle school, or high school teacher, intent status is important. This lets the School of Education know you are interested in becoming a teacher. We can put you on our mailing list. More importantly you will be assigned an education faculty advisor to help you with your decisions. This is what you need to do:

Enroll in Educ 101.
Submit the Application for Admission to the Undergraduate Teacher Education Program.
For Lutheran Teacher Candidates only: Submit the Christ College Application to office of the Dean of Christ College.
Acceptance:

In order to enroll in Educ 400 level credential courses, you must be fully admitted to the Teacher Education Program. This is accomplished by completing the following:

Successful completion of Educ 101 and Educ 204 with a minimum grade of B-.
A minimum cumulative GPA of 2.9 with no grade below a C- in your major.
Certificate of Clearance on file.
Two Reference Forms on file.
Successful interview with your education faculty advisor.
Approval of the School of Education faculty.
California Certificate of Clearance; negative TB test within 6 months of starting EDUC/EDSP 401
Basic Skills Requirement met

Students are encouraged to apply to the teacher education program early and to begin credential coursework during their undergraduate years. However, a student may apply to the Education Program up through the middle of the senior year. Students applying to the program intending to complete the credential coursework after graduation must follow the admission procedures outline for post-baccalaureate students.

Once you fulfill the admittance criteria you are eligible for Full Acceptance to the School of Education at which time you may enroll in Educ 400 level credential coursework. Being admitted to the Teacher Education Program does not guarantee completion of the program. While in the program you must maintain your 2.9 grade point average with no grades below a B-, achieve complete passage of CSET, receive positive field experience recommendations, and demonstrate character traits befitting the professional educator in a public, Lutheran, or private school.

Why get your credential at Concordia University Irvine?
Read what our graduates have to say.
Learn about your future professors in the School of Education Faculty profiles.
Questions? Send an email here or call at (949) 854-8002 ext. 1355.
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

