https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/education/about-us
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now

Undergraduate Education Program

Education Programs 
Prospective Students 
Current Students
Handbook
Contact Us
About the School of Education
UNDERGRADUATE EDUCATIONAL PROGRAMS
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
About Us

The School of Education has a rich tradition of training teachers. We have graduates teaching literally around the world as a part of our mission to go into the world and serve. Our graduates are recognized as outstanding in their field.

Training teachers was an original goal when the school first opened as Christ College, Irvine in 1976. Formal recognition of the School of Education as one of only three schools within Concordia University was not until 1995. Since our humble beginnings, we have had thousands of teachers in our undergraduate and graduate programs move into careers in education.

We currently serve over one thousand graduate and undergraduate students on campus, online, and in our regional cohorts in Temecula, Orange County, Los Angeles County and the Inland Empire.

Concordia University’s credential programs meet all requirements put forth by the state of California and are approved by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing. Additionally, Concordia University is accredited by the Accrediting Commission for Senior Colleges and Universities of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges, (WASC).

Why get your credential at Concordia University Irvine?
Read what our graduates have to say.
Learn about your future professors in the School of Education Faculty profiles.
Questions? Send an email here or call at (949) 854-8002 ext. 1355.
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

