https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/education/faq
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now

Undergraduate Education Program

Education Programs 
Prospective Students 
Current Students
Handbook
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
UNDERGRADUATE EDUCATIONAL PROGRAMS
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
‌
How long will it take for me to get my degree and credential?

Credential coursework can be done as part of your undergraduate degree meaning you can finish your bachelor’s degree and credential at the same time. Some universities call this a “blended” program. We think it is just good sense. It will take 4, 4.5, or 5 years depending on the pace you set for becoming a teacher. On average most students finish their degree and credential in 4.5 years.

‌
Do you have a “Blended” program?

In our program, you are able to finish your bachelor’s degree and credential at the same time. It will take 4, 4.5, or 5 years depending on the pace you set for becoming a teacher.

‌
Will I learn about the “real world” of teaching?

Yes. Every instructor in the School of Education has taught in either the elementary, junior high or senior high school levels and many have taught more than one grade. Faculty also contribute their experiences as principals, coaches, and counselors to the information you will learn in class. You will learn from professionals who understand the history of education and are striving to make you the best teacher you can be for the future.

‌
How long is student teaching?

Student teaching is generally 18 weeks which equates to one semester. You will be placed at a school within California and work with a mentor teacher at your school site as well as a University Supervisor from Concordia.

‌
What are my prospects for getting a job straight out of the credential program?

Graduates of the teacher education program are in schools across the United States and around the world. School districts and principals ask our graduates to teach at their schools because of the outstanding reputation of our teacher candidates. A credential from Concordia will open the door to a world of opportunity in education.

‌
Do you have placement for Lutheran School Teachers?

Yes. Our placement office will work with you and our Synodical body to place you in your first Call.

‌
Can a student obtain a Master's degree?

Yes. Concordia’s School of Education offers Masters' degrees in Education. You can enter the website pages here .

 

Why get your credential at Concordia University Irvine? Read what our graduates have to say.

Learn about your future professors in the School of Education Faculty profiles.

Questions? Send an email here or call at 949-214-3350.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

