https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/education/liberal-studies-transfers
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now

Undergraduate Education Program

Education Programs 
Prospective Students 
Current Students
Handbook
Contact Us
Liberal Studies Transfer Students
UNDERGRADUATE EDUCATIONAL PROGRAMS
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Welcome to your new university home!

We are glad that you have chosen Concordia as the place you will finish your degree and teaching credential.

Most of the information you need regarding admissions, coursework, and our program will be found under the Elementary Teachers' webpage. However, as transfer students into the Liberal Studies major, you most likely have questions about transferring units.

There are two separate unit transfer tasks. The first is transferring units to Concordia University Irvine for general credit, and the second is transferring units for your Liberal Studies major. The first task is done by the Registrar’s office. The second is done with your academic advisor in conjunction with the School of Education.

Concordia University Irvine Liberal Studies major is part of California's Elementary Subject Matter Preparation (ESM) program. Therefore, Concordia University Irvine students in this major who pursue the Multiple Subject credential will not be required to take the California Subject Examination Test (CSET).

When picking coursework to complete at another university or college for transferring into the Liberal Studies major, it is important that those classes hold to the academic rigor and content material equivalent to the courses at Concordia University Irvine. Once you are accepted to the University the transferring of credits process will happen and your plan for completion of your degree will be created.

If you are planning to take credits outside Concordia University Irvine before joining our program, check with academic counselors at your college to check for alignments with our program. The co-directors of undergraduate teacher education programs at Michael.schulteis@cui.edu or Rebecca.Stanton@cui.edu or call extension 1355.

Why get your credential at Concordia University Irvine?
Read what our graduates have to say.
Learn about your future professors in the School of Education Faculty profiles.
Questions? Send an email here or call at (949) 854-8002 ext. 1355.
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

