https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/education/student-teaching-and-placements
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now

Undergraduate Education Program

Education Programs 
Prospective Students 
Current Students
Handbook
Contact Us
Student Teaching and Placements
UNDERGRADUATE EDUCATIONAL PROGRAMS
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Teaching Courses

During your time at Concordia University Irvine we want you to get the best experiences for becoming an outstanding teacher. To do this we give you the opportunity to start working with students from K-12 starting in your first class EDUC 101, Introduction to Teaching. You will continue with placements through EDSP/EDUC 204, EDSP/EDUC 480 and culminate with your student teaching experience.

The Placement Office of the School of Education will contact districts and schools in Orange County for you for all placements after EDSP/EDUC 204 and EDUC/EDSP 480. We will try to handle requests as best as we can, but cannot guarantee placement in any particular school or district.

Student Teaching is the culminating experience of the credential program. This is a full-time experience in one or two classroom settings for an entire semester (approximately 16-18 weeks). Generally, Fall student teaching ends mid-January and Spring student teaching ends mid-June. Multiple subject candidates may gain experience in an upper and lower grade level setting. Education Specialist candidates will have two student teaching placements in different EDSP settings. Single subject candidates typically complete their assignment at one school site and experience two different levels or courses in their discipline.

Why get your credential at Concordia University Irvine? Read what our graduates have to say.

Learn about your future professors in the School of Education Faculty profiles.

Questions? Send an email here or call at 949-214-3350.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

