https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/cmc
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Cross-cultural Ministry Center
About CMC 
Program Information 
Testimonials
Financial Aid
Contact Us
Related Links 
Apply Now
CROSS-CULTURAL MINISTRY CENTER
Christ College
Jean-Enock Berus ’19, MA ’23
Cross-cultural Ministry Center
Cross-cultural Ministry Center

The Cross-cultural Ministry Center (CMC) is committed to forming faithful missionary pastors to initiate and develop culture-crossing ministries. What does this mean?

Steadfast faithfulness. Guided by the mission of Concordia University Irvine and in partnership with Concordia Seminary, St. Louis, the CMC is faithful to Scripture and the Lutheran Confessions without compromise. After four years of academic study with a concurrent vicarage, you will graduate with a Master of Arts in Theology from CUI and receive full certification for ordination as a pastor in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS).
Mission integration. As a CMC student, you will simultaneously serve as a vicar in a local congregation during all four years of your studies. During this time, you will progress from becoming familiar with your congregation and community to taking the lead in starting a new culture-crossing ministry. Hear how God is working through CMC students' lives.
Embedded learning. Through this concurrent vicarage, the CMC aims to embed missiological and theological education in your real-life situations. While classes are offered on our campus, they are also delivered in a real-time online format, allowing students from outside of Southern California to complete their education without leaving the church and community where they serve.
Intentional diversity. The rapidly changing demographics of the U.S. in the 21st-century call for a program like the CMC. You will experience ethnic, socio-economic, and generational diversity in our leadership, fellow students, and ministries. Our location in Southern California – a setting that is an increasingly multi-cultural and unchurched society – is an ideal location for a program focused on missional outreach.
Professional excellence. The CMC is a program of high academic quality and committed to excellence in both the classroom and in the field. You will benefit from both the academic resources and atmosphere that are inherent in our context of a larger university. Every one of our faculty members are published, and all of them have practical ministry experience – many in cross-cultural settings. Here you will find a community of scholar-teachers who are committed to your academic, spiritual, and professional development.
Financial support. As part of our commitment, Concordia University is proud to offer generous financial aid and scholarships to all students in the CMC. The Church Career Grant will cover one-third of your total tuition over the four-year course of the program. For students demonstrating further need, the All Nations Scholarship can match up to another third of tuition for a limited number of students each year. Most students also receive financial support from their home congregations and districts.
Request Information
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

Program of Interest 
CMC: LCMS Pastoral Certification
Master of Arts in Theology: Christian Education Leadership
Master of Arts in Theology: Christian Education Leadership w/LCMS DCE Cert
Master of Arts in Theology: Culture
Master of Arts in Theology: Pastoral Certification Program
Master of Arts in Theology: Research
Master of Arts in Theology: Servant Leadership
When do you want to start? 
- Select start term
ApplicantType
Domestic
International
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Featured News

Ministry at the Border

Crossing Cultures

Ramon Contreras: Faith on the Border

Hear How God is Working in Students' Lives

Muluneh Taye - Recipients of All Nations Endowment Scholarship

The Tamba Naibaho Story - from Concordia's CMC

Contact Us

For more information about the Cross-cultural Ministry Center at Concordia University Irvine, please fill out our inquiry form or contact the Director, Rev. Dr. Glenn Fluegge at glenn.fluegge@cui.edu, (949) 214-3405 or Christ College Program Coordinator, Carrie Donohoe, at carrie.donohoe@cui.edu, (949) 214-3389.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

