https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/teacher-credential/special-education-credential
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Teacher Credential Program
Teacher Credentials 
Program Information
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Events 
Contact
Apply Now
EDUCATION SPECIALIST: MILD-MODERATE SUPPORT NEEDS TEACHING CREDENTIAL PROGRAM
Teacher Credential Program
EXPLORE 
 
Education Specialist: Mild-Moderate Support Needs Teaching Credential

Our California Teacher Credential program can be described as Rich, Rigorous, and Rewarding. The rich learning environment offers deep and meaningful learning experiences. Our rigorous courses are designed to provide you with best practices and experience with the most current trends in education today. Our rewarding program prepares you to fulfill your calling.

Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

Program of Interest 
- Select a Program
Clear Induction Credential
Teacher Credential Multiple Subject
Teacher Credential Single Subject
Teacher Credential Special Education
Master of Education with Multiple Subject Credential
Master of Education with Single Subject Credential
Master of Education with Special Education Credential
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

California Preliminary Credential/Education Specialist: Mild-Moderate Support Needs

Concordia’s Special Education Program prepares candidates to teach students with special needs. This program leads to a California Education Specialist: Mild-Moderate Support Needs Preliminary Credential. This credential authorizes candidates to teach students with learning disabilities, mild-to-moderate intellectual disabilities, attention deficit and attention deficit hyperactivity disorders, autism, and emotional disturbances. Candidates entering this program with a baccalaureate degree may combine the credential courses with advanced work to complete a Masters of Education degree.

Required: 38 semester hours for Education Specialist: Mild-Moderate Support Needs Credential

Education Specialist Coursework

Undergraduate students will need to declare the Dual Credential option by the middle of Block I classes: October 15, March 15 or June 15.

Semester 1 (15 units)
EDUC 200 The Teacher and Technology 1 unit
EDSP 204 Introduction to Teaching Diverse Populations (20 hours field experience) - 2 units
EDSP 301 Typical and Atypical Development of Diverse Learners - 3 units
EDSP 501 Planning and Assessment for Inclusive Classrooms - 3 units
EDSP 502 Creating Positive and Inclusive Learning Environments - 3 units
EDSP 551 Language and Culture - 3 units
Semester 2 (11 units)

Successful completion of Block I courses is a prerequisite for the courses below.

EDSP 525 Advanced Curriculum Methods – 3 units
EDSP 526 Assessment, Case Management, & Collaboration – 3 units
EDSP 560 Literacy Development in Diverse Classrooms – 4 units
EDSP 580 TPA Practicum: Field Experience – 1 unit

40 hours of field experience are connected with Semester 2 EDSP Courses

Semester 3 (12 units): Student Teaching Semester
EDSP 584 Student Teaching II: Special Populations – 12 units
Student teaching for the education specialist is full-time for an entire semester. In all field experiences, including student teaching, candidates gain a variety of experiences in planning and delivering instruction and services in the broad range of service delivery options under the umbrella of the Education Specialist: Mild-Moderate credential. Candidates collaborate with parents and special education personnel and gain experience with the full range of disabilities set forth in the Mild-Moderate categories.

 

Dual Credential Program
Multiple Subject Credential + Education Specialist: Mild/Moderate Support Needs Credential

For those candidates interested in earning an Education Specialist Credential and a Multiple Subject or Single Subject Credential concurrently, Concordia offers a Dual Credential program. Candidates will complete one additional semester of coursework and fieldwork leading to two separate credentials: EDSP + Multiple Subject or EDSP + Single Subject. To work toward a dual credential, you will complete a carefully designed sequence of coursework for both programs, followed by one semester of student teaching. Half of your student teaching will be in a general education setting and half will be in a special education setting.

Contact Us

To learn more or to apply to Concordia's Education Specialist: Mild to Moderate Support Needs Teaching Credential Program, please contact our Admissions Counselor, Taylor Touchstone.

Taylor Touchstone
Graduate Admissions Counselor
949-214-3266
taylor.touchstone@cui.edu

Request More Information
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

