analysis of selected examples of Shakespeare's histories, comedies, and tragedies will be the focus of this course. Prerequisite: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271.

ENG 471: Literary Theory
3

As an advanced study of primary texts from the history of literary criticism and the major critical schools of the 20th century, this course will include formalism, deconstruction, psychoanalysis, feminism, new historicism, and post-colonialism. Readings will focus on essays and criticism from Plato to Plotinus to Foucault and Stanley Fish. Prerequisites: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271. Offered alternate years.


ENG 477: History and Development of the English Language
3

An overview of the history of English and an examination of the development of the language through its linguistic elements, this course will include traditional and contemporary grammar, phonetics, syntax, semantics, patterns of language change, dialects, orthography, etymology, representative oral and written communication, and other related issues. Prerequisites: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271.


OR

BSC 318: Linguistics
3

This course will study language as a fundamental component of human beings by examining the link between experience, culture, and language through the investigation of how language communicates, changes, and is used strategically to accomplish social ends.

WRT 333: Topics in Creative Writing
3

As a focused exploration of genre and subject matter in a workshop setting. Possible topics include nature writing, travel writing, and experimental writing. Course may be repeated for elective credit. Prerequisite: (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and (CENG 201 or CENG 301 or equivalent).


Choose 2 of the following courses:
ENG 383: Modern and Contemporary Poetry
3

This course will survey 20th and 21st century poetry, poets, and literary movements. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202. Offered alternate years.


ENG 385: Modern and Contemporary Novel
3

This advanced survey course that will look at the development of literary modernism as represented in major European and American novels including such novelists as Proust, Joyce, Woolf, Faulkner, and Ellison. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202. Offered alternate years.


ENG 387: Modern and Contemporary Drama
3

In this course students will read, critically analyze, discuss, and evaluate selected plays from 1890 through the 21st century, including such dramatists as Ibsen, O'Neill, Pirandello, Lorca, Miller, Williams, and Albee. Attending a performance may be required. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202. Offered alternate years.

ENG 389: Film as Literature
3

An intensive study of films and screenplays as literature, this course will emphasize the elements unique to the genre within the context of the modern literary world. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get in Touch

For more information about the English major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

John J. Norton
Professor of English and Lead Faculty Around-the-World Semester®
john.norton@cui.edu
(949) 214-3317

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

