https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/english/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
English Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
ENGLISH MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Norton, John J.
(949) 214-3317
john.norton@cui.edu
Professor of English
Lead Faculty Around-the-World Semester
Biography

Dr. Norton teaches courses in Shakespearean drama, 18th-century British literature, and American literature. He also teaches in the English core curriculum. Although primarily a Shakespearean, Norton’s academic interests are wide, and he enjoys uncovering and analyzing the life in Shakespeare and other literature in his classes and in his writing. Norton’s articles have appeared in Shakespeare, Early Modern Literary Studies, and Continuum Renaissance Drama. His most recent book (2018), Killing Physicians: Shakespeare's Blind Heroes and Reformation Saints (New Reformation Press), explores the influence of Reformation theology on Shakespeare's tragedies and late plays.

Norton is one of the leaders and developers of the Around-the-World Semester. He and his family- wife Erica, sons Jack and Sheffield, and daughter Naomi- launched and helped lead ATW teams in 2010, 2012, and 2014. Through his work with the ATW semester, Norton has helped to design the Global Cultural Studies Minor and the International Studies Major.

Some of Dr. Norton’s fondest memories at Concordia are from his years as head coach of the men's and women's tennis teams, 2005-2010.

Education
Ph.D. - English, Sheffield Hallam University
M.A. - California State University, Fullerton
B.A. - Point Loma Nazarene University
Teaching
Shakespeare
American Literature
Seminar in English
Core English
Writing and Research
Literary Theory
Modern and Contemporary Drama
Modern and Contemporary Novel
Creative Nonfiction

Read Dr. Norton's Blog

Raghinaru, Camelia
(949) 214-3546
camelia.raghinaru@cui.edu
Professor of English, Department Chair
Biography

Camelia Raghinaru holds a PhD in English from the University of Florida (2012). Her research interests focus on utopian studies, modernism, and popular culture. Her articles on Conrad, Lawrence, Joyce, Woolf, and Bréton have been published in various academic journals (Studies in the Novel, [sic], Forum, etc.) and edited collections (Great War Modernism and Critical Approaches to Joseph Conrad). Currently she works on two essays dealing with the shift from Victorianism to modernism in Joseph Conrad and popular modernisms.

Education
Ph.D., English, University of Florida (2012)
M.A., English, University of Central Arkansas (2005)
MSE, English Education, Harding University (2002)
B.A., English Language and Literature/Romanian Language and Literature, University of Transylvania, Romania (1999)
Courses Taught
ENG 385: Modern Novel
LIT 271: Literary Criticism
WRT 333: Contemporary Short Story
CENG 201: World Literature from Antiquity
CENG 202: World Literature from the Renaissance
WRT 102: Writing and Research
ENG 451: Senior Seminar
ENG 471: Literary Theory
ENG 380: Women's Literature
Curriculum Vitæ
Santin, Bryan
(949) 214-3315
bryan.santin@cui.edu
Associate Professor of English
Biography

Dr. Santin teaches courses in American literature, world literature, and composition and rhetoric. His research interests focus primarily on twentieth and twenty-first century American literature and politics. His scholarly writing has been published or is forthcoming in the academic journals American Quarterly and Religion & Literature, and the edited book collection William T. Vollmann: A Critical Companion (University of Delaware Press, 2014).

Education
Ph.D., English, University of Notre Dame
M.A., English, Miami University (OH)
B.A., Political Science & English (double major), Ohio Dominican University
Courses Taught
ENG 341: American Literature I: Origins to 1865
ENG 342: American Literature II: 1865 to 1945
ENG 441: Major American Authors
WRT 102: Writing and Research
CENG 201: World Literature from Antiquity to the Renaissance
CENG 202: World Literature from the Enlightenment to the Present
Schmidt, Kristen A.
(949) 214-3313
kristen.schmidt@cui.edu
Professor of English
Biography

Professor Schmidt has over 20 years experience teaching college writing, Romantic and Victorian Literature, and Modern Drama. In addition to teaching, Professor Schmidt serves as lead faculty for Freshman Writing and advisor for the literary magazine, The Aerie. She is also the Director for Concordia's Writing Studio. Professional memberships include the National Council of Teachers of English, the Conference on College Composition and Communication, and The Association of Writers and Writing Programs.

Degrees Earned
M.F.A. Creative Writing. Chapman University, Orange, CA (2007)
M.A. English Literature. University of California, Irvine 