https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/kinesiology/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Kinesiology Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Get Started
KINESIOLOGY MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Full-Time Faculty
Lee, EunJeong
949-214-3273
eunjeong.lee@cui.edu
Faculty
Biography

Dr. Lee has taught Biomechanics, Exercise Physiology, and Kinesiology courses at Concordia University Irvine since Fall 2020. Prior to Concordia, Dr. Lee was a research scientist in the Sarver Heart Center at the University of Arizona and a senior researcher at the Korea Institute of Machinery & Materials (KIMM) in South Korea. She has a Bachelor of Science in Physics from Ewha Womans University, a Master of Education in Physical Education from Seoul National University in South Korea, and a Ph.D. in Kinesiology (Concentration in Biomechanics) from University of Calgary, Canada. Dr. Lee has published 18 original research articles in peer-reviewed journals and over 20 refereed publications in conference proceedings in Biomechanics and Physiology. She has numerous experiences in biomechanical testing of skeletal and cardiac muscles from cellular to whole body levels. Dr. Lee’s current research interest is the mechanism of the preservation of eccentric strength in older adults or aged muscle.

Dr. Lee resides in Cypress with her husband Joo and daughter Minah. They are members of the Thanksgiving Church in Buena Park and enjoy being outdoors and going to the Sea World, San Diego.

Meier, Nathan
949-214-3322
nathan.meier@cui.edu
Faculty
Biography

Dr. Nathan Meier moved to Irvine from Ames, IA, where he completed his B.S. '06 (Business: Management of Information Systems; German), M.S. '13 (Kinesiology: Exercise Psychology) and Ph.D. '18 (Kinesiology: Physical Activity Epidemiology). Dr. Meier was the project manager or recruitment coordinator for a number of research studies in the Physical Activity Epidemiology Lab (Dept. of Kinesiology, ISU) under Dr. Duck-chul Lee, his advisor. Each semester the lab utilized around 25-50 undergraduate research assistants, several masters students, and a postdoctoral fellow.

Dr. Meier has published a number of research articles relating to the physiological responses to stress relief methods in university students, validity of consumer-based physical activity monitors, the relationship of physical activity and fitness on the development of glaucoma, validation of multiple methods of body composition measurement for screening age-related loss of muscle mass, strength and function (Sarcopenia), and the relationship between physical activity, fitness, strength and muscle mass with sarcopenia.

Dr. Meier and his wife Sarah enjoy being outdoors hiking, running, and biking and promote lifestyle as medicine through healthy choices around diet and exercise. Dr. Meier is also accomplished in Judo, earning his 4th degree black belt in 2017, and leads the CU Judo Club. While he was in Iowa, Dr. Meier was an active leader of the Iowa State University Cyclone Martial Arts clubs, serving as Judo Club President, Assistant Instructor, and National's Team Coach. In addition to his athletic pursuits, Dr. Meier has been active in church ministry serving as a youth group teacher and director for 9 years at the Ames Korean United Methodist church and playing acoustic guitar on the worship team at Christ Community Church.

Olson, Terry
949-214-3270
terry.olson@cui.edu
Dean, School of Arts and Sciences
Biography

Dr. Terry Olson enters his eight year as full-time faculty at Concordia University Irvine after previously serving as a Clinical Assistant Professor at the University of Texas-Arlington. He began his educational career as an elementary physical education teacher in both Las Cruces, NM and Mansfield, TX. He currently serves as the Dean of the School of Health and Human Sciences following appointments as Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences and Chair of the department of Exercise and Sports Science. Dr. Olson’s educational background includes a Bachelor of Science degree from New Mexico State University and a Master of Science and Ph.D. from the University of New Mexico where he assumed roles as both research and teaching assistant in the Physical Education Teacher Education (PETE) Program. Dr. Olson’s current research emphasis is on self-regulation and critical thinking of pre-service teachers in physical education and he continues to serve in the classroom where he teaches Motor Development.  

Dr. Olson continues to work closely with the community as an advocate for health and wellness. He currently provides health and leadership education for numerous local non-profit organizations on their wellness initiatives and is a founder of the BREATH Foundation offering health and wellness support to the un