 as the Dean of the School of Health and Human Sciences following appointments as Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences and Chair of the department of Exercise and Sports Science. Dr. Olson’s educational background includes a Bachelor of Science degree from New Mexico State University and a Master of Science and Ph.D. from the University of New Mexico where he assumed roles as both research and teaching assistant in the Physical Education Teacher Education (PETE) Program. Dr. Olson’s current research emphasis is on self-regulation and critical thinking of pre-service teachers in physical education and he continues to serve in the classroom where he teaches Motor Development.  

Dr. Olson continues to work closely with the community as an advocate for health and wellness. He currently provides health and leadership education for numerous local non-profit organizations on their wellness initiatives and is a founder of the BREATH Foundation offering health and wellness support to the underserved population in Orange County as well as our military members at Camp Pendleton.

Prior to Dr. Olson’s academic career, he served in the U.S. Navy as an aircraft structural mechanic on FA 18 Hornets aboard the USS Independence aircraft carrier stationed in Atsugi, Japan.

Dr. Olson resides in Aliso Viejo with his wife Michele and two children, Tyler and Macey. They are members of the Light of Christ Lutheran Church in Irvine. 

Degrees Earned
University of New Mexico, Ph.D in Physical Education, Sports and Exercise Science 2009
University of New Mexico, M.S. in Physical Education Pedagogy 2005
New Mexico State University, B.S. in Physical Education 2000
Tammen, Vance
949-214-3271
vance.tammen@cui.edu
Chair, Kinesiology Department
Biography

Dr. Vance Tammen has served in multiple campus instructional and administrative roles since coming to Concordia in 2001. He is currently the Chair of the Kinesiology department in the School of Health and Human Sciences. His educational background includes a Bachelor of Science and Ph.D. from University of Illinois and Master of Science from Kansas State University. Dr. Tammen teaches motor learning, sport psychology and historical and socio-cultural foundations of sport and physical education. His research specialty is the social psychology of sport and physical activity. His main areas of research include 1) motivation of coaches and athletes and 2) wellness across the life span. He has written 3 book chapters, 6 refereed journal publications, over 30 refereed publications in conference proceeding, over 30 original service publications, has conducted over 65 refereed scholarly presentations, conducted over 40 sport psychology service presentations, and has done thousands of hours of sport psychology service to athletes, coaches, & organizations. 

Prior to God’s call to Concordia University, Dr. Tammen was an Assistant Professor at Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana, and prior to that he was Lecture of Sport Psychology at Victoria University in Melbourne, Australia. He also taught at the University of Illinois-Urbana and at Kansas State University. He did his sport psychology internship at the United States Olympic Training Center at Colorado Springs. Dr. Tammen was influential in the curriculum development of the Concordia University Master’s in Coaching and Athletic Administration program.

Dr. Tammen played football into his early 30s, but he now enjoys all forms of sport and physical activity.  

Dr. Tammen resides in San Clemente with his wife Renee, kids Casey and Shelby. He enjoys fine wine, fine food, cooking, travel, and he is an ardent fan of the Fighting Illini and Chicago Cubs. 

Degrees Earned
Ph.D. University of Illinois, Urbana, IL
M.S. Kansas State University, Manhattan, KS
B.S. University of Illinois, Urbana, IL
Ryan, Michael
949-214-3479
michael.ryan@cui.edu
Faculty
Biography

Professor Michael Ryan brings a unique blend of performance and rehabilitation expertise to Concordia University Irvine's kinesiology program. His professional journey is marked by a variety of roles, including serving as a strength and conditioning coach at high school, collegiate, and professional sport levels. Additionally, his role as an exercise physiologist in wellness settings has honed his acumen in conducting thorough assessments and developing tailored lifestyle interventions for diverse populations. This background, coupled with his work in geriatric rehabilitation and health behavior change, underscores his ability to provide holistic care to individuals across the lifespan.

Beyond his practical experience, Professor Ryan is both a Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (CSCS) and an Athletic Training Certified (ATC) healthcare professional. His academic journey includes a Bachelor of Science in Exercise Physiology from California State University, Chico, and a Master of Science in Athletic Training from Concordia University Irvine. Currently, as a Ph.D. candidate