 University Irvine's kinesiology program. His professional journey is marked by a variety of roles, including serving as a strength and conditioning coach at high school, collegiate, and professional sport levels. Additionally, his role as an exercise physiologist in wellness settings has honed his acumen in conducting thorough assessments and developing tailored lifestyle interventions for diverse populations. This background, coupled with his work in geriatric rehabilitation and health behavior change, underscores his ability to provide holistic care to individuals across the lifespan.

Beyond his practical experience, Professor Ryan is both a Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (CSCS) and an Athletic Training Certified (ATC) healthcare professional. His academic journey includes a Bachelor of Science in Exercise Physiology from California State University, Chico, and a Master of Science in Athletic Training from Concordia University Irvine. Currently, as a Ph.D. candidate at New Mexico State University, he is conducting research on sport pedagogy and the incidence of injuries in student-athletes.

His research contributions encompass a wide range, including authoring a book chapter on athlete-centered pedagogy in strength and conditioning coaching, publishing a study on a nutrition intervention aimed at improving body composition in high school athletes, and contributing to research in physical education teacher education.

In the classroom, Professor Ryan embraces a student-centered teaching philosophy, emphasizing experiential learning to equip students for real-world challenges across the diverse fields of kinesiology.

Residing in Laguna Niguel with his wife, Rosemary, Professor Ryan enjoys surfing, grappling sports, and playing music in his leisure time.

Adjunct Faculty
Johnson, Ellie
949-214-3240
ellen.johnson@cui.edu
Adjunct Faculty
Biography

Ellie Johnson has a positive association with Concordia University Irvine. It has been a part of Ellie Johnson’s lifelong growth and learning. She received her Bachelor of Science degree in Exercise Science with an emphasis on exercise science and coaching and a minor in global studies. During her undergraduate studies, Ellie was a standout on the women’s tennis team and she studied with the Around the World program. She continued her higher education at Concordia and earned her Master’s Degree in coaching while serving as the assistant coach for the women’s tennis team. Soon after she completed her Master’s Degree, Ellie was hired as head coach for women’s tennis at Westmont College. For five years she coached the Warriors and lead them to a conference championship. During her tenure at Westmont, she was voted coach of the year three times. She also developed and taught inclusive PE classes and facilitated the campus weight room.

Ellie has been an adjunct professor at Concordia for three years. She brings experience, knowledge and enthusiasm to each class she teaches. She has a sincere desire to help students realize their academic and professional goals.

Newman, Steven
 
steven.newman@cui.edu
Adjunct Faculty
Biography

Professor Newman has been teaching in the Kinesiology Dept. for Concordia University of Irvine since Spring of 2017. He is an adjunct Professor who brings a practical knowledge of training to the classroom. He serves as a full time Strength and Conditioning coach at a private sports training facility called Pro Sport. Prior to his time their he has spent 15+ training at private sports training centers as well as over 5 years as a Collegiate Strength Coach at both ASU and Long Beach State University. He brings a wealth of knowledge on how to incorporate science into training.

Talk to a Professor

Connect with a Concordia professor in real-time. Get answers to your questions and learn more about our curriculum.

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

IRVINE SPECTRUM® and SPECTRUM™ are trademarks of Irvine Management Company used with permission.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketi