nding a performance may be required. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202. Offered alternate years.

ENG 466: Shakespeare
3

Critical reading and analysis of selected examples of Shakespeare's histories, comedies, and tragedies will be the focus of this course. Prerequisite: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271.

THR 490: Internship: Theatre
3

This is an intense, practical experience in a theatre setting that contributes significantly to the student’s preparation for entrance into a theatrical profession. Specific tasks will be determined in agreement with the host of the internship. Approximately forty (40) contact hours are required for each unit of credit.

THR 498: Theatre Showcase
3

This advanced, thesis-style course will require intensive, hands-on activity at an advanced level under the supervision of a faculty member. Prerequisites: theatre major, senior status, and application approval by the theatre faculty (also see Theatre Showcase Guidelines available in the Theatre Office).


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Where our Alumni Are Working

Our theatre graduates are working in the industry. Here are some additional highlights.

Disneyland
Universal Studios
Disney World
Utah Shakespeare Festival
Pfinix Creative Studios
GoButton Productions
Disney HD Channel
Segerstrom Center for the Performing Arts
The Ned Show
Theatricum Botanicum
Two Rivers Theatre
North Coast Repertory Theatre
New Village Arts
San Diego Fringe Festival
Hollywood Fringe Festival
Chance Theater
South Coast Repertory Theater
The Imagination Machine
Phoenix Theatre
Pagosa Springs Center for the Arts
Downey Civic Theatre
Netflix
CollegeHumor
Los Angeles Opera
Long Beach Opera
Opera Pacific
Culture Project (NY)
KCRA/KQCA TV
Briggs Opera House
Missoula Children’s Theatre
Theophany Films
Opportunities for Theatre Majors

The Theatre department wants to provide a myriad of opportunities for our students to gain experience in the performing arts. Our University, Theatre Department, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice the performing arts outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Theatre major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, or double major. Expand your worldview by studying abroad, or transition to graduate school.

Musical Theatre Minor
Theatre Minor
Theatre Design and Technical Production Minor
Around the World in a Semester
Theatre Concentration (Liberal Studies)
Graduate Schools Attended
Cal State San Bernardino
Cal State Fullerton - Department of Cinema & Television Arts
Dodge College of Film and Media Arts at Chapman University
National University of Ireland Galway
Northern Illinois University School of Theatre & Dance
NYU - Tisch School of the Arts
NYU - Steinhardt School for Education in the Arts
Regent University
Sarah Lawrence College MFA Theatre Program
Southern Utah University - Utah Shakespeare Festival
University of North Carolina School of the Arts
University of North Carolina School of the Arts (Film Production)
Extracurricular Activities

Theatre offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions with performing arts students from other universities.

Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival
Improv-ceivable
Stage Door 141
ACTS (Acclaiming Christ in Theatre and Service)
Internships

Theatre majors can apply to do a senior project. Concordia enjoys good working relationships with a large number of organizations in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

The Chance Theatre
Actors Theatre of Louisville
La Jolla Playhouse
Disney Corporation
Utah Shakespeare Festival
Scholarships

Scholarships for majors AND non-majors participating in theatre range from $1000 up to half of the price of tuition.

LEARN MORE
Past Productions
The Foolish Proposal
VIDEO
The Fantasticks
VIDEO
A Year with Frog and Toad
VIDEO
Meet your Professors

Professors in the Theatre Department are active participants in mentoring students and nurturing individual artistic growth. Our curriculum is developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with hands-on experience.

Lori Siekman
Theatre Chair

Professor Siekmann is the 2015 recipient of the Kennedy Center/American College Theatre Festival's Gold Medallion of Excellence - the highest award the Kennedy Center gives to educators. Three of her productions have been invited to appear at the regional festival of KC/ACTF.

Tony Vezner
Theatre Professor

A recipient of the KC/ACTF Award for Excellence in Education, Professor Vezner colla