 could use encouragement. Speeches should be edifying, and not objectionable.

Academic Expectations

Pursuit of academic excellence must be the number one priority of each team member. Everyone should be at Concordia University to receive an education and the completion of a degree. Intercollegiate forensics is a co-curricular, educational activity of Concordia University and is designed to complement curricular activities by enhancing students' skills in research, writing, speaking, and reasoning. Forensics is part of that education, but it can never supplant that education.

G.P.A. Requirement: A minimum 2.50 cumulative GPA is required for participation in forensics. Any student falling below this minimum GPA will be placed on probation for one semester. Probation will be removed by raising the overall GPA to a 2.50 or higher or by attaining at least a 3.00 GPA for the probation semester.
Missed Classes: Forensics is an official university activity. Attending certain tournaments may require missing scheduled class meetings or assignments. Most professors are agreeable to making special arrangements with advance notice since this is an official school approved academic activity. However, it is up to individual students to make arrangements necessary to complete assignments prior to the tournament.
Competitive Expectations
Competitor Requirements:

Each person will indicate which kind of competitor he/she wishes to be. To attend a tournament and maintain her/his scholarship, each person must meet the requirements of each type of competitor.

Individual Events Only Competitors: To be eligible to compete, each competitor must have at least two prepared events (excluding limited preparation events) for local and regional tournaments, and three events for travel/national tournaments (may include limited preparation events). EACH event must be approved by a member of the coaching staff. Scholarship students are especially required to remain current to keep their scholarship.
Debater Only Competitors: In order to be eligible to compete in a given tournament, each debater must have been attending the weekly meetings, performed adequately in practice debates, kept current with research assignments, and have completed their own individual filing assignments. A student choosing to only participate in debate events who receives a scholarship is required to remain current to keep her/his scholarship.
Debate/IE Combination Competitors: These students are expected to be prepared to compete in NPDA-style debate and two individual events (may include limited preparation events) before he/she may compete in a tournament. For debate, each student needs to meet the requirements listed above for debate and have met weekly with a member of the coaching staff to practice each individual event.
First Year Competitors: Novice requirements will be discussed individually, but typically will be at least one event for the first tournament (which will be a local event) and two events for the second and third tournaments. Subsequent tournaments fall into the categories noted above for all team members. Debate-only students may attend the first two tournaments competing in one form of debate only, but will be expected to add an individual event or second debate event by the third tournament. Students not receiving scholarship also fall into this category.
Tournament Commitment:

All team members who are on scholarship are required to help at events directed and hosted on Concordia’s campus and attend at least three tournament events per semester, two of which are shown on the yearly schedule in bold print and a third at the choosing of the competitor. Not every team member is eligible to compete in every tournament, so students should clearly communicate which optional tournaments they wish to attend early in the semester.

Tournament Eligibility: Some tournaments have different events and levels of competition. Also, budgetary restraints, transportation and judging availability require selective decisions be made for most tournaments. Do not just assume that everyone can compete at any tournament. Verify each tournament entry with the DOF.
Tournament Entries: The DOF will prepare each tournament entry based in part on each student’s commitments. Entries for two types of tournaments are taken:
Regular Season Tournaments: Entries will be preliminarily reviewed at the team meeting three Tuesdays before the beginning of the tournament. Two Tuesdays before the beginning of the tournament, final entries will reviewed and submitted to the tournament. Changes made after this time that cost the team money will be passed on to the student. If not paid, they will be added to the student’s school bill.
National Tournaments: For all national tournaments, entry deadlines are dictated by the national organization. Those entry deadlines will be announced when they are known. Changes made after the entry deadline may incur costs to the student and will