https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/forensics/policies-and-procedures
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Forensics
Coaching Staff
Travel Schedule
Events Descriptions
Policies & Procedures
Contact 
Scholarship Application
Policies & Procedures
FORENSICS | CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

Concordia University’s forensics program is an educational, co-curricular program that strives to develop each student's full potential as a self-confident, organized, critically aware public speaker capable of competent self-presentation of original or interpretive concepts and/or material in public or private settings, and to represent Concordia in the intercollegiate speech and debate community in the highest manner possible.

The coaching staff at Concordia firmly believes that competing in speech and debate can be one of the most life-changing events in a person’s life. We believe (and studies prove) that the skills necessary to succeed at this activity impact multiple aspects of a person’s life. This activity changes lives for the better. In an effort to achieve this goal, the following squad policies are in effect.

General Expectations
Attend Weekly Team Meetings: The team meets each week (unless otherwise noted) from 5:00 p.m. to 5:50 p.m. on Tuesday afternoons. Everyone is expected to attend each meeting, unless permission to miss has been granted by a member of the coaching staff. Attendance at 90% of all team meetings (excluding excused absences) is required to attend tournaments.
Check Email Regularly: Important information (often updates that occur between meetings) is communicated via email. Please communicate which email address you will regularly check to the Director of Forensics. Information shared in an email note should be handled carefully and not disseminated to non-team members.
Minimum Event Requirements: Each person, to attend a tournament and keep her/his scholarship, needs to prepare and compete in one of three categories of competitors: (1) IE-Only, (2) Debate only, or (3) IE & Debate. Attendance at three weekends of competition is required.
Fully Prepare Events: Attendance at tournaments is only for those who have prepared all of their events and prepared them fully. Debaters are expected to have completed their assignments and participated in practice debates. Speakers are expected to have memorized their prepared events and met for coaching times with coaches.
Practice All Events: Each Individual Events slot should be practiced weekly. Debate only competitors should practice twice weekly. IE & Debate competitors should practice debate once and each IE slot once weekly.
Tournament Attendance: When at tournaments, team members are bound by Concordia University’s Student Code of Conduct. Additionally, some tournament specific conduct is also expected of forensics team members, which is detailed below.
Engage in Ballot Review: After each tournament, each person should meet with a coach to review ballots from the previous tournament. Ballot review may, at the discretion of the coach, be considered a weekly practice appointment.
Assist with CUI Tournaments: When Concordia hosts and directs an intercollegiate debate tournament, each team member is expected to assist with either part or all of the event’s hosting duties.
Behavioral Guidelines
General Behavioral Issues:

It should go without saying that forensic activities are an extension of the Concordia campus life, meaning that all campus rules and expectations apply at tournaments. Taking part in inappropriate activities while at tournaments is an excellent way to be invited to leave forensics. The Director of Forensics WILL NOT allow the activity itself to be endangered by the irresponsible actions of a few. No single person is so important that this does not apply to her/him.

Dealing with Everybody: Whether a member of the CUI forensics team or members of another team, everyone deserves to be treated with respect. This means that any behavior that is offensive or harassing in nature is unacceptable. Whether in person or electronically, it is never acceptable to demean or degrade someone.
Dealing with Team Members: Not everybody will be close friends with everybody else on the team. This, however, does not excuse inappropriate behavior from one person to another. Matthew 18 outlines how to deal with conflict. First, approach the person individually. If this does not resolve the issue, then approach that person with a member of the coaching staff. Finally, if this does not solve the issue, the DOF and other members of the coaching staff will mediate the conflict. This means that mature Christianity confronts issues and does not resort to name-calling, gossiping, or being overly critical. Our Lord called us to love one another and behaviors that do not show Christ-lik