nd judging availability require selective decisions be made for most tournaments. Do not just assume that everyone can compete at any tournament. Verify each tournament entry with the DOF.
Tournament Entries: The DOF will prepare each tournament entry based in part on each student’s commitments. Entries for two types of tournaments are taken:
Regular Season Tournaments: Entries will be preliminarily reviewed at the team meeting three Tuesdays before the beginning of the tournament. Two Tuesdays before the beginning of the tournament, final entries will reviewed and submitted to the tournament. Changes made after this time that cost the team money will be passed on to the student. If not paid, they will be added to the student’s school bill.
National Tournaments: For all national tournaments, entry deadlines are dictated by the national organization. Those entry deadlines will be announced when they are known. Changes made after the entry deadline may incur costs to the student and will be handled in the same way that regular season tournaments are handled.
Pre-Tournament “No-Shows”: Anyone failing to alert the DOF that he/she will not attend a given tournament or compete in a given event prior to the deadline for entry changes, means that he/she will be responsible for paying the applicable entry, judging and penalty fees charged to the school. Repeated no shows will jeopardize the student’s squad standing and potentially her/his scholarship.
Pre-Tournament Preparation:

To ensure that the limited travel funds available to the team are spent wisely, each person must qualify each event for competition. Events are qualified by meeting the following steps:

The event must be Tournament Ready – Whether a debate event, a prepared IE event or limited preparation IE event, each event entered at a tournament must be “tournament ready.” This means that, before the entry deadline, a coach must certify that:
Interpretation Events have a coherent argument, have been cut, are memorized without need of the script, “in book” and have been fully blocked.
Platform Speeches are completely written, memorized without stumbles, movements & gestures blocked and fluid, and delivery polished.
Limited Preparation events are consistently well structured, supported with evidence, virtually free of delivery difficulties and making cogent arguments.
Debate Events have been practiced weekly (either 1x or 2x, depending on the type of competitor) and any applicable brief assignments have been completed an approved by the Director of Debate.
Preparation must be completed: Each week, competitors are expected to make their coaching appointments and complete any assignments relevant to that coaching appointment. Debaters will also have regular (but not necessarily weekly) research assignments that need to be completed. Those who have completed 90% of their research assignments and coaching appointments are prepared to attend the tournament. Anybody below the 90% threshold may not attend a tournament until her/his preparation percentage reaches 90% or higher. This document is confidential information and is ONLY to be shared with members of the team and is NEVER to be discussed with those who are not part of CUI Forensics.
Tournament Practices:

Please read and be familiar with following expectations of tournament behaviors and CUI-specific conventions noted below:

Tournament Attire: Debaters are expected to wear at least business casual attire to all tournaments or activities representing the university. Those competing in individual events should be dressed in business professional attire.
Tournament “Go-Sheet”: For each tournament, the DOF will prepare a “go-sheet,” a document that contains all relevant information for the tournament (such as departure & return times, hotel info, room lists, final entry, etc.). The Go-Sheet will be distributed at the Tuesday meeting directly preceding the tournament, and sent to the team via email. Keep this document handy during the tournament.
Travel to Tournaments: For most every tournament, the university will either furnish a van or bus (for example, the team does not rent vehicles to travel to Irvine Valley College). Everyone attending the tournament is expected to travel in the van/bus, unless the DOF has specifically indicated his approval for non-CUI transportation. It is best to email the DOF for approval, in case his/her memory fails…
Departure Time: On each “Go-Sheet,” a departure location and time will be listed. Everyone is expected to be at the designated departure location by that time. The time listed includes 15 minutes to load the vans (or bus) and then depart. Once the 15 minutes have expired, the team will wait 5 additional minutes for any late members. After that, the team will depart. Late members not in the van will be expected to transport themselves to the tournament. Those failing to arrive on time (or not arriving at all) will be required to reimburse the team for any costs incu