ring the tournament.
Travel to Tournaments: For most every tournament, the university will either furnish a van or bus (for example, the team does not rent vehicles to travel to Irvine Valley College). Everyone attending the tournament is expected to travel in the van/bus, unless the DOF has specifically indicated his approval for non-CUI transportation. It is best to email the DOF for approval, in case his/her memory fails…
Departure Time: On each “Go-Sheet,” a departure location and time will be listed. Everyone is expected to be at the designated departure location by that time. The time listed includes 15 minutes to load the vans (or bus) and then depart. Once the 15 minutes have expired, the team will wait 5 additional minutes for any late members. After that, the team will depart. Late members not in the van will be expected to transport themselves to the tournament. Those failing to arrive on time (or not arriving at all) will be required to reimburse the team for any costs incurred by “no-showing.”
"No-Shows": Failing to complete any and/or all preliminary rounds in an event (and any elimination rounds for which you are eligible) are considered no-shows. No-showing to a round is one of the worst practices in which a competitor can engage. ALWAYS make EVERY round of competition. Competitors who no-show will be responsible for paying the applicable entry and judging fees charged to the school for that event. Repeated “no-shows” will jeopardize the student’s squad standing and potentially her/his scholarship.
Tournament Expenses: On most every occasion, the forensics team will take care of all expenses at a tournament (entry fees, travel expenses, even meal money). However, in some instances, it may be necessary for individuals to expend their own funds and then be reimbursed by the team. If this occurs, permission from the coach in charge at the tournament must be received PRIOR to the purchase and a receipt is ALWAYS necessary. When mileage reimbursement is requested, beginning and ending odometer readings are necessary.
Networking: As the old saying goes, the three most important things in business are networking, networking, and networking. It is not only appropriate to get to know as many people as possible from other schools (judges and competitors), it is also beneficial. Whether for good or bad, judges tend to vote for competitors that they know. Competitors tell their coaches about people they met on the circuit, and if that person has a favorable impression, when he/she is judging, they are more likely to vote for the likable person.
Qualifications for Nationals:

In order to be eligible to compete at one of the national championship tournaments on the travel calendar, each person or team needs to meet the following standards. Some of these are dictated by the national organization, others by CUI Forensics standards.

N.P.T.E.: The National Parliamentary Tournament of Excellence is a by-invitation only tournament. To attend, the NPTE requires a team to earn a minimum of 18 points from their four (4) best tournaments. Teams earn points based upon their performance in both preliminary and elimination rounds at each tournament.
NPDA Champs: The National Parliamentary Debate Association hosts its national championship tournament yearly. In order to attend, a team must have won an elimination round in senior/open division at a regular season tournament that year.
AFA-NIET: The American Forensics Association hosts the National Individual Events Tournament. Each event in competition at the NIET must be qualified (the event, not the person qualifies). To attend the tournament, each person must have qualified two events. To qualify an event, each person’s top three placings must add up to 8 or less. For example, placing 4th, 2nd and 1st in an event (total of 7) would qualify, while placing 4th, 3rd and 2nd (total of 9) would not qualify an event. Only senior/open division competition counts for qualification.
NFA Nationals: The American Forensics Association hosts the National Individual Events Tournament. Each event in competition at the NIET must be qualified (the event, not the person qualifies). To attend the tournament, each person must have qualified two events. To qualify an event, each person’s top three placings must add up to 8 or less. For example, placing 4th, 2nd and 1st in an event (total of 7) would qualify, while placing 4th, 3rd and 2nd (total of 9) would not qualify an event. Only senior/open division competition counts for qualification.
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

