https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/forensics/articles
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Forensics
Coaching Staff
Travel Schedule
Events Descriptions
Policies & Procedures
Contact 
Scholarship Application
Forensics Articles
CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE
Forensics Team Posts Season-Ending Victories

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 6/21/2021 - 3 minute read

Concordia University Irvine's perennially-competitive forensics teams finished strong again, with the debate side winning the National Christian College Forensics Invitational (NCCFI) championship, and the speech team placing third in the President's Division III Team Sweepstakes at the National Forensics Association (NFA) Championship.

View Post »

Debate Team Does it Again!

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 3/1/2019 - 2 minute read

Concordia University Irvine's debate team has done it again, placing second nationwide at the 2019 National Parliamentary Debate Association (NPDA) Championship Tournament. It is the seventh time in eight years they have finished in the top five among all universities, and their run includes two first-place finishes and four second-place finishes. The Eagles are the only squad in the country to place a team in the quarterfinals or higher at nationals for the last five years in a row.

View Post »

Excellence as a Student and Coach

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 12/21/2018 - 2 minute read

Amanda Ozaki-Laughon — originally a high school debate champ from California’s Central Valley, and now Concordia Irvine’s director of debate — has been part of Concordia University Irvine's forensics program for seven years as the squad has risen from obscurity to become a national powerhouse.

View Post »

A Passion for Speech

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 12/21/2018 - 1 minute read

Concordia University Irvine's director of forensics, Yaw Kyeremateng, was named the 2018 Outstanding Coach of the Year at the American Forensics Association National Individual Events Tournament, a high honor for someone who helped build Concordia Irvine’s speech team from scratch.

View Post »

Concordia University Irvine Forensics Hits High Standards

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 12/21/2018 - 3 minute read

Concordia University Irvine's speech and debate squad continues to gather team and individual achievements as one of the nation’s top programs.

View Post »

First-Gen Performance

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 7/1/2017 - 6 minute read

At this year’s National Speech tournament, senior Diego Perez advanced beyond preliminary rounds in four events and finished ranked #10 nationally. He is one reason Concordia University Irvine's speech team is edging closer to the kind of national stature and dominance that the debate team has enjoyed as #1 or #2 in the nation for the past five years.

View Post »

Debate Team Shows Off Again

By Magazine Editorial Team
Posted on 7/1/2016 - 2 minute read

Concordia's steamroller of a debate team rolls on, with the debate squad finishing second at national - the fourth year in a row it has notched a first or second place finish nationally.

View Post »

Debate Team Earns Second National Championship

Posted on 7/1/2015 - 2 minute read

Concordia University Irvine's flourishing debate team won its second national championship in three years, continuing its rise from obscurity to the top of the heap among college forensics programs. They did it, remarkably, with an almost completely new set of debaters.

View Post »

Stopping Traffic

Posted on 3/1/2015 - 3 minute read

I was homeschooled but refused to take my work super seriously a lot of the time. I would mess around, procrastinate and try to avoid chemistry and algebra.

View Post »

Concordia University Irvine Debate Team Keeps Winning

Posted on 7/1/2014 - 2 minute read

In the past four years, Concordia University Irvine's debate squad has gone from “Who?” to “Wow!", winning the national tournament last year and taking second place this year in spite of having graduated seven of its strongest debaters.

View Post »

«
1
2
»
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

