https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/graphic-design/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Graphic Design Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Scholarship
Get Started
GRAPHIC DESIGN MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Faculty
Fletcher, Sara
949-214-3290
sara.fletcher@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Visual Arts
Biography

Sara Fletcher is an artist who works toward finding connections between art and faith, and art and other disciplines, and she is pleased to join the Concordia community. She has been teaching art and art history in the Midwest, and is an exhibiting artist who had a 2019 one person show at Prince Street Gallery in New York, NY. She also illustrated the children’s book Blue Lake Days by Sarah Shey.

Her paintings, drawings, and prints depict people and things in the process of growth, exploring how observations of nature and imagination affect each other. She aims in both her art and teaching to offer a compelling experience of God's beauty to one's neighbors.

Education
MFA, Painting, The University of Iowa, 2006
Post-Baccalaureate Certificate in Painting, Brandeis University, 2003
Soo, Rachel
949-214-3289
rachel.soo@cui.edu
Visual Arts Department Chair
Biography

Professor of graphic design, Soo teaches digital image manipulation, digital illustration, typography, and graphic design classes. Utilizing both traditional and digital media, Soo creates artwork which investigates issues of identity and culture. A variety of media are used for self-discovery by examining memories, perceptions and personal relationships.

Education
B.F.A. in Commercial Art at Concordia University, Seward, Nebraska, 2001
M.F.A. in Integrated Visual Art, at Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, 2004
Teaching
Digital Publishing
Digital Image Manipulation
Digital Illustration
Graphic Design 1
Graphic Design 2
Graphic Design 3
Typography 1
Typography 2
Adjunct Faculty
Dunham, Kari
 
kari.dunham@cui.edu
Adjunct Art Professor

Biography

I am passionate about painting and teaching. My work is a representation of ordinary objects and interior spaces--a nexus of daily ritual and painting as spiritual practice. I work in oil and other drawing media and artworks range in size from large canvases to small panels. In the classroom, I find inspiration from my students and delight in coming alongside them as they become makers and creative problem-solvers.

Education
MFA, Laguna College of Art + Design
BFA, Evangel University
Publications
2015 Kari Dunham, SEEN Journal, Christians in the Visual Arts, 2015, XV:2, 27
2014 Kari Dunham, [Group exhibition catalogue], California Dreaming: An International Portrait of Southern California. Oceanside Museum of Art. Oceanside, CA
2014 Bonnie Gangelhoff, "Kari Dunham: Telling her story," Southwest Art, September 2014, Volume 44, No.4. 20.
Teaching
Drawing 1 (ART 201)
Painting (ART 321)
Fee, Brian
 
brian.fee@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Art and Art History
Biography

I have been making art, mostly painting, for about 35 years. I have been teaching Art and Art History for about 25 years. I have been a museum guide, a muralist, a lecturer, a curator, a designer--really just about anything having to do with art.

Education
MFA, Queens College, City University of New York
BFA, Massachusetts College of Art
Teaching
Experiences in Art (ART-111)
Drawing 1 (ART-201)
History of Contemporary Art (ART-315)
Hamby, Nicole Dawn
 
dawn.hamby@cui.edu
Adjunct Art Professor
Biography

Dawn Nicole Hamby is an interdisciplinary artist who works in a wide range of media. She has taught young artists of all ages and abilities and loves helping students to discover their God-given creativity and to better understand their relationship with God as creations of the Master Artist. She currently leads the Visual & Media Arts Department and Arts Academy at Orange Lutheran High School and teaches art education courses at local universities.

Education
M.A.T.: 2010, Biola University
B.F.A.: 2006, Biola University, Studio Arts: Interdisciplinary
Rebia, Sergio 
 
sergio.rebia@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Education
BFA, Laguna College of Art and Design
MFA, Laguna College of Art and Design
Teaching
Beginning, Intermediate & Advanced Drawing
Beginning, Intermediate & Advanced Figure Drawing
Beginning, Intermediate & Advanced Painting
Fundamentals of Studio Art
2D
Color Theory
Talk to a Professor

Connect with a Concordia professor in real-time. Get answers to your questions and learn more about our curriculum.

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

