HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 424: Marketing and Strategic Planning for Healthcare Organizations
3

This course will study the management of the marketing process, strategy formulation, strategic planning, organizing, budgeting, implementation, and performance assessment specific for healthcare organizations to assist institutions in fulfilling their mission, vision and goals and in helping to define strategies to improve market position and financial performance. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 425: Financial Management of Healthcare Organizations
3

This course will cover selected topics in both the financial and managerial aspects of the U.S. healthcare industry, both philosophically and theologically, with issues being evaluated and presented from the perspective of all key stakeholders including the consumer, providers, provider-organizations, payers, and government. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 475: Senior Seminar in Healthcare
3

This course is designed to provide integration and application of theory learned throughout the healthcare management program. The course is a culminating demonstration that reflects student knowledge of both course curriculum and university program outcomes. The assessment instrument includes a comprehensive analytical paper and oral presentation. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: BUS 224 and [HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed)] and Senior standing.

HCM 490A: Internship: Healthcare Administration Emphasis
3

This course will provide a structured, supervised internship in the healthcare industry consisting of community and project-based component. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: Senior standing.


AND

HCM 490B: Internship: Healthcare Administration Elective

This course will provide a structured, supervised internship in the healthcare industry consisting of community and project-based component. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: Senior standing.


PHI 467: Bioethics and Healthcare Professions
3

This course will examine the ethical issues raised by modern advances in health care and biological research. Attention will be given to the language of bioethics, important philosophical and theological approaches, and socio-cultural implications. Special foci may include clinical nursing ethics, business ethics in a healthcare context, or other topics as appropriate. Prerequisite: CTHL 101 or CTHL 200 or THL 202 or NTHL 101 or NTHL 202.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

