https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/healthcare-management/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Healthcare Management Major
Curriculum
Faculty
Newsletter
Get Started
HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT MAJOR
Curriculum
SCHOOL OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT: BACHELOR OF ARTS
42 Units
HCM 312: Management of Healthcare Organizations
3

This course will serve as an introduction to and provide the foundation for a better understanding of the relevant theories, tools, and applications, recent trends, and issues needed to address operational issues that healthcare managers face.


HCM 314: Healthcare Quality Management
3

This course will explore healthcare applications of quality improvement including governmental and regulatory influences, standards and guidelines, programs and methods, and process redesign. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


HCM 315: Organizational Behavior, Theory and Design in Healthcare Management
3

This course will provide students with an in-depth analysis of the theories and concepts of organizational behavior and theory while embracing the uniqueness and complexities of healthcare. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 413: Leadership in Health Management
3

This course will introduce students to the basic principles of leadership and direction in healthcare organizations. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


HCM 414: Legal Aspects of Healthcare
3

This course will familiarize students with significant legal principles and theories relevant to healthcare administration; provide examples of context in which potential legal problems arise; develop the ability to identify and evaluate potential legal risks related to healthcare administrative and management decisions; and to appropriately utilize legal counsel in the decision-making process. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 415: Health Information Systems
3

This course will examine the use of information systems in healthcare organizations as students are introduced to the types of healthcare data and information, the various systems used throughout the healthcare industry, the technology utilized by these systems, and the IT challenges facing healthcare administrators. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 416: Human Resource Management in Healthcare
3

This course will look at human resource management in healthcare including the principles, methods, and procedures used in the utilization and management of professional and allied health personnel. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 419: Topics in Public Health Administration
3

This course will identify and explore historical, theoretical, and practical issues in the field of public health as students identify and analyze important public health issues within various health settings. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


HCM 422: Introduction to Gerontology and Mental Health Management
3

This course will introduce and give an overview of the field of gerontology and mental health including current theories, ethical issues, public policy, legal issues, and careers along with the exploration of problems in planning, financing, delivering, and evaluating health services. Administrative structures and public and private delivery systems will also be compared and critiqued. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 424: Marketing and Strategic Planning for Healthcare Organizations
3

This course will study the management of the marketing process, strategy formulation, strategic planning, organizing, budgeting, implementation, and performance assessment specific for healthcare organizations to assist institutions in fulfilling their mission, vision and goals and in helping to define strategies to improve market position and financial performance. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 425: Financial Management of Healthcare Organizations
3

This course will cover selected topics in both the financial and managerial aspects of the U.S. healthcare industry, both philosophically and theologically, with issues being evaluated and presented from the perspective of all key stakeholders including the consumer, providers, provider-organizations, payers, and government. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 475: Senior Seminar in Healthcare
3

This course is designed to provide integration and application of theory learned throughout the healthcare management program. The course is a culminating demonstration that reflects student knowledge of both course curriculum and university program outcomes. The assessment instrument includes a comprehensive analytical paper and oral presentation. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: BUS 224 and [HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed)] and Senior standing.

HCM 490A: Internship: Healthcare Administration Emphasis
3

This course will provide a structured, supervised internship in the healthcare industry consisting of community and project-based component. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: Senior standing.


AND

HCM 490B: Internship: Healthcare Administration Elective

This course will provide a structured, supervised internship in the healthcare industry consisting of community and project-based component. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: Senior standing.


PHI 467: Bioethics and Healthcare Professions
3

This course will examine the ethical issues raised by modern advances in health care and biological research. Attention will be given to the language of bioethics, important philosophical and theological approaches, and socio-cultural implications. Special foci may include clinical nursing ethics, business ethics in a healthcare context, or other topics as appropriate. Prerequisite: CTHL 101 or CTHL 200 or THL 202 or NTHL 101 or NTHL 202.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

