D)
Great Commission Showcase
Leadership, Education, and Development (LEAD) Program
Missions
President's Academic Showcase
Study Abroad
Theta Alpha Kappa
Worship Ensembles
DCE Internship

A unique component of the DCE minor is a paid internship during your final year in the program. Students will spend 12 months on-site with a serving DCE to acquire experience and skills related to DCE ministry, including a study of current DCE ministry trends, resources, and philosophies. Your fieldwork is intended to feel like a home-away-from-home experience, while at the same time challenging your predispositions or assumptions so you can grow in wisdom and faith.

LEARN MORE
Alternate DCE Certification Routes
For students already working in a relevant ministry position in a church or church-related context, the online Christian Education Leadership Degree (CEL) with Director of Christian Education (DCE) Certification provides the opportunity to earn a bachelor’s, or complement an existing degree with a second BA and DCE certification.
Students who have already earned a bachelor’s degree may complete the Master of Arts in Theology with DCE certification. 
Get in Touch

We would love to speak with you directly about this exciting opportunity to become a Christian leader and make a difference. Please contact the Director, Prof. Rebecca Duport.

Rebecca Duport
Director, DCE Program
rebecca.duport@cui.edu
(949) 214-3621

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

