ursuing a career in academia as an adjunct professor Briana continues to work with her clients in Orange County at a Medical contract agency.

Education
B.A. Psychology, Sonoma State University
M.S., CSU Fullerton
Illescas, Lauren
Adjunct Professor
lauren.illescas@cui.edu


Adjunct Professor
Biography

Lauren Illescas is a seasoned Operations Executive with more than 14 years of experience in guiding small businesses from start-up to maturity. She excels in development and operationalization of executive vision and strategies, achieving business growth targets, and reducing costs through quality management systems and streamlined workflows. Her career highlights include leading change management during acquisitions, developing strategic visions and plans, and fostering client-oriented environments for market penetration. Lauren holds a Master's in Healthcare Administration and Bachelor’s in Business Administration & Leadership from Concordia University Irvine. She is an active member of professional organizations such as CHIEF, the American College of Healthcare Executives, and the Healthcare Financial Management Association. When she's not immersed in her professional pursuits, Lauren cherishes quality time with her husband and three young daughters.

Kane, Todd
Assistant Professor
robert.kane@cui.edu


Assistant Professor
Biography

Professor Kane received his Master's of Business Administration with a specialization in Healthcare Administration from Northcentral University. He also has a Master's of Education with a concentration in Organizational Leadership, a Master's in Information Technology with a concentration in computer security and assurance, and a Graduate Certificate in Human Resources. Professor Kane's experience in business, healthcare, and healthcare administration spans more than 20 years. During that time he has served as the president and CEO of a Joint Commission Certified multi-million dollar private national healthcare recruitment, human resources, and outsourcing firm for more than a decade. Professor Kane's healthcare experience includes home health, hospital staffing, physician recruitment & placement, healthcare operations and more.

Education
MBA - Healthcare Administration
Me.D - Organizational Leadership
Publications
Kane, R. T., Shaw, M. E., Pang, S., Salley, W., & Snider, J. B. (2016, January). Relationships among faculty training, faculty degree, faculty longevity, and student satisfaction in online higher education. Journal of Online Distance Learning Administration, 18(4).
O’Bryan, A., Kane, T., & Shaw, M. (2013, April 29). Establishing an online professional development community to promote faculty engagement and excellence. Faculty Focus.
Shaw, M. E., Walters, K. J., Kane, R. T., & Long, D. M. (2012). Online Course Activities: A Survey of Assignment and Assessment Types. In Learning Management System Technologies and Software Solutions: Tools and Applications. IGI Global.
Kane, R. (2012). Career Management. School to Work Consortium. Colorado State University.
King, W. & Kane, R. (2012). Live Session Course Enhancements. IGI Global. Stevens Henager College.
Shaw, M., & Kane, R. T. (2011, July). Online Teaching Opportunities and Strategies! The Missouri Distance Learning Association Annual Conference. Springfield, MO.
Shaw, M., & Kane, R. T. (2011, April). Teaching Online and Loving It! The United States Distance Learning Association National Conference. St. Louis, MO.
Kane, T. (2010). Removing Obstacles to Student Success. Stevens Henager College- Faculty Best Practices, Colorado Springs, CO.
Kane, T (2010). Staffing gets a partner. San Antonio Medicine (SAM), 63 (9).
Bradley, C., Talbott, B., Kane, R.T. (2010). Online Discussion Strategies: Build Critical Thinking and Online Community. Ozarks Technical Community College, Springfield, MO.
Braun, N. & Kane, T (2010). The future of management. The Journal of Business Management and Entrepreneurship (JOBME), 1 (8).
Walters, K., Shaw, M.E., Lessard, D., & Kane, R.T. (2010). Innovative Professional Practices, Synergy, and eCollaboration. The eLearning Institute 2010 Virtual Conference.
Shaw, M. E., & Kane, R. T. (2010). Distance Learning Course Activities and Assessments. Missouri Distance Learning Association Conference, Springfield, MO.
Shaw, M. E., & Kane, R. T. (2009). Distance Learning Course Activities. The Fifteenth Sloan-C International Conference on Online Learning, "The Power of Online Learning: Opportunities for Tomorrow.” Orlando, FL.
Kane, R. T. (2008). Industry Roundtable. Staffing Industry Analyst Healthcare Staffing Summit, "Breaking the Ten Million Dollar Barrier”. San Francisco, CA.
Kane, R. T. (2007). Expert Panel. Staffing Industry Analyst. Healthcare Staffing Summit, "Organizing & Operating for Growth”. Chicago, IL.
Mardirosian, Rodney
Adjunct Professor
rodney.mardirosian@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Rodney S. Mardirosian, MPH is the Manager of Business Development for Adventist Health Physicians 