https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/public-health/admissions
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Public Health
Curriculum
Faculty
Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Nights
Newsletter
Contact 
Apply Now
Admissions Requirements
MASTER OF PUBLIC HEALTH
APPLY NOW

To be considered for admission to the master’s program, a student must:

Have a bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited institution or an international evaluation verifying the equivalent of a regionally accredited U.S. bachelor’s degree.
A cumulative GPA of 3.0 or better (4.0 scale) in all previous college work is desired.

To be considered for admission with a cumulative GPA below 3.0, applicants must submit a petition letter. This letter of appeal should be addressed to the Admissions Committee and mailed/emailed to the Graduate Admissions Office, 1530 Concordia West, Irvine, CA 92612. For questions, contact Brian Tessler, MPH Admissions Counselor, at healthcare@cui.edu or 949-214-3640.

 

Steps to Apply to the MPH Program
Submit an online application for admission to the Graduate Admissions Office with a non-refundable application fee of $50.00 (see link above).

Provide ONE official transcript from the college or university that shows a confirmed bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited college or university. (Transcripts must be received in an official SEALED envelope.) If the applicant’s degree is from a non-U.S. institution, an official, detailed transcript evaluation from an approved international credential evaluation service that shows the equivalent of a regionally accredited bachelor’s U.S. degree must be provided. The Office of Graduate Admissions has approved IERF as an approved vendor for transcript evaluation. Information regarding this can be found at www.IERF.org.

Note: A student may be conditionally accepted for one term (2-course maximum) with unofficial transcripts. However, students are not permitted to register for subsequent terms until the official transcripts are received. A “hold” will be placed on a student’s account if official transcripts are not received. To remove a hold, contact the Bursar’s office located on the 1st floor of Grimm Hall, or at (949) 214-3075.

Submit a Statement of Intent: Applicants must submit a written essay (250-plus words) of personal, professional, and educational goals for becoming a healthcare administrator.  Please discuss any healthcare experience (paid, volunteer, and/or internship).
Provide a minimum of one professional reference. An additional personal reference is optional (online or PDF form).
Submit a current professional resume.

Upon completion of all admission requirements, applicants will be contacted for a phone interview. Students who are accepted into the MPH program will receive formal decision letter via email.

Transfer of Credit

Students may transfer in up to 2 courses (6 units), provided the coursework meets all of the following criteria:

Is graduate-level coursework, equivalent in learning objectives and outcomes required in the program course
Was completed within the past five years from a regionally accredited university
Is transcripted with a grade of “B” or above

Coursework will be evaluated by the program director for transferability at the time of application. Students may be required to provide a course syllabus or other supporting material to determine equivalency.

Questions?

If you have any questions about the admissions process or requirements, please contact Brian Tessler, MPH Admissions Counselor at 949-214-3640 or healthcare@cui.edu.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

