https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/healthcare-administration/apply
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Healthcare Administration
About
Curriculum 
Faculty
Info Nights
Financial Aid
Newsletters
Partnerships
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
Admissions Requirements
MASTER OF HEALTHCARE ADMINISTRATION
ONLINE APPLICATION

International students - due to the format of the MHA program being fully online, Concordia University Irvine is unable to sponsor a student visa (F-1).

To be considered for admission to the master’s program, a student must:

Have a bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited institution or an international evaluation verifying the equivalent of a regionally accredited U.S. bachelor’s degree.
A cumulative GPA of 3.0 or better (4.0 scale) in all previous college work is desired.

To be considered for admission with a cumulative GPA below 3.0, applicants must submit a petition letter. The MHA program limits the number of applicants accepted each term with a GPA below 3.0 to 25%. If the program has reached the limit, the applicant may apply the following term. For questions, contact Brian Tessler, MHA Admissions Counselor, at healthcare@cui.edu or 949-214-3640.

Steps to Apply to the MHA Program
Submit an online application for admission to the Graduate Admissions Office with a non-refundable application fee of $50.00 (see link above).

Provide ONE official transcript from the college or university that shows a confirmed bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited college or university. (Transcripts must be received in an official SEALED envelope.) If the applicant’s degree is from a non-U.S. institution, an official, detailed transcript evaluation from an approved international credential evaluation service that shows the equivalent of a regionally accredited bachelor’s U.S. degree must be provided. The Office of Graduate Admissions has approved IERF as an approved vendor for transcript evaluation. Information regarding this can be found at www.IERF.org.

Note: A student may be conditionally accepted for one term (2-course maximum) with unofficial transcripts. However, students are not permitted to register for subsequent terms until the official transcripts are received. A “hold” will be placed on a student’s account if official transcripts are not received. To remove a hold, contact the Bursar’s office located on the 1st floor of Grimm Hall, or at (949) 214-3075.

Submit a Statement of Intent: Applicants must submit a written essay (250-plus words) of personal, professional, and educational goals for becoming a healthcare administrator.  Please discuss any healthcare experience (paid, volunteer, and/or internship).
Provide a minimum of one professional reference. An additional personal reference is optional (online or PDF form).
Submit a current professional resume.

Students who are accepted into the MHA program will receive formal decision letter via email.

Transfer of Credit

Students may transfer in up to 2 courses (6 units), provided the coursework meets all of the following criteria:

Is graduate-level coursework, equivalent in learning objectives and outcomes required in the program course
Was completed within the past six years from a regionally accredited university
Is transcripted with a grade of “B” or above

Coursework will be evaluated by the program director for transferability at the time of application. Students may be required to provide a course syllabus or other supporting material to determine equivalency.

Questions?

If you have any questions about the admissions process or requirements, please contact Brian Tessler, MHA Admissions Counselor at 949-214-3640 or healthcare@cui.edu.

ONLINE APPLICATION

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

