ues
3

This seminar course will be devoted to an in-depth examination of a major issue affecting the global community; exact topic to be determine by the instructor each semester. May repeat 4 times for credit and 12 units may be used to fulfill major/minor requirements.


HST 430: War and Society
3

This course seeks to gain a greater understanding of human societies by exploring their relationship with warfare. Moreover, it seeks to understand how war-making and all of its composite factors (technology, culture, logistical needs, etc.) influence and change human society. Finally, it inquires into how various social and external factors help determine success or failure in warfare beyond the simple narration of tactics and command decisions.


HST 431: Women's History
3

This course will begin with the early modern era in Europe and will look at the intense interaction between the peoples of many continents and nations over women, the West, and the culture which have their roots in this period of exchange, colonization, and struggle. Offered alternate years.


HST/SCI 455: History and Philosophy of Science
3

This course will introduce the philosophic nature of science with a literary review of philosophic issues associated with the epistemological and historical development of science starting with ancient Greece through today. Prerequisite: CBIO 101 or consent of instructor.

HST 478: History of California
3

The history of California from earliest times to the present with an emphasis on its Hispanic heritage will be the focus of this course.


HST 491: Advanced Topics in History
3

This research-oriented course will allow advanced students to study one aspect of history in depth with a view towards either graduate study or a project for the President's Academic Showcase for Undergraduate Research. May repeat 4 times for credit and 12 units may be used to fulfill major/minor requirements.


POL 304: Grand Strategy
3

This course will explore the aspect of statecraft in international relations known as “grand strategy” from a theoretical and historical perspective. This course traces how statesmen have or have not marshalled and coordinated the political, diplomatic, military, material, cultural, and moral resources available to a state, to achieve, or fail to achieve long-term objectives in the international environment during war and peace.

POL 333: Eastern Political Thought
3

An exploration of East Asian political philosophy, focussing on, but not limited to ancient Chinese classical thinkers such as Confucius, Lao Tzu, Mozi, Mencius, Zhuangzi and Sun Tzu, and with more recent Japanese traditions, such as the Kyoto School of Nishida Kitarô.

POL 413: Religion and Politics in America
3

The role of religion in American public life will be examined in this course with an emphasis on the interpretation and impact of the First Amendment and the concept of "separation of church and state" on religious and political life in the United States. Offered alternate years.


POL 490: Internship: Political Thought
3

This course is an intense part- or full-time practical experience outside the classroom that is an integral part of a professional program and contributes significantly to the preparation of a student for entrance into a profession. Approximately forty (40) contact hours are required for each unit of credit. Each department may limited the maximum number of internship credit. Offered alternate years.


 *With approval from the department chair and dean of the school, a world language other than Latin may be substituted.
 **May repeat 4 times for credit and 3 units may be used to fulfill major requirements.
 ***May repeat 4 times for credit and 12 units may be used to fulfill major requirements.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advis