https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/history-political-thought/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
History & Political Thought Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
History and Political Thought
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
HISTORY & POLITICAL THOUGHT MAJOR
41 Units
CORE COURSES
26 Units
HST 226: United States History
3

This survey course of U.S. history from colonial times to the present will include the political, economic, social, and cultural development at each phase of the country's growth and progress through the study of colonization, independence, early nationhood, sectional strife culminating in the Civil War, reconstruction, economic expansion, prosperity, depression, imperialism, reforms, two world wars, and contemporary tensions.


HST 332: Ancient Greece and Rome
3

The history of ancient Greece and Rome from the time of Homer to the fall of the Roman Empire will be examined in this course with particular emphasis on Greek and Roman politics, socio-economic life and structures, classical culture and philosophy, and the rise of Christianity. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202.


HST 334: Medieval History
3

The emergence of Europe from the early Middle Ages to the Italian Renaissance will be examined in this course including the feudal society, the Christian church, cities and commerce, art and learning, and the rise of kings and nation states. Particular attention will be given to Europe's Greek and Roman legacy as transmitted by the Byzantine and Islamic civilizations. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202. Offered alternate years.


HST 336: The Renaissance and the Reformation
3

Europe from the 14th to the 17th century, the transitional period between medieval and modern history, will be examined in this course including the Italian Renaissance, the Northern Renaissance, the Lutheran Reformation, the Calvinist and Anglican Reformations, and the Roman Catholic Counter Reformation. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202. Offered alternate years.


HST 338: Modern European History
3

This course integrates various political, social, economic, and cultural phases of Europe's history from the 18th century to the present, including the French Revolution, industrialization, imperialism, the unification of Italy and Germany, communism, fascism; the two world wars, and the Cold War. It will also trace the major scientific, literary, and artistic developments through this era.


POL 321: Political Thought I: Ancient to Early Modern
3

This course will analyze the nuances and trace the development of Western political thought from classical Greece to 17th century northern Europe with attention given to the questions facing every generation concerning the nature of political association and the good society. Students will become familiar with each major political thinker, the context in which they wrote, and influence upon the history of ideas.


OR

POL 322: Political Thought II: The Enlightenment
3

This course will analyze the nuances and trace the development of Western political thought from the early Enlightenment (17th century) to the present with attention given to the questions facing every generation concerning the nature of political association and the good society. Students will become familiar with each major political thinker, the context in which they wrote, and their influence upon the history of ideas.

Language requirement:
LAT 101 *: Fundamentals of Latin I *
4

This course will study the fundamentals of the Latin language including morphology, syntax, and vocabulary for reading simple passages of Latin prose and poetry.

LAT 102 *: Fundamentals of Latin II *
4

A continuation of LAT 101. Prerequisite: LAT 101 or equivalent.

ADDITIONAL COURSES
15 Units
Choose 15 units from the following:
HST 240: Race and Politics in America
3

An examination of the dynamics of race relations in modern America.  While the course begins in post-Civil War America and continues to the present, it highlights the dramatic events of the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s and 1960s, analyzing the role of ordinary individuals as well as those in various positions of government.

HST/ANT 314: Native Peoples of North America
3

An anthropological overview of native North American societies from pre-Columbian times to the present will be the focus of this course, utilizing a culture area approach and including an emphasis on the native people of California.

HST/POL 320: Strategic Thought
3

This course is a reading-intensive overview of the development of military thought. The readings will cover works of major thinkers in military strategy such as Carl von Clausewitz, A.T. Mahan, and B. H. Liddell Hart. Students will explor