https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/history-political-thought/the-franciscan
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
History & Political Thought Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE
The Franciscan
A Journal of Undergraduate Research for History & Political Thought
 
2021, Volume II
Wise, Honorable, and Cultivated
About

The Franciscan is an undergraduate, peer-reviewed history journal edited by students at Concordia University Irvine and advised by Professor Rebecca Lott. Published annually, The Franciscan is an opportunity for students and alumni of Concordia University to publicize their historical and political research and share their analyses and conclusions with the large field of scholarship.

First published in 2020, The Franciscan is named after Dr. Adam Francisco, a former faculty member and alumnus of Concordia University Irvine’s History and Political Thought Department. Dr. Francisco’s dedication to students and academia was demonstrated by his service as department chair from 2015-2019. This journal, published in his honor, is a continuation of the rigorous and meticulous standards he set for the department.

Editors
Ryan Dunn (Editor-in-Chief)
Autumn Borg (Associate Editor)
Taylor Lau (Associate Editor)
Sean Nowlan (Associate Editor)
Faculty Advisor
Rebecca Lott

All inquiries, suggestions, and corrections regarding our journal should be directed to the editors at thefranciscan@eagles.cui.edu

VISIT OUR WEBSITE

Literary Submission Guidelines

History is the lens we use to investigate the past and study events, characters, and cultures different from our own. History reaches far beyond a single discipline as it explores the struggles and growth of humanity across the globe and throughout time. By contributing to an undergraduate history journal, we can enter into the conversation that explores politics, economics, culture, society, and much more.

The Franciscan welcomes interdisciplinary research about history, as well as relevant papers that were written for non-history courses. Authors do not have to be history majors to submit.

All papers considered for publication in the journal The Franciscan must:

Feature original research utilizing primary source materials.
Be double spaced, 12pt Times New Roman font, paginated, with one-inch margins.
Be between 6 and 25 pages in length.
Have citations formatted as footnotes and a full bibliography in Chicago Manual of Style (CMS).

Please also prepare a short abstract and biography (100-150 words each) to include along with your submission.

SUBMISSIONS

Past Editions
2020, Volume 1
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

