 a 2.8 cumulative GPA in required Christ College courses. Students must receive at least a C- in courses required for LCMS certification. Once you have successfully completed all requirements, you will be considered for recommendation by the faculty for certification by the LCMS.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Alumni Awards
2016 Pacific Chorale Young Composers Competition

Christian Guebert



WATCH VIDEO
Guided Experience Through Fieldwork

The DPM program includes a strong fieldwork component during your senior year. You will be assigned to serve at a local church to gain insight and understanding of the congregational structure.

Opportunities for DPM Minors

The purpose of the Director of Parish Music Program is to equip leaders for ministry who are passionate about the Gospel and the role music and worship can have in sharing the good news of Jesus. Through your undergraduate coursework, co-curricular ensemble participation, and fieldwork in local churches, you will be prepared to serve effectively in a congregational setting.

Tours

Each year, during the May term, Concordia supports an international music ensemble tour. The cost for student performers is only approximately 25% of the actual cost of the trip.

Italy: Concordia Choir (2014)
Australia: Spirit Bells and Concert Handbells (2015)
Austria: Donne di Canto and Men’s Chorus (2016)
Germany for 500th anniversary of Reformation: Concordia Choir and Sinfonietta (2017)
Performance Groups

Enduring friendships and lifelong memories are formed through participation in Concordia’s top musical ensembles.

4 Choirs
2 Orchestras
2 Jazz ensembles
1 American folk ensemble
4 Handbell ensembles
1 Commercial music ensemble
Numerous chamber music ensembles
Numerous praise and worship bands

VIEW ALL PERFORMANCE GROUPS

Get in Touch

For more information about the DPM program at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact Rev. Steve Zank.

Steve Zank
Director, Center for Worship Leadership
steven.zank@cui.edu


Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

