https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/education/lutheran-teacher-certificate/career-placement
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now

Undergraduate Education Program

Education Programs 
Prospective Students 
Current Students
Handbook
Contact Us
Career Placement
UNDERGRADUATE EDUCATION PROGRAMS
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Lutheran Teacher Placement

Teaching in Lutheran Schools fulfills a great need for religious education to spread the Gospel of Jesus Christ to all nations. As a student in the Lutheran Teacher Certificate program, we want you to be fully prepared to undertake such an important service to the church and the world. One half of your student teaching semester will be in a regionally accredited school affiliated with The Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod, LCMS.

Once a candidate for the Lutheran Teaching Ministry completes their program of courses at CUI, they are placed in schools and congregations through the office of the Lutheran Placement. High schools, elementary schools and congregations from many regions of the country will be calling Concordia in search of the “right” candidate to fulfill their own particular congregational and classroom ministry needs. It is the role of the Placement Director to match those church needs with candidates who are ready to serve. Placement is not guaranteed.

Students will apply for placement near the end of their program. Placement applications can be obtained from Carrie Donohoe, Assistant Director of Lutheran Placement, ext. 3389.

Why get your credential at CUI?
Read what our graduates have to say.
Learn about your future professors in the School of Education Faculty profiles.
Questions? Send an email here or call at (949) 854-8002 ext. 1355.
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

