https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/church-work/christ-college-certification-requirements
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Church Work Program
Programs 
Christ College Certification
Faculty
Scholarships & Grants
Request Info
Apply Now
CHRIST COLLEGE CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS
Christ College
Christ College Certification Requirements

Christ College guides students interested in receiving certification for ministerial vocations in The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS).

LCMS students pursuing such certification must apply for admission into a Christ College program and complete the academic preparation in their program. Students must maintain a 2.5 cumulative grade point average (GPA) in all course work and a 2.8 cumulative GPA in required Christ College courses. Students must receive at least a C- in courses required for LCMS certification (including professional program and/or major). Those students successfully completing all requirements will receive a certificate along with a commemorative medallion from Christ College and will be considered for recommendation by the faculty for certification by the LCMS or for admission into a LCMS seminary.

CCI 001-008: Seminar in Ministry
0.5

Taken each year during a semester not taking CCI 103, 203, 303, or 403.

CCI 103: Introduction to Ministry
1

This course will explore Christian vocations including the possibility of full-time professional church work in The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS) as pastor, deaconess, teacher, director of Christian education, or director of parish music and examine these positions in the context of the church-at-large and local congregations. The professional and personal growth and formation of the future church worker will be described and fostered.

CCI 305: Called to Teach the Faith
3

All Christian ministers teach the faith in their various callings. This course will equip future ministers to properly apply Law and Gospel in a variety of educational contexts, to theologically evaluate curricula, and to participate in effective faith formation. Students are personally and professionally prepared for full-time ministry through topics such as the local and national church, the call process, Christian professionalism and ethics, and through spiritual and personal health. This class will also address income tax, social security, and financial planning for called ministers. Prerequisites: Acceptance into an LCMS church vocations program; completion of THL 371 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or consent of the instructor.


THL 201: History and Literature of the Old Testament
3

This course will investigate the literature of the Old Testament in light of its cultural and canonical contexts with an emphasis on its major theological questions and themes and their relevance for Christian faith and life.


THL 202: History and Literature of the New Testament
3

Through a historical and literary survey of the New Testament, this course will emphasize theological themes and their relevance for Christian faith and life.


THL 304: History of the Christian Church
3

This course will survey the origin and development of the Christian church through the examination of its political and cultural contexts and influences with special consideration given to theological themes which surfaced at different times and places throughout the history of the Christian church, culminating with 21st century trends in fundamentalism, evangelicalism, and ecumenism.


THL 371: Christian Doctrine and Confessions I
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover theological method, revelation and Scripture, Law and Gospel, the Triune God and His attributes, humanity and sin, and the person and work of Jesus Christ as the God-man, with an emphasis on key biblical material and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions.


THL 372: Christian Doctrine and Confessions II
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover the work of Christ, the person and the work of the Holy Spirit, the church and eschatology with an emphasis on key biblical materials and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions. Prerequisite: THL 371.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this program and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your program. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Contact Us

For more information regarding Christ College's ministry programs or certification, please contact the Director of Ministerial Formation.

Dr. Mike Middendorf
Professor of Theology, Christ College
Office: BMC 213
(949) 214-3404
mike.middendorf@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect