
Publications
"'Working 9 to 5?' : The Doctrine of Vocation and Its Application to DCE Ministry." In Together: Preparing Christian Educators for the Future, edited by Dean R. Hansen and Brent Alan Mai, 27-36. Portland: Concordia University, 2011.
“Millennials and Maslow: First Article Needs and Christian Apologetics,” Missio Apostolica: Journal of the Lutheran Society for Missiology, 41, no. 1 (Spring, 2013): 55-62.
“From Church to Campus to World: Lutheran Theology and Campus Ministry.” In The Idea and Practice of a Christian University: A Lutheran Approach, edited by Scott A. Ashmon, 267-283. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2015.
“The Skeptics: Atheists, Agnostics, and the Spiritual But Not Religious.” In The Christian Difference: An Explanation & Comparison of World Religions, edited by Wayne Palmer and Laura Lane, 297-366. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2019.
“The Church: A Call to God’s Family.” In Who Am I? Exploring Your Identity Through Your Vocations, edited by Scott Ashmon, 143-156. Irvine: New Reformation Publications, 2020.
Stiegemeyer, Scott
(949) 214-3406
scott.stiegemeyer@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Theology and Bioethics

After serving congregations near Pittsburgh, PA and Chicago, IL, bioethicist and theologian Scott Stiegemeyer joined the Faculty at CUI in 2015. A 1991 graduate of Concordia University in Ann Arbor, MI, he attended Concordia Theological Seminary in Fort Wayne, IN from which he earned his mater of divinity.  During his time in the Chicago area, he earned a Master of Arts in bioethics from Trinity International University in Deerfield, IL and later completed a doctorate in bioethics from Loyola University, Chicago. Dr. Stiegemeyer writes and teaches in the areas of church history, bioethics, theology of the body, and Christian ministry in contemporary American contexts.

Biography

Grew up in Kansas City, MO, served as a Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod pastor in the Pittsburgh, PA and Chicago, IL areas. Former Circuit Visitor in the Eastern District of the LCMS. Member of the LCMS Commission on Theology and Church Relations

Education
B.A., Concordia University, Ann Arbor, MI
M.Div., Concordia Theological Seminary, Fort Wayne, IN
M.A., Trinity International University, Deerfield, IL
D. Bioethics, Loyola University, Chicago, IL
Advisor Foci
Research: Human Dignity
Theological Anthropology
The Church's engagement with contemporary challenges
Publications and Articles
Concordia Theological Quarterly - "Robert George’s Natural Law Argument against Same-Sex Marriage" and "How Do You Know Whether You Are a Man or a Woman?"
Lutheran Witness - "Male and Female He Created Them"
Concordia Pulpit Resource - "The Body of Your Sermon: Preaching Incarnational Theology"
Dignitas - "Theological Anthropology for Bioethics"
Books
Lutheranism 101 for Kids
Your Marriage by God's Design
United in Christ: Preparation for Christian Marriage
Chapter

"Let Us Make Man" in One of the Holy Trinity Suffered for Us: Essays in Honor of William C. Weinrich

Teaching
Teaching: CCI 103 - Introduction to Ministry
CTHL 101 - Foundations of Christian Theology
CTHL 200 - Introduction to Theological Thought
NPHI 467 - Bioethics and Healthcare Professions
THL 304 - History of the Christian Church
THL 382 - Corporate Worship
MACL 404 - Survey of Historical Theology
THL 465 - Christians and Ethics
MPH 545 - Vocation and Ethics in Public Health
THL 511 - Creeds and Confessions
TPRC 542 - Christian Worship in Cultural Context
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

