dia University, Irvine, BA 2001
Research
Area of Specialization
Philosophy of Science
Areas of Competence
Philosophy of Biology Epistemology
Science and Religion
Logic and Critical Thinking
Teaching Experience
Florida State University: Instructor - Ethical Issues and Life Choices (Summer 2009)
Rio Hondo Community College: Instructor - Introduction to Philosophy (Summer 2006; Spring 2006)
Orange Lutheran High School: Instructor—Full Responsibility - Intertestamental Period and Old Testament Books, Sophomore Level (2001/2002)
Publications
Encyclopedia Article
"Darwin and the Levels of Selection" with Brian Hollis and Christopher Zarpentine, in The Cambridge Encyclopedia of Darwin and Evolutionary Thought. Edited by Michael Ruse. Cambridge University Press (forthcoming)
Book Review
Darwin's Gift to Science and Religion by Francisco Ayala, in History and Philosophy of the Life Sciences, 2008, 30: 272-273.
Presentations
"The Unusual Relationship between Intelligent Design and Evolution; or Are Intelligent Design and Evolutionary Theory Kissing Cousins?" International Society for the History, Philosophy, and Social Studies of Biology: Brisbane, AUS; July 2009.
"Why Science and Spirituality Need Each Other: Toward a Theory of Dialogue" Zygon Student Symposium on Science and Religion: Chicago, IL; May 2009.
"Keeping It in the Family: An Exploration of the Relationship Between Intelligent Design and Evolution" Darwin's Legacy: Evolution's Impact on Science and Culture, UNCW; March 2009.
"Preliminary Remarks Towards a Complementary Model of Causation" Western Social Sciences Association: Denver, CO; April 2008.
"Modern Reflections on the Mind/Brain Problem" Western Social Sciences Association: Phoenix, AZ; April 2006.
"The Mind/Body Problem Revisited: A New Look at the Ontological Problem" with Paul Tang. Western Social Sciences Association: Albuquerque, NM April 2005.
"A Goodmanian Interpretation of the Verifiability Criterion: Paradox and Resurrection" Western Social Sciences Association: Salt Lake City, UT April 2004.
Awards and Honors
Fellowship
Integrated Training in Biology and Science (ITBaS), funded by the National Science Foundation through a grant from the History and Philosophy of Science, Engineering, and Technology Program (2009/2010).
Travel Awards
Student Travel Grants (2009, 2008)
Honors
Friends of Philosophy Scholarship for graduate studies in Philosophy (2004, 2003). Awarded by the Department of Philosophy, California State University, Long Beach.
Phi Kappa Phi
Duport, Rebecca
(949) 214-3621
rebecca.duport@cui.edu

Director of DCE program
Biography

Hi! I'm Rebecca Duport and I'm blessed to be called to serve my alma mater Concordia Irvine as an Assistant Professor and Director to the DCE Program of Christ College. Upon graduation from CUI in 1998, I've served Lutheran Churches as a Director of Christian Education (DCE) throughout the country (Idaho, Kentucky, Arkansas, Florida) in life-span education roles working with Children, Youth, Family, Older Adults. I cherish the relationships that God has allowed me the privilege to be a part of as a full-time DCE in His church for 16 years before coming to Concordia as a Professor in 2014. My service to the body of Christ also includes speaking at youth gatherings, conferences and leading training events for Family Friendly Partner's Network (FFPN). My husband Kyle and I enjoy spending time with our four boys and their events in scouting, sports and school.

Education

Concordia University, Seward, Nebraska, M.S. 2010 Concordia University, Irvine, California, B.A. 1998

Eschelbach, Michael
(949) 214-3622
michael.eschelbach@cui.edu
Professor of Theology
Curriculum Vitae




Reverend Eschelbach was a parish pastor for 15 years before teaching at Concordia University Chicago (14 years) and now Concordia University Irvine. The care of souls and love of truth are evident in his eagerness to help others find the answers they seek, especially answers to the most difficult questions. Professor Eschelbach invests himself in his students as he shows them how to search for the truth among the various witnesses God has provided, especially in the Bible but also in nature, reason, and common human experience. You may find evidence of Dr. Eschelbach’s work in his publications, public speaking, and recognition for exemplary teaching. Besides teaching and studies, Michael Eschelbach enjoys sailing, biking along Newport beach, and visiting the redwoods.

Experience
Administrative
Provide leadership and inspiration to various committees in the university setting, including faculty search committees, faculty seminar, faculty growth and development, student life policies, liberal arts culture, and student retention task force. Within each setting, provide exploration and development of responsive, innovative, and effective programming.
Writing (see also “publications” below)
In the process of writing essays on; the philosophy of religion, the nature of human responsibility i