concerning the Synoptic Gospels and Acts. An individual Gospel will be selected and translated with a focus on the theological meaning, emphasis, and its modern application. Prerequisite: TGRE 502.


TEXN 520: Romans/Pauline Literature
3

This course will offer a comprehensive overview of the Pauline corpus (excluding the prison and pastoral epistles) with an in-depth study of correspondence with one of the congregations including an inspection of the literary, cultural, and structural issues with attention paid to the theological content, meaning, and suggested applications for contemporary issues. Prerequisite: TGRE 502.


TEXN 532: Johannine Corpus
3

This course will offer a comprehensive overview of the Johannine Corpus and an in-depth study of one of the books as the literary genre, exegetical, and interpretational issues are examined and how they enhance one's understanding of the book. Prerequisite: TGRE 502.


TEXN 540: Prison, Pastoral, and General Epistles
3

The course offers a comprehensive overview of all isagogical information concerning Paul's Prison Epistles, the Pastoral Epistles, the General Epistles and Hebrews. Individual books will also be selected for in-depth translation and application. Particular attention will be paid to the pastoral and church related issues proclaimed in the epistles towards a practical competency of leading a congregation in the ethnic, multi-cultural context of modern pastoral mission work. Prerequisite: TGRE 502 or equivalent.


INTERNSHIP & RESIDENCY
MACL 570: Ministry Internship I
3

This ministry residency is a mentored ministerial formation experience in a Christian congregation. Students will apply and enhance ministry skills appropriate to their area of study under the supervision of an experienced minister.


MACL 571: Ministry Internship II
3

This ministry residency is a mentored ministerial formation experience in a Christian congregation. Students will apply and enhance ministry skills appropriate to their area of study under the supervision of an experienced minister. Prerequisite: MACL 570.


MACL 580: Ministry Residency
9

Ministry Residency is a 12 month full-time ministerial formation experience in a Christian congregation. It occurs after completing all other requirements in the Center for Church Leadership. Students will be an active part of the ministry team, serving under the supervision of an experienced minister. Graduation Application Fee: $185.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

