https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/church-leadership/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MA in Church Leadership
Curriculum
Contact Us
Curriculum
MASTER OF ARTS IN CHURCH LEADERSHIP
Master of Arts Church Leadership

Concordia University Irvine students who have completed THL 401, MACL 404, MACL 410 or MACL 411, MACL 428 or MACL 429, MACL 465, MACL 473 (17 units, all with a grade of B or better) as an undergraduate in the Bachelor of Arts in Theological Studies: Ministry Leadership major will complete the following courses in order to receive their Master of Arts in Church Leadership:

MASTER OF ARTS CHURCH LEADERSHIP
36 Units
Two courses (6 units) from the following may be taken at the 400-crosslisted level (with a grade of B or better) in the senior undergraduate year with the approval of the Director of the Center for Church Leadership.
MACL 502: Spiritual Care
3

This course explores various areas of spiritual care offered by ministry leaders as they serve church members in their individual and corporate needs. The application of God's Word and the assurance of his grace is stressed as ministers serve in times of crisis, illness, grief and also in joyful life events. Application will be made in fieldwork or internship churches.

MACL 530: Communicating the Gospel I
3

This course explores how ministry leaders connect the Word of God to those they serve. Students will learn and apply sound exegetical principles, including how the right distinction of Law and Gospel is essential to effective application of Scripture to people today. Students will analyze texts, prepare presentations that are appropriate to their area of service, and explore effective communication strategies. Application will be made in fieldwork or internship churches.


MACL 531: Communicating the Gospel II
3

This course explores the purpose, function, and structure of Gospel communication in various contexts. Building on MACL 530, it will continue to explore sound exegetical principles in parables, miracles, and Old Testament texts. Students will analyze texts, prepare presentations that are appropriate to their area of service, and explore creative illustration of biblical themes. Application will be made in fieldwork or internship churches. Prerequisite: MACL 530.


TPRC 521: Theology and Practice of Mission
3

This course will root the work of "evangelism/outreach" in a thoroughly biblical view of mission and develop practical outreach methodologies to be used in a Lutheran congregation and/or mission setting as students produce an "educational" plan that will allow the identification, training, and deploying of committed Christian leaders for the growth of Christ's church.


TPRC 540: Entrepreneurial Mission Planting
3

Explores business and entrepreneurial methods as they apply to church planters and new mission starts. Practical emphasis upon understanding entrepreneurial leadership, team ministry, learning from success, dealing with risk, reaching new people, developing marketing materials, financial planning and cash flow, and balancing a busy life will be presented by guest lecturers experienced in entrepreneurial church leadership.


TPRC 542: Christian Worship in Cultural Context
3

This course will examine and assess the historical and theological understanding of worship within the Lutheran context, observing the forms and practice of worship within present, ethnic/multi-cultural communities. Guided by proper theological, historical, and contextual models, students will promote sacramental worship in various, new ethnic/multi-cultural missional settings.


Choose 1 of the following courses:
TEXO 510: Old Testament Book
3

A major Old Testament book is studied in detail to uncover sermonic and Bible study concepts for communication.


TEXN 510: The Synoptic Gospels and Acts
3

This course will offer a comprehensive overview of all isagogical information concerning the Synoptic Gospels and Acts. An individual Gospel will be selected and translated with a focus on the theological meaning, emphasis, and its modern application. Prerequisite: TGRE 502.


TEXN 520: Romans/Pauline Literature
3

This course will offer a comprehensive overview of the Pauline corpus (excluding the prison and pastoral epistles) with an in-depth study of correspondence with one of the congregations including an inspection of the literary, cultural, and structural issues with attention paid to the theological content, meaning, and suggested applications for contemporary issues. Prerequisite: TGRE 502.


TEXN 532: Johannine Corpus
3

This course will offer a comprehensive overview of the Johannine Corpus and an in-depth study of one of the books as the literary genre, exegetical, and interpretational issues are examined and how they enhance one's understanding of the book. Prerequisite: TGRE 502.


TEXN 540: Prison, Pastoral, and General Epistles
3

The course offe