https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/coaching/ma-athletics-administration
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MCAA
Curriculum 
Meet the Team
Alumni
Financial Aid
Coach's Resources 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
Curriculum
MASTER'S IN COACHING & ATHLETICS ADMINISTRATION
MA Curriculum

In other graduate programs in coaching we realized there was a big gap between the learning and the doing. So within our MA in Coaching and Athletics Administration program, we cover a broader spectrum from middle school to collegiate-level curriculum, offer summer intensives where you can focus your training, and include a course to guide you through building a professional portfolio.

CORE REQUIREMENTS
20 Units
MCAA 510: Principles of Coaching and Leadership
4

This foundational course examines the key fundamentals of coaching excellence within five critical domains: Perspective, Purpose, Principles, Provision, and Practices. Students will be equipped to develop and create their own athlete-centered Philosophy of Coaching, including detailing their vision, mission, and values, describing the type and style of coach they are or aspire to become, plans for creating an effective culture, instilling strong character in athletes, and maximizing growth and learning in the classroom and on the field/gym. Emphasis is placed on understanding types of coaching, including transactional, pragmatic, relational, and transformational, and the impact each of these have on young people. Leadership in athletics will be analyzed through the prism of effectively meeting the essential needs of young people while developing and enhancing essential coaching characteristics, skills, and abilities.

MCAA 530: Ethics And Sport
4

This course equips coaches and administrators to make decisions which reflect an awareness of the moral and ethical dimensions of issues encountered in sport, while applying standards of ethics informed by Christian teachings. Students will analyze the relationship between professional responsibility, personal belief, loyalty, honesty and integrity. Students will also review and incorporate research into a thesis, action plan, analysis, project or professional activity in coaching or athletic administration. Finally, students will develop strategies to infuse character development into sport.

MCAA 550: Research Methods and Analysis
4

This course is an intensive course that provides hands-on experience analyzing research studies, interpreting data, designing studies and preparation of APA style research presentations (papers).

MCAA 580: Legal Aspect of Sport
4

The course provides several important legal aspects in sport, athletic administration and coaching. Included will be an analysis of the application of law to sport, liability, negligence law, intentional torts, criminal acts, contract law, gender equity/Title IX, sexual harassment, ADA and related legislation, and sports employment law. Special emphasis is placed on knowing and understanding the Fourteen Legal Duties of Athletic Personnel, and then effectively applying those duties in coaching and competitive situations.

MCAA 595: Culminating Project
4

In this course students will develop a comprehensive portfolio through the application of the knowledge and skills related to the student's specific area of coaching. Concurrent enrollment in other courses is not permitted to ensure the student successfully passes and meets degree program requirements for graduation. Therefore, this class must be taken last. Graduation Application Fee: $185. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.

ELECTIVES *
16 Units
Choose 4 of the following courses:
MCAA 520: Psychology of Coaching
4

This course will examine sport psychology principles applied in a coaching environment, including the concepts of motivation, confidence building, competitive anxiety, communication skills, group processes, and emotional growth.

MCAA 531: Student-Athlete Development and Leadership
4

This course will provide students with insight into the importance of using an athletic program as a vehicle to foster the physical, mental and spiritual development of college athletes. Students will be provided with insight into various leadership styles and techniques that can utilized within an Athletic Department to assure the success in producing competitive programs that foster personal growth of its student-athletes. Particular focus will be placed on assuring physical, mental and spiritual development is integrated into the mission, vision and goals of each program within the Athletic Department. Additional focus will be placed on the importance of fostering development of these three areas within college athletes and to overcome the external factors that can impede this development, including alcohol and drug use, depression and anxiety and lack of support from family and friends.

MCAA 532: Faith-Based Coaching
4

Faith based coaching 