ed benefit, alumni applying for the Master of Science will have the application fee waived.

LEARN MORE

We are pleased to announce our collaboration with the National Strength and Conditioning Association (NSCA) to offer our students graduate credit (MCAA 586) while preparing for the Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (CSCS) certification exam - a coveted credential for those wishing to coach at the NCAA Division I and II levels.

Culminating Project: MA

A distinctive of our master's degree in coaching is the Culminating Project where you curate your professional body of work into a portfolio. As you complete papers, conduct interviews, and give presentations, you will save your work as part of your portfolio. Details about this course will be provided in your very first class to help prepare you in advance for this final course.

The real benefit of the portfolio is realized when you’re ready to level up and you walk into your interview ready. Over and over we hear how our students had a leg up on their competition because they were the only ones in the room with a portfolio of their work and achievements.

Internships

Leverage the MCAA program to gain experience through our MA Internship. Apply your graduate-level training to a job situation while earning elective credits. Here’s what one of our recent grads had to say:

Going into the season, I was interested in learning whether or not I could see myself coaching for the rest of my life. I knew what kind of work, love and dedication it would take, but I had yet to experience a complete season as a coach. Through this experience, I can now confidently say that I will pursue baseball coaching as a career. There is no doubt in my mind that coaching is what I want to do for the rest of my life.

— Collin Radack, Spring 2017

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

