evaluation, gender equity, and budget. Currently not offered online.

MCAA 592: Internship*
4

The internship experience benefits the students by allowing them to apply graduate level training in an everyday job situation while continuing to earn college credit. Students will have the opportunity to choose from a variety of internship settings related to coaching or athletic administration. Students are responsible for securing their own internship site and onsite facilitator. Students will be issued a MCAA 592 syllabus of specific assignments and objectives that they will need to complete as separate work for the course. Students must complete three courses of the MCAA program one of which is MCAA 510 Principles of Coaching and Leadership before they are to enroll in MCAA 592 or have ten years of experience in athletics.

*Requires Advisor Approval and Requires Internship Coordinator Approval
-Only one sport-specific class may be taken for elective credit

Questions regarding the course offerings can be directed to Chelsea Mailhiot or Lupe Valdivia, MCAA Academic Advisor.

MCAA Student Handbook

Master of Arts or Master of Science?

The nationally renowned Master of Arts in Coaching and Athletics Administration (MCAA) program has expanded to offer a Master of Science degree. Both degrees are part of the MCAA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Master of Arts

A Master of Arts degree option focuses on the practical application of knowledge in the academic discipline of coaching and athletics administration. This option has been in existence since 2005 and is uniquely designed for working professionals.

The Master of Arts program offers a wide variety of elective opportunities. These opportunities include sport specific courses designed to ensure academic and professional expertise in coaching and athletics administration.

One distinctive element of the Master of Arts program is the opportunity to participate in an internship – a supervised educational work experience that allows you to apply the theories of what you are learning in a practical setting.

MSCE graduates who previously earned an M.S. can now earn the Master of Arts to advance their careers in positions that require coaching and athletics administration with only 5 additional classes (4 MA electives and MCAA 596 Culminating Project).

Building on the 16 units of core courses that you already completed to earn your M.S., you will only need to complete 16 additional MA elective units ( 4 classes) and a new 4-unit Culminating Project course (MCAA 596) which is based on your MA second degree to earn your M.A. A total of only 5 new classes or 20 units. All coursework can be completed fully online in as little as 9 months. Start dates for the M.A. program operate under the same quarterly time-frames. As an added benefit, alumni applying for the Master of Arts second degree will have the application fee waived.

Master of Science

A Master of Science degree option incorporates the exercise sciences into the curriculum. Earning the Master of Science will expand employment opportunities for MCAA graduates to advance their careers in positions that require a science-based degree.

Consult your MCAA academic advisor to find out which degree program works best for you.

MCAA graduates who previously earned an M.A. can now earn the Master of Science to advance their careers in positions that require a science-based degree with only 5 additional classes (4 MS electives and MSCE 596 Culminating Project).

Building on the 16 units of core courses that you already completed to earn your M.A., you will only need to complete 16 additional elective units ( 4 classes) and a new 4-unit Culminating Project course (MSCE 596) which is based on your MS second degree to earn your M.S. A total of only 5 new classes or 20 units. All coursework can be completed fully online in as little as 9 months. Start dates for the M.S. program operate under the same quarterly time-frames. As an added benefit, alumni applying for the Master of Science will have the application fee waived.

LEARN MORE

We are pleased to announce our collaboration with the National Strength and Conditioning Association (NSCA) to offer our students graduate credit (MCAA 586) while preparing for the Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (CSCS) certification exam - a coveted credential for those wishing to coach at the NCAA Division I and II levels.

Culminating Project: MA

A distinctive of our master's degree in coaching is the Culminating Project where you curate your professional body of work into a portfolio. As you complete papers, conduct interviews, and give presentations, you will save your work as part of your portfolio. Details about this course will be provided in your very first class to help prepare you in advance for this final course.

The real benefit of the portfolio is realized when you’re ready to level up and you walk into your interview ready. Over and over we hear how o