ated hitter Cooper Moore was named to the All-Region Second Team by the D2CCA, ABCA and NCBWA.

In 2018, the baseball squad had an overall record of 22-28 and went 19-21 in conference.

In 2017, he led the Eagles to 22 wins with three All-PacWest selections. Ryan Land was named CoSIDA Academic All-Region and received the Concordia Athletics Academic Achievement Award. The previous year, the team won 21 games in the PacWest and also had three All-PacWest selections. During the 2018 campaign, the Eagles won 22 games and sophomore shortstop Haloa Dudoit was named All-PacWest.

Prior to joining the Concordia coaching staff, Turgeon spent the 2007 and 2008 campaigns as an assistant for Cal State Fullerton head coaches George Horton and Dave Serrano. Turgeon also spent the summer of 2007 as a pitching coach for the Texas Collegiate League's Duncanville Deputies.

Turgeon played five years (including one as a redshirt) as an outfielder for the Cal State Fullerton Titans, who captured the NCAA national championship title in 2004.

He graduated from Cal State Fullerton in 2006 with his bachelor's degree in kinesiology. He completed his master's degree in coaching and athletic administration from Concordia in the summer of 2013.

The MCAA Program has always been close to my heart because of the values and the people associated with MCAA for years now. I feel grateful for the opportunity to be with such a great program and the future of our Coaching community.

Vieselmeyer, Dian
714-305-0881
dian.vieselmeyer@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dian Vieselmeyer earned a BS in elementary education (1970) and an MA as a reading specialist (1983) from Concordia Teachers College, Seward, Nebraska, and is a candidate for an EDD in Educational Leadership. She has served in elementary classrooms in Springfield, Illinois, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and Gainesville, Florida. From 1979 to 1985, Dian served at Concordia Teachers College in Seward, Nebraska as an instructor, creating the Learning Center and academic support services.

At Concordia University Irvine, Dian coordinated the freshman program, the college orientation course, and academic support services from 1986 to 1996. She served as the Director of Academic Advising (1990-2013) and Dean of Student Success (2013 - 2018). As a coach's wife for 40+ years and the mother of sons who played football, baseball, and basketball from the ages of 7 and 10, Dian understands coaching and athletics. In 2018, she transitioned to the Master of Arts in Coaching and Athletic Administration, where she taught MCAA/MSCE 595 Culminating Project since 2011.

Dian has conducted workshops and retreats for faculties in elementary and high schools, retreats for women’s ministries, co-leads parent workshops, and served as a consultant/trainer to colleges and universities for Noel Levitz USA, nationally known for recruitment and retention. Student success, retention, and academic support are Dian’s passions, and hospitality is her gift. From 1986 to 2019, thousands of students – football players, first-year college students, college grads, and MCAA/MSCE students and graduates – have been at the Vieselmeyers’ for dinner and ice cream dessert.

Dean and Dian live in Tustin, CA, and have two sons. Brent and his wife, Marnie, and daughters Payton (15) and Quinn (12) live in Falls Church, VA, where Brent is a defensive position coach for the Washington Football Team, and Marnie is an executive for Quest Diagnostics. Brad and Dana live in Midland, TX, with sons Garin (12) and Owen (10). Brad is an engineer and Operations Support Manager for the Mid-Continent Business Unit with Chevron, and Dana is a registered nutritionist and dietician.

One of the most rewarding experiences is partnering with students in the capstone course, MSCE 595 Culminating Project as they complete their Professional Portfolio. To labor and celebrate with them is an honor and a privilege!

Weatherford, Allison
619-520-9186
allison.weatherford@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Allison Weatherford has been involved in athletics for over 20 years working with athletes from the high school to elite, Paralympic and Olympic level.  In high school, she was a state champion alpine skiing student-athlete and continued to be a member of the ski team in college at the University of New Hampshire where she earned her B.S. in Kinesiology – Athletic Training.  As a certified athletic trainer, she has worked at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, CA with a variety of sports, coaches and athletes including U.S. Soccer, USA Softball, USA Track & Field, US Bobsled, US Rowing, and USA Archery as well as at the U.S. Ski Team in Park City, UT with the Disabled Alpine Team as a coach and athletic trainer.  She was a member of the USA Medical staff for the 2002 Paralympic Games in Salt Lake City, UT, the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, Greece working with the Gold Medal Women’s Softball Team and the 2006 Paralympic Games in Tor