djunct Instructor
Biography

Mark Baines (M.S., M.B.A.) received his Bachelor of Business Administration Degree (BBA) in Business Management in from Gonzaga University. He also obtained secondary teaching certification in social studies at Gonzaga and secondary teaching certification in English from the University of Washington. He obtained his Master of Science Degree (MS) in Exercise Science and Health Promotion from the California University of Pennsylvania and received his Master of Business Administration Degree (MBA) in the Executive MBA Program at California State University, Fullerton with an emphasis in finance and marketing. He was a junior high school teacher, high school basketball coach, cross-country and track coach before working as a vocational educator of fitness & exercise professionals.

Education

M.B.A – California State University, Fullerton, 2008
M.S. – California University of Pennsylvania, 2006

Barnes, Brian
951-440-1466
brian.barnes@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Brian Barnes grew up in Riverside, CA and attended Arlington High School. He was an avid sports fan and played on the football team. In the hopes of being a high school coach, Brian attended the California State Polytechnic University Pomona and earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Pure Mathematics.

Since his graduation from Cal Poly, Brian has been a teacher and coach at West Covina High School in West Covina, California, serving as an assistant coach for both football and baseball, and teaching mathematics from Pre-Algebra to AP Statistics. In 2014, Brian was able to transition to a co-Athletic Director role, overseeing half of the sports on campus. In 2017, Brian took over the entire athletic department for WCHS, and still serves in this role full-time. Brian also serves as an assistant coach, working with the varsity baseball pitchers and catchers, and the junior varsity girls golf team. Brian also furthered his education by earning his Masters of Arts Degree in Coaching and Athletics Administration at Concordia University Irvine in 2019. In his time as an athletic director, he has become involved in his local, state and national athletic administrator associations. He is currently the president of the Foothill Citrus AD Association, and the league coordinator for the Valle Vista League in the San Gabriel Valley area.

I loved my time going through the MCAA program because of how many of the assignments could be directly applied to my job as an athletic director and coach. I also enjoyed all the required texts, relating the different stories and theories to my current positions. Now as a faculty member, I am most excited about continuing my learning through the students in my classes.

Begany, Edward
562-900-7756
edward.begany@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Edward Begany is an educator with over 30 years of coaching experience. He received his B.A. Degree in Physical Education from Whittier College as well as a Master of Science from National University. Mr. Begany also received his single subject teaching credential from National University and his administrative clear credential from UC Irvine. Mr. Begany is currently the Assistant principal in charge of Athletics and Guidance at El Toro High School. He is very proud of the fact that he has coached for 28 years. Mr. Begany has coached at Mater Dei H.S., Fairmont Prep H.S., St. Paul H.S., La Habra H.S., Warren H.S. and Whittier College. Mr. Begany served as the Strength coach at all of his coaching stints. He is USA certified. He is very proud of his 6 CIF Championships and a National Championship from Mater Dei H.S. Mr. Begany has also coached basketball, soccer, track and field, baseball and softball. He worked for Kevin McNair, a nationally recognized conditioning coach. Mr. Begany was responsible for training professional athletes and athletes preparing for the combines. While working for Kevin McNair he was responsible for the Dodger’s strength training program from the farm systems to the big leagues.

Bennett, Douglas
714-432-5126
douglas.bennett@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Doug Bennett is the Executive Director of College Advancement at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa.

His responsibilities include overseeing the fundraising and development activities for OCC, supervising the college's public relations and marketing team and serving as the director for OCC's weekend Swap Meet. He has been employed at OCC since 1986 and during that time he has had extensive involvement with the college's athletic program including being involved in fundraising and management of capital projects for OCC’s athletic program, supporting and supervising athletic events including state championships hosted by the college, providing advice and counsel to coaches and staff on athletic fundraising activities. He has also been involved in OCC's nationally recognized sailing and marine program, working on a variety of interesting donations and