y discovered what an extraordinary program for equipping and empowering athletic leaders Tom had created, and feel very privileged to build on the legacy Tom established and Tony continued. And to carry on that legacy within the framework of Concordia’s Great Commission and Christ-centered Mission makes this a blessing and responsibility that I deeply appreciate and fully embrace. Concordia University’s unwavering commitment to empower students for lives of learning, service, and leadership while standing on grace alone and faith alone as the core of who we are is exactly what we seek to reflect in the MCAA student experience.

Jim and his wife Betsy have one daughter, Caroline, and reside in Anaheim, CA.

Mailhiot, Chelsea
949-214-3828
chelsea.mailhiot@cui.edu
Associate Director
Biography

Chelsea joined the MCAA team in September of 2008. She currently serves as the Associate Director within the MA and MS programs for MCAA as well as a consultant to the MCAA Advising Department. Prior to this role, she served as MCAA Academic Advisor where she worked with students from the day they enroll in the program up to the day of graduation. She has served as a Culminating Project Instructor for students working on their Portfolios throughout her employment at CUI.

She formerly worked as a graduate advisor for M.A., M.S., and PsyD programs at an online university. She received her undergraduate degree from Indiana University of Pennsylvania where she majored in education and ran four years of varsity NCAA Division II cross country and track earning “All-East” runner and Academic All-American titles. In addition, she holds an M.A. degree from Seton Hill University in Greensburg, PA, and an M.S. from Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, PA.

Chelsea served two years working on campus at Concordia and has been working remotely from Florida since 2010. She enjoys running in local 5ks, 10ks, and half marathons and plays recreational tennis. She volunteers for a national organization where she pushes special needs athlete riders in local 5k events to help ensure inclusion for all in endurance events.

Coaches throughout my athletic career have made a huge impact on me and have always had a special place in my heart. In return, I am honored to serve future coaches by impacting them within a faith-based institution. It is rewarding to see students graduate with a fresh perspective on coaching and a foundation based on grace, faith, and love.

Short, Rochelle
949-214-3816
rochelle.short@cui.edu
Senior Coordinator of Program Outreach, MCAA
Biography

Rochelle is the new Senior Coordinator for the MCAA graduate program. Rochelle holds a Bachelor's degree in Industrial Organizational Psychology from Point Loma Nazarene University and graduated in 2017 from CUI’s MCAA program. She served in multiple departments at the high school level, originally as the girls Head Volleyball Coach at Rancho Christian High School. In addition to the girls program she developed and built the boys volleyball program serving as the programs first Head Coach as well. Rochelle also embraced a Faculty role in the Humanities Department, teaching business, economics and physical education. In her final appointment at Rancho, Rochelle served as the RCHS Eagles High School and Middle School Athletic Director. Under her leadership the private school was an Inland Empire powerhouse in many sports competing against Division I public schools.

Prior to her contributions at RCHS she served as the Head Women’s Volleyball Coach for the Sea Lions of Point Loma Nazarene University (PLNU), where she led the Sea Lions to three consecutive NAIA National Tournament berths in Sioux City, IA. She also served as a member of the research committee that ultimately recommended PLNU to change athletic affiliations from the NAIA to NCAA Division II.

As a collegiate athlete Rochelle played volleyball for California State University, Fullerton and Point Loma Nazarene University where she earned All-American honors in both her Junior (06) and Senior (07) years. As a Crusader (currently Sea Lions) of PLNU she led the team to three National Tournament appearances, including earning a Final Four finish in 2005.

I am excited to be a part of this phenomenal staff and faculty. My passion for sports, coaching, Jesus Christ and serving others is a great marriage with the vision and core values which serve as the heartbeat of Concordia. I feel a strong call to serve coaches and leaders in this capacity and cherish this opportunity and blessing to contribute to the Christ-centered Mission of CUI as well as the MCAA program in equipping and empowering leaders in athletics to transform lives.

Rochelle and her husband Mark have four children, Brooke, Bryce, Ryleigh and Chandler and reside in Canyon Lake, CA.

Valdivia, Lupe
949-214-3829
lupe.valdivia@cui.edu
Academic Advisor
Biography

Lupe Valdivia joined the MCAA team in 2014. She serves as the Senior Academic Advisor and Internship Coo