ess to grab a National Championship in 2021 and backed that up with a second-place finish in 2022 and 2023.

During her time at VU, she has coached 15 STUNT All-Americans and 19 STUNT Scholar Athletes.

Prior to Vanguard:
Allen has a wealth of coaching experience, having spent the last seventeen years as head cheer coach at St. John's Lutheran School in Orange, Orange Lutheran High School, Cypress High School, and Ouachita Baptist University in Arkansas.

Allen returns to her roots in Orange County after spending the last two years at Ouachita Baptist University (OBU). In her first year at OBU, she took the Tigers to compete in their first-ever stunt meet. OBU won each of the games that were played and based on their scores at that meet, was ranked 6th nationally in Division II at the end of the stunt season. Before heading to OBU, Allen spent three years at Cypress High School. She took a non-competitive team and made a winning competitive program, qualifying for finals at USA Nationals in each of her three years. Over the 12 years Allen spent at Orange Lutheran High School, her varsity cheer teams won three National Championships and eight UCA State Championships, as well as regional and invitational state titles. Her teams were also finalists at UCA Nationals in Florida and regularly highlighted on ESPN for the National High School Cheerleading Championship. More than 75% of her senior cheerleaders at Orange Lutheran went on to cheer at the college level, many on an athletic scholarship.

2019 National Coach of the Year

My motto for every team I have ever coached is to “strive for excellence in everything we do.” It is the pursuit of excellence that is the common thread that runs throughout every aspect of my role, as a coach.

Excellence of Preparation. To do what we ask the Cheer team to do requires a commitment to safety, and a dedication to total team preparedness.

Excellence in Character. I strive to create an environment where character is developed. I work hard to instill dedication, discipline, humility, caring, confidence, a supportive and encouraging attitude, as well as a winning attitude and leadership skills, so that the team members have the tools necessary to enable them to be the best they can be, individually and as a team.

Excellence in Academics. The first priority of every member of the team is academics. Part of that process is to maintain as GPA as high as possible. My teams have always had among the highest (if not the highest) GPA of any group on campus, whether in athletics or otherwise.

Excellence in Performance. STUNT requires a level of strength, stamina, discipline and precision that can only be achieved through a commitment to excellence in each of these areas. Competitively, the goal is to win, but to do so with an emphasis on winning the right way; recognizing that everything the team does, the way team members interact with each other, the way the team is perceived by other teams and how the team represents the school are all important factors. Winning the right way requires that the team absolutely conditioned and prepared. The team must be run in a professional, organized manner that optimizes practice time and is respectful of the time the students give to the program, and are focused on accomplishing the goals and image the school directs.

Competition Success. Over the span of my coaching career, my teams have had success. In the 12 years I spent at LHSOC, my varsity cheer teams won a total of 3 National Championships and 8 UCA State Championships, not including the numerous regional and invitational State titles. My teams were finalists at UCA Nationals in Florida in each of the five years we attended and have been highlighted on the ESPN news real for the National High School Cheerleading Championship held in Orlando, Florida for the last two of those five years. Over 75% of the high school senior cheerleaders who have been on my teams have gone on to cheer at the college level, including three on athletic scholarship at the University of Oregon.

During my three year stay at Cypress High School, I took a non-competitive team and made a winning competitive program, qualifying for finals at USA Nationals in each of those three years.

In my first year at OBU, I took a team that was not representative of the type program the school desired and returned them to the level of excellence expected. In the only STUNT games we played (at the University of the Ozarks), we won both games.

Ammann, Ken
714-686-7666
ken.ammann@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

The longest tenured coach in Concordia University Irvine history, Ken Ammann enters his 21st year as head coach of the CUI Eagles men’s basketball program in the fall of 2021.

Concordia's attacking and aggressive style of play has helped Ammann's teams win two NAIA National Championships in four NAIA National Championship appearances. During his tenure, the Eagles have averaged 26 wins a season over the past