8 as head coach. He is currently the Head Coach and Athletics Director at Bishop Amat High School, titles he has held since 2008.

Since 2008 and for the past 15 years, he has led Bishop Amat, with the exception of the spring of 2021 when they played a bizarre shortened 5 game schedule due to Covid, Coach Hagerty has led Bishop Amat to winning seasons and is typically ranked among the elite programs in California while competing in one of the top two football leagues in the state. He has won 5 league championships at Amat and in 2022 made it to the semifinals in Division II. This same season he achieved his 200th "W" as a head football coach. There are a very small percentage of head coaches who ever make it to that landmark number of victories.

He is considered in high school prep football circles to be one of the Top 5 Coaches in So Cal. More importantly, Steve has done a tremendous job of developing young men of stellar character and strong faith.

Personally, Coach Hagerty has been married to his wife for 36 years. Coach resides in Claremont California. They have 6 children and 3 grandchildren.

Hooper, Heath
706-781-5974
heath.hooper@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dr. Heath Hooper has been in Higher Education now for 12 years. He serves as the Dean of the Ledbetter College of Business and Professor of Sport Management at Shorter University.

Dr. Hooper is additionally very involved in his local community as he serves on the Executive Board of Directors for the local Rome Floyd Chamber of Commerce and as the 2022 President of the Board for the Rome Floyd County Commission on Children and Youth. Additionally, Dr. Hooper serves on the executive board for the Rome Floyd Chamber of Commerce. Beginning in January 2024, Dr. Hooper will serve as the Chairman of the Board. Dr. Hooper has been recognized within the community as Young Professional of the Year and has been nominated for “Best of Rome for 2023” as best professor.

Dr. Hooper was elected in 2023 as a Board Member for Commission of Sport Management Accreditation Association. Dr. Hooper has been involved in numerous publications and presentations. See below:

Dr. Hooper is an alum of the MCAA program at CUI-Irvine in which he completed the program in 2011. Dr. Hooper has served as an adjunct instructor since 2016 in which he instructs the 550 graduate research methods course for the MCAA/MSCE programs.

NATIONAL PRESENTATIONS

Applied Sport Management Association (ASMA) Conference - Baton Rouge, LA: 2016 Topic: “Lack of Social Media Policy in NCAA Athletic Departments”
Indiana University Pennsylvania Sport Business Conference – Indiana, PA: 2016 – Topic: “Identifying the Significance of Cultural Diversity in Advising Student-Athletes” National Alliance of Social Work in Sports Conference – Atlanta, GA: 2016 – Topic: “Learning Disabilities Amongst Today’s NCAA Student-Athletes”
Map for Success: Learning Improvement for Traditional College Students – Rome, GA 2016 – Shorter University
Applied Sport Management Association (ASMA) Conference – Baton Rouge, LA: 2017 Topic: “NCAA Power Five Conference Autonomy: A Case Study on the Rise and Fall of NCAA Division I College & University Profit”
Commission of Sport Management Association Conference – Tampa, FL: 2017 – Topic: "Best Practices in Assessment in Sport Management Education."
North American Society for Sport Management – Denver, CO: 2017 – Topic: "An Investigation of the Role of Communication Privacy Management Theory in the Development of NCAA Division I Social Media Policies”
Commission of Sport Management Association Conference – Atlanta, GA: 2018 – Topic: “Incorporating Practicality within the Sport Management Curriculum”
Commission of Sport Management Association Conference – Baton Rouge, LA. 2020 – Panel Discussion – Lead Moderator – “Sport Management on the Rise”
Commission of Sport Management Association Conference – Baton Rouge, LA 2020 – Topic: “Corruptive Recruiting Practices between Collegiate and Grassroots Program”
Commission of Sport Management Association Conference – Virtual – 2021 – Panel Presentation – Topic: “The current impact and effect COVID-19 has had on Colleges and Universities”
Applied Sport Management Association Conference – Virtual – 2021 – Topic: “A theoretical perspective of the application of communication privacy management theory applied to NCAA intercollegiate athletics”
Applied Sport Management Association Conference – Virtual – 2021 – Topic: “The “Whole” Student-Athlete: Addressing the Importance of Mental Health
North American Society for Sport Management (NASSM) – Panel Presentation – 2022 – Administrators in Sport Management.
Hooper, H., Ross, M. & Conkle, K. – 2023 - The Application and Understanding of Effective Academic Advising Strategies of NCAA Student-Athletes. Applied Sport Management Association Conference. Birmingham, Alabama.
Ross, M., Hooper, H. & Conkle, K. - 2023 - Fostering Best Practices and Intentional Experiential Learning Opportun