er members for many years. Additionally, Jim continues to serve the CCCADA and NATYCAA as a retired past president and both will continue to speak on generational differences and athletics administration through their consulting firm. He also sits on the MJCAA Foundation Board. Both are now charter board of trustee members of Global Parity Foundation, providing health services to women and children in rural areas of Nepal. Finally, while continuing to deliver workshops, presentations, and consulting for athletics and education and amassing more information on generations and instruction, in their free time, both volunteer at various organizations around whatever area they are living, which happens to be Tucson, Arizona. As time permits, they are avid world-wide travelers, having accumulated many friendships around the globe.

For more information you may contact Sherry at: sherry.forkum@cui.edu or via phone at 916.847.9974.

Galloway, Carl
760-845-9291
carl.galloway@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Carl Galloway is an alum of Biola University with a major in Kinesiology and an MA from the MCAA program at Concordia. He played baseball for Biola University and was drafted by the Philadelphia Phillies. Galloway began as a strength and conditioning coach at Whittier Christian High School. He later served as the Associate Athletic Director and Director of Sports Performance at Orange Lutheran High School. Currently, Carl serves as Assistant Principal and Athletic Director at Vista Murrieta High School. He lives in Murrieta, CA, with his wife Carrie, his sons Tyson and Carl III, and his daughter Jadyn.

Serving within the MCAA program has allowed me to lead and equip others while continuing to challenge and grow myself.

Glabb, Scott
714-546-4682
scott.glabb@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Head Wrestling Coach
Biography

Scott grew up in the state of Washington. He graduated in 1980 from Evergreen High School in Vancouver, Washington. Thereafter, he attended Pacific University in Forest Grove, Oregon, where he wrestled for two seasons. He then transferred to Eastern Washington University in Cheney, Washington, and wrestled for two years and coached one season. He graduated in 1985 with a bachelor’s degree in speech communication and education. He also holds a bachelor’s degree in English from California State University, Long Beach and a master’s degree in athletic administration from Concordia University. In the fall of 1990, he took his teaching and coaching skills to Santa Ana High School at a time when the sport was struggling dismally to gain the respect of the Orange County Wrestling community. In 1993, he guided the Saints to their first league championship than to a further twenty-six straight league titles. Glabb’s teams have also won thirteen CIF (California Interscholastic Federation) titles.

He has, to date, compiled an overall record of 414 wins and 71 losses. He has coached thirty-six individual CIF champions, sixty-six state qualifiers, and eighteen state place winners. The teams best finish was in 1999 when they placed 4th in the California State Championships and won the southern section Masters Meet. Aside from these accomplishments, he is extremely proud of two national championship wrestlers he has coached, Tony Perez (1998) and José De Leon (1999). Also, an alumnus of Glabb’s is professional mixed martial arts fighter Gilbert “El Niño” Melendez who holds a world championship belt at 155 pounds and now fights for the UFC (Ultimate Fighting Championships).

The program had their first California State Champion in the history of the school this past season (2017-2018). Joey Daniel accomplished the feat at 220lbs. He was also a 3x CIF Champion, A Masters Champion, 2x Masters Meet Runner-up and was 2nd at the NHSCA National Championships in Virginia Beach, VA.

With girls wrestling as one of the fastest-growing sports in California, the Santa Ana girl's wrestling team has had the parallel success that of the boy's team with a 2nd place finish at state in 2013, 4th in state 2012 and a 6th place finish in 2014. The girl's program has 2 state champions, 11 state place winners, 5 CIF Champions and 4 All-Americans.

Glabb is currently a member of the Orange County Wrestling Coaches Association and a was member of the CIF Wrestling Advisory Committee from 1998 to 2019.

In 2010 Glabb published a book called " A Saint in the City." It is the story of the individual journeys of a young coach who was clinically depressed who found a generation of equally lost kids and how they each found inner strength to fight day after day on and off the wrestling mat while everyone else was saying it was impossible to succeed. Lesson Plans & Curriculum are now available that align with the book and can be used as a supplemental resource for the classroom.

Glabb has been an adjunct professor for the Masters in Coaching and Athletic Administration program through Concordia University since 2011. In 2016, He cr