university, “guided by the Great Commission of Christ Jesus and the Lutheran Confessions to empower students through the liberal arts and professional studies for lives of learning, service and leadership.” So when I first heard about the MCAA program that CUI was developing I realized the impact that this curriculum could have on the coaching profession when this mission stated would be applied. I am humbled and feel honored to be a part of the program, developing and teaching the online Psychology of Coaching class.

Curtis, Christy
949-303-8265
christy.curtis@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Christy Curtis is an Adjunct Professor of the Concordia Masters of Arts in Coaching and Athletic Administration program. She completed her undergraduate degree in English Literature and Master’s degree in Education Administration from the University of Redlands. During this time she was a member of the women’s basketball program and is a current committee member for the University of Redlands athletic hall of fame. After college, she started her teaching/coaching career in high school athletics and Athletic Directorship in Banning, CA. Her passion for teaching and coaching volleyball, basketball, and softball took her to Howard High School in Maryland before returning to California to accept the Athletic Director position at Capistrano Valley High School in Orange County, CA. While at Capistrano Valley High School she taught English, Physical Education, coached girl’s basketball, and served as an Interim Assistant Principal. In addition to these duties, she has also been the PE department chair for the past four years. As the boys and girls Athletic Director for eight years, she has authored two district high school athletic coaching handbooks with an emphasis on principles of coaching and leadership. Under her tenure, she helped guide and shape twenty-six varsity athletic programs, over one hundred coaching staff members, and 1,500 student-athletes yearly. Christy has also been an involved member of the CIF-Southern Section, serving on both Athletic Administration and Technology committees. In addition to her role as a high school physical educator, she is a published author and teaches adult professional development. Christy is actively connected with the yoga and mindfulness community of Orange County as a leader of workshops, trainings for athletes, and studio instruction.

I appreciate the dedication of coaches and future administrative leaders of athletics who are willing to grow, learn, and implement their skills to better shape our future. I like being able to get to know each student on a personal level and support them to achieve their goals. 

Davis, Mark
281-381-8781
mark.davis1@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Mark Davis received his teaching certificate from Concordia Teachers College in Seward, Nebraska. He later earned a Master's degree in Educational Administration from Azusa Pacific University in Southern California. His teaching experience includes middle/high school ministry in Arkansas and Hawaii. While in Hawaii, Mark also served as an elementary principal at St. Mark Lutheran School in Kaneohe and was assistant basketball coach at Hawaii Loa College.

Mark's experience includes ministry with the Lutheran Church Foundation and a home-builder in Tennessee. Mark has over thirty years of high school coaching experience in both football and basketball, and served as Athletic Director at Lutheran High School of Hawaii, Orange Lutheran High School in California and Concordia Lutheran High School in Texas. Mark and his wife Jean have been married for 34 years and they have two children.

Dohling, Brent
949-374-7236
brent.dohling@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Brent Dohling was born in Arcadia, California. In his early childhood, Brent sat on the bench during varsity boys' basketball games as he watched his Dad serve as head coach for the Arcadia Apaches. Years later, Brent attended Arcadia High School where he was a 3x letterman in both basketball and baseball that included three straight league titles in baseball. Brent earned San Gabriel Valley All-Area recognition in basketball (2002) and baseball (2001,2002) as well as 1st team All-CIF honors for baseball. He was also named "Athlete of the Year" in 2002.

After graduating high school, Brent pursued baseball at Citrus Community College in Azusa, CA., where they won the Western State Conference South Division. Brent then accepted a baseball scholarship to Concordia University Irvine where he helped lead Concordia to the NAIA 2006 World Series. He ranks second in school history in doubles (48) and extra-base hits (66). Brent received his B.A., M.A., and Secondary Teaching Credential from Concordia University Irvine. He graduated from the Masters in Coaching & Athletic Administration program in 2010.

After serving as the graduate assistant baseball coach at Concordia University in 2008 and varsity assistant coaching positions