anghai, in Shanghai China, where she serves as the athletic trainer and wellness coordinator.

In her free time Jenn enjoys traveling around the world, hiking, biking and exploring Shanghai.

Teaching
MCAA 570 Sport Medicine and Performance
Roberts, K. Tracy
 
kevin.roberts@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Professor
Biography

K. Tracy Roberts holds a B.A. in Social Sciences from CSU Sacramento as well as Teaching Credential and Masters Degree in Education from National University. Tracy is also a certified Professional Golfers' Association (PGA) Class A Teaching Professional.

"Coach" has been dedicated to young athletes coaching golf and other sports at the championship level for over three decades. He recently retired from Woodbridge High School in Irvine where he taught Economics and Political Science and was the head coach of both golf teams. He finished with over 600 Team victories, Individual State and CIF Champions and 3 CIF Team Championships including a Back2Back. His Warriors were also CIF Runner-Up 4 times. His teams won 20 Team League Championships, and over 80% of his teams went to the playoffs during his tenure. Tracy has been elected to the Woodbridge Warrior Athletics Hall of Fame.

“Coach” is the author of Play REAL Golf, a successful instructional manual that helps golfers improve their emotional mechanics. He has provided private instruction for over many decades. Through his years of experience, he has successfully shared and coached the game of golf with people of all backgrounds from across the world.

Beyond his role as an author, he is a nationally recognized broadcast personality, offering his insight and golf tips as a co-host of the Livin' The Good Life Show on the Tee it Up Radio Network, one of America’s most popular golf radio shows.

Tracy lives in Mission Viejo, Ca., with his wife of thirty-six years. He has two daughters and a grandson.

I am proud to be a member of the MCAA team. This dynamic program is distinctive in the amount and kinds of meaningful learning interactions. It is committed to those who wish to positively impact society, especially young people, through athletics.

Roelen, Troy
949-597-9255
troy.roelen@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Troy joined the MCAA team in August of 2014. He serves as a Culminating Project Advisor for students working on their Portfolios. Troy received his undergraduate degree from Pitzer College, Claremont where he majored in English and World Literature and competed as a collegiate basketball player for the Sagehens. In addition, he holds an M.A. degree from Concordia University Irvine from the MCAA program and a Clear Clad Teaching Credential from National University. Troy is an AP/IB English teacher at Mission Viejo High School, serves as the school's sole Athletic Director, and serves as the Assistant Principal of Athletics. Currently, Troy is completing his 2nd Master's degree and Administrative Credential at Concordia.

Troy loves "the blending of athletics and academics within the MCAA program as he 'coaches' students to become transformational leaders beyond the stadiums, courts, and fields."

Rose, Mark
805-286-8622
mark.rose@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Mark has been with the MCAA program for over 10 years and presently teaches both the MCAA 510 and the MCAA 560 courses along with advising with the MCAA 595 Portfolio students. He brings over 38 years of teaching, coaching and athletic administrative experience to the program. Prior to his seventeen year stent as an Athletic Director, Mark served many years as one of the youngest high school division one head football coaches in Southern California history (at the time). He was awarded the All Southern Coast Football Coach of the Year in 1991. He has served on multiple high school athletic governance committees including the State of California Athletic Administrator's Committee, and ten years as a central coast representative on the C.I.F.- Southern Section Executive Committee. He has taught similar courses at both Cal State University Long Beach and Cal Poly San Luis Obispo State University. Mark presently lives in Paso Robles, California with his wife Robin, and is active in the Lutheran church in that area.

I love the MCAA Graduate Program mainly because it richly supplies each student with the tools necessary to be successful in whatever facet of Athletic Administration and Coaching they choose.

Rosenthal, Crystal
949-214-3223
crystal.rosenthal@cui.edu
MCAA Faculty
Head Coach - 6th Season
Biography

Crystal Rosenthal brings in a record of 238-61 to her sixth campaign as head coach after winning an NAIA National Championship in 2013.

In 2013 she led the Eagles to the program's first NAIA National Championship with a 52-3 record. Rosenthal was voted NAIA and GSAC Coach of the Year, becoming the first Concordia softball coach to earn the national award, and garnering her second-straight GSAC COY honor. Her 2013 squad won their second-straight GSAC Champion