chool where he was a 3x letterman in both basketball and baseball that included three straight league titles in baseball. Brent earned San Gabriel Valley All-Area recognition in basketball (2002) and baseball (2001,2002) as well as 1st team All-CIF honors for baseball. He was also named "Athlete of the Year" in 2002.

After graduating high school, Brent pursued baseball at Citrus Community College in Azusa, CA., where they won the Western State Conference South Division. Brent then accepted a baseball scholarship to Concordia University Irvine where he helped lead Concordia to the NAIA 2006 World Series. He ranks second in school history in doubles (48) and extra-base hits (66). Brent received his B.A., M.A., and Secondary Teaching Credential from Concordia University Irvine. He graduated from the Masters in Coaching & Athletic Administration program in 2010.

After serving as the graduate assistant baseball coach at Concordia University in 2008 and varsity assistant coaching positions at Aliso Niguel HS and San Clemente HS, Brent accepted the position of Physical Education teacher and Varsity Head Baseball Coach at Tarbut V Torah (TVT) Community Day School in Irvine, CA. in 2010. In 2012, Brent became the high school Athletic Director at TVT and later named the first K-12 Director of Athletics in 2014. Brent was a 4x Coach of the Year within the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) during his tenure at TVT.

In 2019, Brent accepted the position of Assistant Principal of Athletics & 11/12 Discipline at Mission Viejo High School. In the summer of 2021, Brent was promoted to serve as the Coordinator of Athletics, PE and Health for Saddleback Valley Unified School District.

In addition, he belongs to the California State Athletic Director Association (CSADA) and Orange Country Athletic Director Association (OCADA). Also, he serves on the CIFSS Public/Private Committee.

Brent resides in Ladera Ranch, CA with his beautiful wife, Carin, and their three daughters, Emery, Kinsley, and Taylor. The Dohling family are active members at Faith Lutheran Church in Capistrano Beach, CA.

The MCAA program provides a platform for personal and professional growth. The variety of courses and collaborative learning environment equip graduates with a toolbox of resources to develop a positive culture successfully. The program also forces us to examine our "why," which leads us to reflect on how we can better serve others both inside and outside the lines.

Duplantis, Lauren
601-466-5721
lauren.duplantis@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

I'm pleased to be a member of the MCAA team. My background in sport includes playing women's basketball at the University of Utah where I earned All-American honors. Following a brief stint in professional basketball in Athens, Greece, I continued my education at The University of Southern Mississippi where I completed my MS in Sport Administration and my PhD in Human Performance & Recreation while fulfilling Graduate Assistant duties in the Golden Eagle athletic department. I was fortunate to use my experience at Southern Miss in developing my dissertation research, A System for Evaluating Emergency Response Capabilities at a University Sporting Venue. Prior to university teaching, I spent six and half years as a teacher, coach and athletic director in the Forsyth County School System in Cumming, GA. I enjoy using my different roles and perspectives in sport to compliment my teaching in the classroom!

Forkum, James
949-214-3576
james.forkum@cui.edu
MCAA Staff, Director of Collegiate Recruitment and Retention
Biography

Concordia University Irvine Master's Degree in Coaching and Athletic Administration Program (MCAA) proudly announces the addition of Dr. James Forkum to its staff. Dr. Forkum (Jim) has had a stellar career spanning 44 years as a teacher, professor, men's basketball coach, academic and athletic administrator, college admissions director, and speaker on adult learning theory and generational differences. He no sooner joined the staff when he was named the National Community College Athletic Director of the Year. The MCAA Program is delighted to welcome him as the National Director of Collegiate Recruitment and Retention.

Jim recently served as Santa Rosa Junior College's Dean of Instruction in Kinesiology, Athletics, and Dance, and Director of Athletics. He oversaw a large academic program offering over 230 different course offerings and supervised a teaching staff of fifteen full time teaching faculty and over 50 part-time instructors. As Dean of Instruction, Jim routinely supervised all facets of the total operation of the division including major and certificate development, curriculum development, course scheduling, and faculty/staff evaluations.

As Director of Athletics, Jim had responsibilities for 20 sport programs, (one of California's largest) as well as seven club sports. Jim administered the athletic participation of over 500 student-athletes and club participa