date at Concordia University Chicago where she will earn her Ed.D. in Sports Leadership in 2023. Sarah has been involved in sports on all sides of the ball, as an athlete, coach, director, and now instructor at CUI. As a high school athlete, Sarah was the Hawaii BIIF “ Player of the Year", and went on to become a member of the 2003-2004 University of Oregon Women's Volleyball team as a starting outside hitter. Sarah earned PAC-10 freshman team and First Team All PAC-10 Conference honors her freshman and sophomore year. Sarah then transferred back to her home state Hawaii where she played for the University of Hawaii Rainbow Wahine. Sarah earned All WAC 1st team honors her Junior and Senior season, WAC Tournament All Star, and AVCA All Region and All-American honors as a senior in 2006. As a freshman Sarah led the Pac-10 in Aces per game, and held the Aces per game record at University of Hawaii her senior season. Concluding her athletic career Sarah’s has been a coach at various volleyball clubs, and high schools throughout California and Hawaii. Sarah’s passion for coaching stems from the immense connection Sarah made with sport at a young age as she fell in love with the game of volleyball, which changed the trajectory of her life. Sarah has had professional playing opportunities, and collegiate coaching opportunities but her passion for the youth led her to founding and directing her Non Profit 501(c) 3 Organization First Love Sports. FLS mission is to bridge the gap between accessibility and opportunity for all youth to participate in sport. FLS believes in Transformational Coaching in developing a love of sport by focusing on the process over the product to improve youth as people first and athletes second, and emphasizing total athlete development. As an Instructor Sarah's educational focus and research centers around promoting and leading organizational change, Leadership theory and practice, and diversity in sports as a foundation for building a sustainable equitable sports culture. The former Sarah Mason and her husband, Zurich Solomon, have four children and reside in Trabuco Canyon, CA.

What I love about the MCAA/MSCE Program is it allows me to culminate my passion for sports into a focused career. CUI’s MCAA/MSCE program is a transformational learning experience for all sports enthusiasts to develop a vocation in the sport industry, in a challenging, supportive, and christ centered learning environment.

Staunton, James
949-214-3268
jim.staunton@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Western Regional Coordinator for Recruitment and Retention
MCAA 550 Research Methods
Culminating Project Advisor
Biography

Dr. Staunton previously worked as a secondary school administrator in the Huntington Beach Union High School District, where he served in a variety of administrative roles culminating as principal of Huntington Beach High School. During his tenure as principal he served as re-leaguing chair for Orange County on behalf of CIF Southern Section. Upon the retirement of Dean Crowley as Commissioner, CIF Southern Section, Dr. Staunton became only the eighth commissioner in the Section’s 100-year history. He served for twelve years. During that time he established programs to teach sportsmanship, ethical behavior, and positive coaching techniques. Dr. Staunton served on the State CIF Federated Council, Risk-management Committee, Golf Committee and was instrumental in drafting the 16 principles of Pursuing Victory with Honor© . Upon his retirement from Southern Section he was honored with the State Distinguished Service Award and the CIF Southern Section Champions for Character Award now bears his name.

I have always admired this program for what it teaches athletic administrators and for the opportunities this degree opens for our students, he said. I am honored to be part of this staff and will direct my energies to expanding the program and improving the services we provide our students.

Leadership Experience
Coordinator, Western Region Concordia University Irvine MCAA Program
Adjunct Professor, Concordia University MCAA Program
Commissioner of Athletics, California Interscholastic Federation,
Southern Section, (CIF–SS) Sept. 1999 - 2011
Principal, Huntington Beach High School, a California Distinguished School, September, 1991 to 1999
President Association of California School Administrators, (ACSA) Region XVII, 2000 - 2001
Board of Directors “Friends of Junior Lifeguards” Huntington Beach, CA
Founder, “Ethics in Sports Committee”, CIF-SS, September, 2000
CIF Southern Section Orange County Re-leaguing Chairman, 1996 –1998
Sunset League President, 1996 – 1998
CIF –SS League Representative 1996 - 1999
Instituted Huntington Beach High School Foundation, 1996
President, Huntington Beach Administrators Association, (HBAA) 1995
Leader in planning for school re-structuring, HBHS Entertainment and Tourism Academy and Academy for the Performing Arts
Participant, Pursuing Excellence, WASC accreditations 1993, 19