daughters, Emily Carol and Sarah Elizabeth.

I appreciate the quality of the students and their willingness to accept new ideas.

Burch, Dan
949-283-7857
daniel.burch@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dan began his teaching career in 1975 at San Clemente High School as a Mathematics teacher. He also coached several sports, including Varsity Soccer. He then moved to Dana Hills High School where he served as Activities Director, Director of Crossroads (an alternative school-within-a-school), and Vice Principal of discipline. In 1990, Dan was selected to be the inaugural principal of Murrieta Valley High School in Riverside County. After Murrieta, Dan served as principal of Villa Park High School before returning to Capistrano Unified School District as principal of Capistrano Valley High School in 1997. In 2001 Dan became the founding father at Tesoro High School, where he has served for 12 years. He retired from full-time administration in June 2013.

Dan has also been active in CIF-Southern Section, serving as an Executive Committee Member and Orange County Re-leaguing Chair 4 times, influencing 16 years of league placements. He is also very active in WASC accreditation, chairing more than a dozen school visits from Bakersfield to El Centro.

Dan has been an adjunct professor in the MCAA program at Concordia since 2011. He still remains active in education through temporary assignments when school districts require assistance.

Buzunis, Dino
614-980-9700
constantine.buzunis@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Camarco, Lisa
949-400-7576
Lisa.Camarco@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dr. Lisa Camarco joined the Concordia University team in November of 2023, continuing her 20-year career in coaching and education. She has been the Head Softball Coach at Santiago Canyon College for 17 years, along with teaching in the Kinesiology Department and serving as the Department Chair. Lisa was hired to start the softball program and put the inaugural team on the field in 2007. Since that time, she has built the program into one of the most dominant programs in the CalJC with 9 consecutive Super Regional appearances and a State Championship title in 2016. She is a 3-time Orange Empire Conference Coach of the Year, has received accolades as the Female Sports Coach of the Year, received the prestigious National Fastpitch Coaches Association Coaching Staff of the Year Award, has been a Faculty Excellence Award Recipient, and was an Orange County Teacher of the Year finalist in 2021. Lisa played softball at Point Loma Nazarene University and graduated with a degree in Physical Education. She went on to earn her Master’s degree in Exercise Science with an emphasis in Performance Enhancement and Injury Prevention. In May of 2016, Lisa earned her Doctorate in Education with an emphasis in Sports Management and Leadership.

It is a privilege to join the MCAA and MSCE team at Concordia University. I am passionate about teaching, coaching, and equipping our next generation to lead with purpose.

Campbell, Jerry
361-571-0463
jerry.campbell@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Career History and Selected Accomplishments

CLOVIS WEST HIGH SCHOOL – Clovis, California
2009–present, Division 1 Level High School.

Varsity Offensive Coordinator – Offensive Line, Quarterback Coach, JV Head Coach and Health Teacher

Responsible for implementation of philosophies as directed by the Head football coach. Responsible for the installation of a no huddle Gun and Under Center spread and Hybrid Gun offense that included zone reads and passing game.
Responsible for practice scripts, wrist bands, offensive scouting reports.

2011 – Present Adjunct Professor: Concordia University Irvine, California –Master’s Degree Program: Football Coaching & Administration
2009 Play-off Qualifiers
2010 Play-offs, Tri Rivers Athletic Conference Champions, Central Valley Champions 12-1 Season
2011 Play-off Qualifiers
2012 Attended and participated in the Marine Corp Educators Workshop in San Diego, California

CLOVIS HIGH SCHOOL – Clovis, California
2007 – 2009, Division 1 Level High School.

Head Football Coach and PE Teacher


Responsible for implementation of philosophies, schemes, strategies, techniques and skills development at all levels, including intermediate schools. Supervised and evaluated the performance of all boys’ coaches at high school and intermediate schools.

Implemented football schemes and techniques for 8 Elementary Schools and one Intermediate school.
Assisted in the creation and start up of a youth football program in Clovis, California that provided teams for the ages 8 through 12 years of age.
National High School Football Coaches Association - Regional Director, Western Region, Honorary Board Member
2008 Co-Head Coach of The Year: Football TRI Rivers Athletic Conference
2008-2009 Educator of the Year Clovis High School

VICTORIA MEMORIAL HIGH SCHOOL – Victoria, Texas
2003 – 2007, 5-A Level High School.

Head Football Coa