rogram from the farm systems to the big leagues.

Bennett, Douglas
714-432-5126
douglas.bennett@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Doug Bennett is the Executive Director of College Advancement at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa.

His responsibilities include overseeing the fundraising and development activities for OCC, supervising the college's public relations and marketing team and serving as the director for OCC's weekend Swap Meet. He has been employed at OCC since 1986 and during that time he has had extensive involvement with the college's athletic program including being involved in fundraising and management of capital projects for OCC’s athletic program, supporting and supervising athletic events including state championships hosted by the college, providing advice and counsel to coaches and staff on athletic fundraising activities. He has also been involved in OCC's nationally recognized sailing and marine program, working on a variety of interesting donations and projects.

While at Orange Coast, he has been a spokesman and advocate for the college, holds the honorific title of “Mr. OCC” and has been involved in a wide range of development and communication activities including successful capital campaigns, board development, strategic planning for the foundation, endowment management, management of staff, and external and internal communications for OCC. Currently, he leads and manages Orange Coast College’s development, fundraising, communications, branding, marketing, media relations, internal communications, social enterprise activities including the highly successful Orange Coast College Swap Meet. Additionally, he serves as the Executive Director of the Orange Coast College Foundation.

Prior to joining OCC, his professional positions included being the Assistant Director of Development at St. Joseph Hospital in Orange and the public relations director for the Orange County Mental Health Association. He has a B.A. in Communications from Cal State and received my Master's from the Concordia MCAA program.

Doug lives in Orange in the foothill area near Irvine Park. He and his wife, Mailei, operate a recreation related business called the Riding Academy of Orange County which operates from their residence. They have a riding arena and own several horses that are used to provide lessons to mostly youth from about four years of age through teenagers.

Bloomfield, Keegan
949-214-3243
keegan.bloomfield@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor

Keegan Bloomfield is starting his 5th year as Head Coach of the Men’s and Women’s Track and Field Teams. He joins MCAA as an Adjunct Professor for our MCAA 567: Applied Exercise Science and Strategies of Coaching Track and Field Course.

Bloomfield states,
My goal is always to share the gospel of Jesus Christ each day with the team through actions and words. On top of that I hope that our student-athletes grow in the classroom and gain valuable experience to become good citizens. Lastly, I want them to learn to compete the best they can while an Eagle.

History was made in Bloomfield’s fourth campaign leading the Eagles as the women’s cross country team was ranked for the first time in the NCAA West Regional rankings released by USTFCCCA. The women received four consecutive rankings during the 2021 season. The women’s team also tied their highest-ever finish as a team at the PacWest Championships. On the men’s side, Bloomfield coached the highest-ever finisher for CUI at the PacWest Championships, Angel Aguirre, who took 13th place. Aguirre was later named PacWest Men's XC Scholar-Athlete of the Year.

Bloomfield has coached or recruited 14 current men’s track and field school record holders for the Eagles. He also coached or recruited 24 current school record holders on the women’s side.

Prior to moving to California, Bloomfield was a freshman admissions counselor at Concordia University, Nebraska. He also served as a missionary working with CRU, formerly Campus Crusade for Christ. While serving with CRU, Bloomfield was a part of the Nebraska Catalytic team who shared the gospel on 23 college campuses across the state of Nebraska.

Bloomfield has been a member of the U.S. Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches Association since 2015 when he got his strength and conditioning specialist certification. Bloomfield has also received his specialist certification in endurance. Bloomfield also became a Master coach in the middle distance events in the winter of 2020. In addition, he attained his USATF level I certification in February of 2014. He ran track & field and cross country at Concordia University, Nebraska under the guidance of the legendary coach, Kregg Einspahr. He has been married to his wife Anna for seven years and they have one child, Elliot Kay Bloomfield.

Career Snapshot:

USTFCCCA Academy Strength and Conditioning Certification, 2015
USTFCCCA Academy Endurance Specialist, 2016
USATF Level I Track and Field, 2013
USTFCCCA All-Academic: 7 (201