el including junior college, Division One men's and women's basketball, and high school. He was inducted into the Santa Barbara Court of Champions in 2021, which honors coaches and players that have made a significant impact on the sport of basketball in the Greater Santa Barbara area. Matt resigned in June 2014 as the Boys’ Athletic Director at Lakewood, having served in that position for 16 years while overseeing 11 varsity sports. He currently teaches Modern World History and is very active with the CIF Southern Section Basketball Advisory Board. He is an active member of Bethany Lutheran Church in Long Beach and lives in Seal Beach with Jeanne, his wife of 33 years. Their daughter, Chloe, is a 2021 graduate of Concordia Irvine and their son, Austin, is a 2017 graduate of St. John's University in New York and a graduate of both the MCAA and MCSE programs.

He is currently an assistant coach in the women's basketball program at Concordia Irvine.

With most of our students being active coaches, teachers, and administrators, I appreciate that the MCAA faculty and administration respects our students as working professionals and offers them an education, provided by experienced coaches and administrators, that can be directly applied to their athletic endeavors, whether it be in coaching or administration.

Seymour, Brian
916-899-4218
brian.seymour@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Brian Seymour has been with the State CIF office in Sacramento since 2011. He is currently the Associate Executive Director with the State. Brian is a proud graduate of Capuchino High School in the Central Coast Section. Brian holds a BA in Organizational Management, and an MBA from Ashford University.

Prior to joining the State CIF, Brian spent 18 years as an athletic Director, teacher and coach at Loretto High School in Sacramento where he developed a strong sense of devotion to educational based athletics. He was the recipient of the Sac-Joaquin athletic director of the year award in 2005 and served as the president of the SJADA in 2008.Brian began teaching in the MCAA program at Concordia University in the Summer of 2018 and enjoys working directly with current athletic administrators across the nation.

Brian spends his free time with his wife Therese, son Colin and daughter Catherine.

The opportunity to teach in the MCAA program and assist athletic administrators across the nation in reaching their personal and professional goals is a blessing for me.

Sheplay, Elizabeth
949-394-3720
elizabeth.sheplay@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Elizabeth Sheplay has been around athletics and sports for most of her life. She was a three-sport athlete in high school at Orange Lutheran and played four years of college basketball at Westmont College in Santa Barbara. She played in Prague, Czech Republic over the summer of her senior year with Athletes in Action.

After college, she was the assistant coach at Vangaurd University for women’s basketball for three years. During that time, she earned her master’s degree in Coaching and Athletic Administration at Concordia University. She then transitioned to work in the Athletic department at Vanguard University—working closely with the athletic director and administration in athletics. She has been a Portfolio Instructor of the MCAA program since 2017 and enjoys helping students/coaches complete their master's degree.

She is married and has lived all over the world, due to her husband's career as a doctor. She has 2 kids and loves spending time with them.

I love the MCAA program as it gives the future leaders of sports a chance to grow professionally, spiritually, technically and tactically in their sport(s). The world needs transformational coaches and the MCAA program is producing those every year.

Solomon, Sarah
808-365-9151
sarah.solomon@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Sarah graduated from CUI’s MCAA Program in 2017 and MSCE program in 2018, and is currently a Doctoral Candidate at Concordia University Chicago where she will earn her Ed.D. in Sports Leadership in 2023. Sarah has been involved in sports on all sides of the ball, as an athlete, coach, director, and now instructor at CUI. As a high school athlete, Sarah was the Hawaii BIIF “ Player of the Year", and went on to become a member of the 2003-2004 University of Oregon Women's Volleyball team as a starting outside hitter. Sarah earned PAC-10 freshman team and First Team All PAC-10 Conference honors her freshman and sophomore year. Sarah then transferred back to her home state Hawaii where she played for the University of Hawaii Rainbow Wahine. Sarah earned All WAC 1st team honors her Junior and Senior season, WAC Tournament All Star, and AVCA All Region and All-American honors as a senior in 2006. As a freshman Sarah led the Pac-10 in Aces per game, and held the Aces per game record at University of Hawaii her senior season. Concluding her athletic career Sarah’s has been a coach at various volley