ifferences. He no sooner joined the staff when he was named the National Community College Athletic Director of the Year. The MCAA Program is delighted to welcome him as the National Director of Collegiate Recruitment and Retention.

Jim recently served as Santa Rosa Junior College's Dean of Instruction in Kinesiology, Athletics, and Dance, and Director of Athletics. He oversaw a large academic program offering over 230 different course offerings and supervised a teaching staff of fifteen full time teaching faculty and over 50 part-time instructors. As Dean of Instruction, Jim routinely supervised all facets of the total operation of the division including major and certificate development, curriculum development, course scheduling, and faculty/staff evaluations.

As Director of Athletics, Jim had responsibilities for 20 sport programs, (one of California's largest) as well as seven club sports. Jim administered the athletic participation of over 500 student-athletes and club participants competing in the Big 8 Conference. Jim's teams won over 35 Big 8 Conference championships, 10 Nor Cal titles and five state championships.

Jim is especially proud of the academic achievements of his athletes. Santa Rosa Junior College (SRJC) student-athletes have been recognized with numerous conference and state individual and team academic awards, including National Alliance of Two Year College Athletic Administrators (NATYCAA's) National Male Scholar Athlete of the Year. Every year SRJC averaged over 14 student-athletes earning perfect 4.0 GPAs and the athletes as a whole consistently averaged a higher GPA than the student body at large – just below 3.0.

I am proud and humbled to join the Concordia University Irvine Master's in Coaching and Athletic Administration program. I truly believe getting involved with this program is the next step in my evolution as an athletics administrator, coach, and graduate level educator. I am convinced the MCAA degree can be a transformative event in the professional development of our students.

Dr. Forkum resides in Santa Rosa with his wife, Dr. Sherry Forkum, and has two grown children who both reside in the San Francisco area.

Fahey, Christopher
916-599-8277
christopher.fahey@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Chris Fahey is currently the Director of Corporate Sponsorship for the California Interscholastic Federation. Prior to joining the CIF, Chris was the Director of Athletics and Assistant to the President at Jesuit High School in Carmichael, CA for six years. During his tenure as AD, Chris was the large school representative for the CIF Sac-Joaquin Section Board of Managers and was named the CSADA Athletic Director of the Year for the CIF Sac-Joaquin Section in 2015. Prior to his role as the Director of Athletics, Chris was the Director of Student Activities and teacher for 11 years and coached high school baseball for 18 years. He is a graduate of California State University-Sacramento with a bachelor’s degree in Social Science and a master’s degree in Educational Leadership from National University. Chris and his wife, Brooke (a 5th grade teacher), have been married for 22 years. They have two children: Madeline (a student-athlete at Cal Lutheran University) and Sophia (a student-athlete at St. Francis HS).

I’m honored to be a part of the educational/professional journey of our students in the MCAA program. I appreciate the vast diversity of viewpoints and experiences of our students, as well as the roles they currently fill and their aspirations for career advancement.

Forkum, Sharon
916-847-9974
sharon.forkum@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dr. Sherry Forkum joined the Concordia University Master’s in Coaching and Athletic Administration team in 2019 continuing a career in education, having taught grades K-12, undergrad levels (including community college and 4-year), and graduate level in the fields of English, Literature, and Education and California credentialing. Her current responsibility is teaching the MCAA 595 Portfolio course, serving on master’s and doctoral committees, professionally editing, and teaching American Literature and English Foundations courses for St. Augustine High School – Tucson. She continues to mentor new teachers at all grade levels, K- College. Sherry has amassed a stellar career as a teacher, professor, mentor, consultant, and speaker on adult learning theory, generational differences, and athletics administration at all levels. She has coached swimming and diving at the high school level and coached NCAA Division II cheerleading. She has specialized certificates in Second Language Acquisition, Gifted and Talented Education, Special Education, and Technology. Along with being a published author of children’s books, she has also been a special reviewer for 2018 seventh edition of The St. Martin’s Handbook by Andrea A. Lunsford. Majoring in English Composition in her undergrad degree, she has had many years of professiona