ick (1). Daughter Katie is a Family Practice Physician in San Diego, California.

He feels very blessed and thankful to be in the position in life to help students attain their personal goals and dreams.

MCAA Admissions
Galvez, Brittany
949-214-3856
brittany.galvez@cui.edu
Assistant Director of Admissions
Biography

Brittany joined the Concordia University Irvine Graduate Admissions staff in December 2023. She currently serves the MBA Program and oversees both the MCAA and MSCE Program's. Before working at CUI, Brittany worked at Claremont Graduate University as an Assistant Director of Admissions for the School of Community and Global Health Program. Prior to CGU, she had also worked at her alma mater California Baptist University, as an Assistant Director of Ticketing and Sales for the athletic department. Brittany was a former college student-athlete at CBU where she earned her B.S. and M.S. in Kinesiology with a concentration in Sports Management.

Kono, Garrett
949-214-3620
garrett.kono@cui.edu
Graduate Admissions Counselor
Biography

Garrett joined Concordia University Irvine as a Graduate Admission Counselor in August 2023. Garrett is from Huntington Beach, CA and received his BS from UCSD and his MA from Biola University. He has more than a decade of experience working in the education industry including educational consultation, teaching, and educational administration.

Maxfield, Billy
949-214-3855
billy.maxfield@cui.edu
Director of Graduate Admissions and Recruiting
Biography

Billy joined Concordia University Irvine in March of 2017. He currently serves as the Director of Graduate Admissions and Recruitment, overseeing the process of bringing new graduate students into the university. He holds both a B.S. and an M.A. from Biola University.

Predney, Jonathan
949-214-3857
jonathan.predney@cui.edu
Graduate Admissions Counselor
Biography

Jonathan joined the Concordia University Irvine Graduate Admissions Staff in April 2024, working for the MCAA and MCSE programs. Jonathan is from Tustin, CA and received his undergraduate from Concordia University Irvine in Communications. He played four years of collegiate volleyball at Concordia Irvine and was the all-time point scorer. Jonathan has been coaching volleyball for 10 years as a Head Coach/Director, and as a certified personal trainer for two years. In his free time, Jonathan enjoys playing beach volleyball, snowboarding, surfing, and spending time with his wife and dog Cooper.

MCAA Faculty
Abe, Peter
949-400-7576
peter.abe@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Growing up and currently residing in Irvine, California, Peter Abe graduated from Irvine High School in 2001 before earning his Bachelor’s Degree in Kinesiology from California State University, Fullerton in 2005. Currently holding a Physical Education Teaching Credential, Peter also completed his Master of Arts degree in Coaching and Athletic Administration in 2010, as an alumnus of the MCAA Program at our very own Concordia University. Peter has spent his career teaching Physical Education, Video Productions, and Study Skills, while Coaching Football and Track & Field at every level of High School and the Youth Level in either Head and/or Assistant Coach position(s). After teaching and coaching stints at Irvine High, South Lake Middle, and Villa Park High Schools, Peter transitioned into a role as a member of the inaugural Leadership/Planning Team that worked to open Portola High School in 2016, where he currently serves as the Athletic Director and Head Football Coach.

Allen, Leslie
714-315-1908
leslie.allen@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Leslie Allen was tasked with launching the STUNT program at Vanguard University in Spring 2017 and the program began competing for the first time in the 2018 season where they finished ranked eighth in the country. In 2019, the team earned a berth in the STUNT Division II/III National Championships, finishing fourth overall. Coach Allen build on that success to grab a National Championship in 2021 and backed that up with a second-place finish in 2022 and 2023.

During her time at VU, she has coached 15 STUNT All-Americans and 19 STUNT Scholar Athletes.

Prior to Vanguard:
Allen has a wealth of coaching experience, having spent the last seventeen years as head cheer coach at St. John's Lutheran School in Orange, Orange Lutheran High School, Cypress High School, and Ouachita Baptist University in Arkansas.

Allen returns to her roots in Orange County after spending the last two years at Ouachita Baptist University (OBU). In her first year at OBU, she took the Tigers to compete in their first-ever stunt meet. OBU won each of the games that were played and based on their scores at that meet, was ranked 6th nationally in Division II at the end of the stunt season. Before heading to OBU, Allen spent three years at Cypress High School. She took a non-competitive team and made a winning competitive program, qualifying for finals at USA Nationa