am to accommodate those decisions. There will be some difficulties but I believe we can have a meaningful class that will assist you in completing the requirements for a Masters’ Degree in Coaching and Athletic Administration.

Murczek, Ken 
940-391-0904
ken.murczek@cui.edu
MCAA Instructor
Biography

Veteran head coach Dr. Ken Murczek was hired to lead the Oregon Tech volleyball program on Wednesday, March 18, 2020.
 
Dr. Murczek comes to Oregon Tech after three seasons as an assistant coach with the San Diego State volleyball program. A former Aztec men's volleyball player, Murczek brings a wealth of coaching experience to the Owls, including nine years as a head coach at the NCAA level. He was the head coach of the men's volleyball program at the University of Charleston in West Virginia during the spring of 2017, following a three-year stint as head coach of the women's team at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
 
Prior to his arrival at Charleston, Murczek guided the women's volleyball program at Wake Forest from 2013-15, leading the Demon Deacons to the best start in team history at 12-0 during his first season at the helm. In all, he coached 19 Atlantic Coast Conference all-academic honor roll selections, while his squad earned the American Volleyball Coaches Association (AVCA) Team Academic Award for maintaining a collective 3.4 GPA.
  
Murczek received his Bachelor of Science degree in kinesiology from San Diego State in 1998 before earning a master's degree in teaching and teacher education from Arizona in 2000. He also holds a secondary education teaching credential in physical education and science from the state of Indiana, and a master's in sport management from Western Michigan University (2007).
 
In 2019, Murczek completed his doctor of education in kinesiology at the University of North Carolina, Greensboro.

Before his move to Wake Forest, Murczek spent three seasons as head coach at the University of North Texas, where he led the program to 63 victories and a pair of Sun Belt Conference West Division championships in 2010 and 2012. The latter squad tied a school-record 26 wins and reached the finals of the conference tournament for the first time in program history. 
 
Murczek enjoys spending time with his wife hiking, biking, and camping in their 1987 Volkswagen Vanagon with their Belgian Malinois "Truus." He still plays both indoor and beach volleyball competitively. "My wife and I are looking forward to immersing ourselves in the culture of Oregon Tech and Klamath Falls," said Murczek who currently holds his CBVA AAA rating on the beach and has won back to back gold medals (2018-2019) at the USA Volleyball adult nationals with Team Pineapple.

Murczek joined the MCAA faculty in 2019 teaching: 

MCAA 576: Applied Exercise Sciences and Strategies for Coaching Volleyball
MSCE 589: Nutrition for Sport
MSCE 588: Biomechanics for Sport

"I appreciate the great resources that are provided to both me as an instructor and to our students by the MCAA program."

Nicholson, Brooke
949-887-1501
 
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Brooke Nicholson started playing volleyball at the age of 9 at Laguna Beach Volleyball Club, where she found her love for the game and continued to play throughout high school. She played four years as a Varsity Diablo, graduating in 2009 from Mission Viejo High School. Brooke was on the first MVHS team to ever win a league title for the school in 2006. Her junior season, she was named 2nd Team All-League South Coast. Brooke's senior season, she was named MVP of her team and made 1st Team All-League South Coast, and played in the Orange County All Stars Team south vs. north. Nicholson moved on to attend and play volleyball at Concordia University in Irvine. There she received multiple honors such as: NAIA Player of the Year (2011), three time All-American (2010, 2011, 2012), three time First Team All-Conference Player, and two time GSAC Player of the Year (2011, 2012). After receiving her Bachelor of Science, emphasis in kinesiology/sports medicine in 2013, Brooke went into coaching volleyball for her high school alma mater and club years later. While coaching volleyball, Brooke continued her education at CUI and went back to earn her M.A. in Coaching and Athletic Administration (2017), single subject teaching credential (2016) and administrative credential in 2021. Brooke was given an award of excellence after finishing the CUI MCAA program. Years later while teaching and coaching for Mission Viejo High School, Concordia's inducted Brooke into the Athletics Hall of Fame February 2021. Currently she continues to teach at Mission Viejo High School as a Physical Education and Health teacher. This past fall was her 13th season as the volleyball coach where she stepped away from the program to pursuit her aspirations to be the Athletic Director for Mission Viejo High School.

Building strong leaders in our community through sports, this is my life's passion an