https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/coaching/meet-the-team
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MCAA
Curriculum 
Meet the Team
Alumni
Financial Aid
Coach's Resources 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
Meet the Team

For over a decade, we’ve been change-agents for coaches and administrators like you who are ready to energize their career and make their organization better. The things you need to learn, to go from where you are to where you want to go, take experience. All of the instructors in our coaching program are experienced in educational athletics and administration and look forward to helping you get to the goal.

MCAA Staff
Hannah, Sheila
949-214-3815
sheila.hannah@cui.edu
Faculty, Curriculum & Assessment
Biography

Sheila Hannah joined the MCAA team in 2013. She was born and raised in Bellflower, California and received a Bachelor’s degree in Creative Writing/English Education from California State University, Long Beach. Two years later, Sheila became an English teacher for Riverside Christian Schools and taught junior high and high school for three years. As an educator, she learned a lot about leadership styles, effective communication, and various learning styles and preferences. She decided to pursue a career in adult education, and received her Master of Arts in Education/Adult Education and Training degree in June 2010 and completed her Doctor of Education in Educational Leadership/Curriculum and Instruction degree in January 2018. Her goal is to continue serving the MCAA/MSCE faculty and students, as a transformational leader within the School of Health and Human Sciences.

While serving in the MCAA/MSCE program, I appreciate the excellent leadership from our founder, Tom White, Tony Diaz, and now Jim Kunau, and the dedication that our team displays to provide transformational experiences to coaches, athletic administrators, and students of various backgrounds, cultures, and learning styles. The family environment within the MCAA department at Concordia University Irvine is invaluable.

Kunau, Jim
949-214-3814
jim.kunau@cui.edu
Director of MCAA
Biography

Jim Kunau is the new Director of MCAA, replacing Tony Diaz who retired after successfully leading the program for the past five years. Jim is very familiar with MCAA having served as an adjunct and assistant professor teaching leadership and ethics for the past nine years. He holds a Masters’ degree in International Management and traveled to over 40 countries before teaching international business courses in California Lutheran University's MBA program. He also has extensive teaching, coaching, and leadership experience at the high school level as well. At Orange Lutheran High School in Southern California, Jim served as Athletic Director, Director of Leadership Studies, and as Head Football Coach for 21 years. During his tenure at Orange Lutheran, Jim earned National, State, and Regional Coach of the Year honors, and was named Orange County’s Coach of the Decade. He led the transformation of Orange Lutheran from a small Division 12 school to a major Division 1 powerhouse, competing in the ultra-competitive Trinity League where his teams won several championships. He is one of two high school football coaches in California to have won State Championships at more than one school as he led Rancho Christian to similar growth and success as he experienced at Orange Lutheran. 

Jim has spoken on Organizational Leadership and Developing Character all over the country at conferences, clinics, churches, and universities. He feels a strong calling for serving coaches. It began with developing coaches on his own staffs, 11 of whom went on to become head coaches and/or athletic directors, and quickly expanded to helping coaches and athletic administrators from other institutions. His passion for Concordia’s MCAA program began when MCAA Founder and Director Tom White hired him in 2012.

I quickly discovered what an extraordinary program for equipping and empowering athletic leaders Tom had created, and feel very privileged to build on the legacy Tom established and Tony continued. And to carry on that legacy within the framework of Concordia’s Great Commission and Christ-centered Mission makes this a blessing and responsibility that I deeply appreciate and fully embrace. Concordia University’s unwavering commitment to empower students for lives of learning, service, and leadership while standing on grace alone and faith alone as the core of who we are is exactly what we seek to reflect in the MCAA student experience.

Jim and his wife Betsy have one daughter, Caroline, and reside in Anaheim, CA.

Mailhiot, Chelsea
949-214-3828
chelsea.mailhiot@cui.edu
Associate Director
Biography

Chelsea joined the MCAA team in September of 2008. She currently serves as the Associate Director within the MA and MS programs for MCAA as well as a consultant to the MCAA Advising Department. Prior to this role, she served as MCAA Academic Advisor where she worked with students from the day they enroll in the program up to the day of graduation. She has served as a Culminating Project Instructor for students working on their Portfolios throughout her employment at CUI.

She formerly worked as a graduate advisor for M.A., M.S., and PsyD programs at an online university. She received her undergraduate degree from Indiana University of Pennsylvania where she majored in education and ran four years of varsity NCAA Division II cross country and track earning “All-East” runner and Academic All-American titles. In addition, she holds an M.A. degree from Seton Hill University in Greensburg, PA, and an M.S. from Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, PA.

Chelsea served two years working on campus at Concordia and has been working remotely from Florida since 2010. She enjoys running in local 5ks, 10ks, and half marathons and plays recreational tennis. She volunteers for a national organization where she pushes special needs athlete riders in local 5k events to help ensure inclusion for all in endurance events.

Coaches throughout my athletic career have made a huge impact on me and have always had a special place in my heart. In return, I am honored to serve future coaches by impacting them within a faith-based institution. It is rewarding to see students graduate with a fresh perspective on coaching and a foundation based on grace, faith, and love.

Short, Rochelle
949-214-3816
rochelle.short@cui.edu
Senior Coordinator of Program Outreach, MCAA
Biography

Rochelle is the new Senior Coordinator for the MCAA graduate program. Rochelle holds a Bachelor's degree in Industrial Organizational Psychology from Point Loma Nazarene University and graduated in 2017 from CUI’s MCAA program. She served in multiple departments at the high school level, originally as the girls Head Volleyball Coach at Rancho Christian High School. In addition to the girls program she developed and built the boys volleyball program serving as the programs first Head Coach as well. Rochelle also embraced a Faculty role in the Humanities Department, teaching business, economics and physical education. In her final appointment at Rancho, Rochelle served as the RCHS Eagles High School and Middle School Athletic Director. Under her leadership the private school was an Inland Empire powerhouse in many sports competing against Division I public schools.

Prior to her contributions at RCHS she served as the Head Women’s Volleyball Coach for the Sea Lions of Point Loma Nazarene University (PLNU), where she led the Sea Lions to three consecutive NAIA National Tournament berths in Sioux City, IA. She also served as a member of the research committee that ultimately recommended PLNU to change athletic affiliations from the NAIA to NCAA Division II.

As a collegiate athlete Rochelle played volleyball for California State University, Fullerton and Point Loma Nazarene University where she earned All-American honors in both her Junior (06) and Senior (07) years. As a Crusader (currently Sea Lions) of PLNU she led the team to three National Tournament appearances, including earning a Final Four finish in 2005.

I am excited to be a part of this phenomenal staff and faculty. My passion for sports, coaching, Jesus Christ and serving others is a great marriage with the vision and core values which serve as the heartbeat of Concordia. I feel a strong call to serve coaches and leaders in this capacity and cherish this opportunity and blessing to contribute to the Christ-centered Mission of CUI as well as the MCAA program in equipping and empowering leaders in athletics to transform lives.

Rochelle and her husband Mark have four children, Brooke, Bryce, Ryleigh and Chandler and reside in Canyon Lake, CA.

Valdivia, Lupe
949-214-3829
lupe.valdivia@cui.edu
Academic Advisor
Biography

Lupe Valdivia joined the MCAA team in 2014. She serves as the Senior Academic Advisor and Internship Coordinator. Her goal is to come alongside and guide students with reaching their educational objectives at Concordia University Irvine.

She was raised in Westminster, CA, and enjoyed playing soccer, softball, and field hockey at the high school level. She earned her bachelor's degree from California State University, Long Beach. In 2018 she earned her MAED degree in Student Affairs from Regent University.

Lupe enjoys working alongside our talented faculty and staff. Their wealth of knowledge and first-hand experiences help our students expand their skills. Each professor is genuinely dedicated to helping our students grow both professionally and personally.

White, Tom
949-214-3256
tom.white@cui.edu
Founder; Director of Regional Recruiting & Alumni Relations
Biography

Tom White serves as the Director of Regional Recruiting & Alumni Relations Master of Arts in Coaching and Athletic Administration program. His professional career involves experience in all aspects of sport; teacher-coach, athletic director, college coach, school district athletic administrator and school administrator.

Mr. White's 44-year career in education, athletics and coaching education spans from Appleton West High School in Wisconsin to the Capistrano Unified School District in Southern California, with stops in La Puente, San Clemente, Capistrano Valley High School and at Saddleback Community College.

Prior to Concordia to found the MCAA program, White was the Director of Athletics and Activities for the Capistrano Unified School District. His responsibilities included the development of the Capistrano Coaching Education program, the implementation of the "Pursuing Victory with Honor" sportsmanship program and providing leadership for the athletic and activities programs which serve the 51,500 students in this public school district.

While at Concordia, Mr. White helped begin the MCAA program in 2005 with twelve graduate students. Currently over 700 students are enrolled in the program. The MCAA program has become a nationally recognized leader in the field of athletic education, viewing coaching and athletic administration as an academic discipline while responding to and implementing change in the world of athletics.

Professional contributions include service on the Governor's Task Force on Drug Abuse, National Track and Field Advisory Board, CIF Southern Section Track and Field Advisory Committee, CIF Southern Section League Representative, CIF Coaching Certification Instructor, and CIF Sports Ethics Committee. White has presented at regional and national conferences and seminars in the field of coaching education and athletic administration. Additional honors include being named "Teacher of the Year", California Track and Field "Coach of the Year" and named "Coach of the Year" on ten occasions.

Tom is the proud father of two daughters. Carin Searby is a UCLA graduate currently living in Palm Beach, Florida with her husband Fred, daughter Camille (3) and son Frederick (1). Daughter Katie is a Family Practice Physician in San Diego, California.

He feels very blessed and thankful to be in the position in life to help students attain their personal goals and dreams.

MCAA Admissions
Galvez, Brittany
949-214-3856
brittany.galvez@cui.edu
Assistant Director of Admissions
Biography

Brittany joined the Concordia University Irvine Graduate Admissions staff in December 2023. She currently serves the MBA Program and oversees both the MCAA and MSCE Program's. Before working at CUI, Brittany worked at Claremont Graduate University as an Assistant Director of Admissions for the School of Community and Global Health Program. Prior to CGU, she had also worked at her alma mater California Baptist University, as an Assistant Director of Ticketing and Sales for the athletic department. Brittany was a former college student-athlete at CBU where she earned her B.S. and M.S. in Kinesiology with a concentration in Sports Management.

Kono, Garrett
949-214-3620
garrett.kono@cui.edu
Graduate Admissions Counselor
Biography

Garrett joined Concordia University Irvine as a Graduate Admission Counselor in August 2023. Garrett is from Huntington Beach, CA and received his BS from UCSD and his MA from Biola University. He has more than a decade of experience working in the education industry including educational consultation, teaching, and educational administration.

Maxfield, Billy
949-214-3855
billy.maxfield@cui.edu
Director of Graduate Admissions and Recruiting
Biography

Billy joined Concordia University Irvine in March of 2017. He currently serves as the Director of Graduate Admissions and Recruitment, overseeing the process of bringing new graduate students into the university. He holds both a B.S. and an M.A. from Biola University.

Predney, Jonathan
949-214-3857
jonathan.predney@cui.edu
Graduate Admissions Counselor
Biography

Jonathan joined the Concordia University Irvine Graduate Admissions Staff in April 2024, working for the MCAA and MCSE programs. Jonathan is from Tustin, CA and received his undergraduate from Concordia University Irvine in Communications. He played four years of collegiate volleyball at Concordia Irvine and was the all-time point scorer. Jonathan has been coaching volleyball for 10 years as a Head Coach/Director, and as a certified personal trainer for two years. In his free time, Jonathan enjoys playing beach volleyball, snowboarding, surfing, and spending time with his wife and dog Cooper.

MCAA Faculty
Abe, Peter
949-400-7576
peter.abe@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Growing up and currently residing in Irvine, California, Peter Abe graduated from Irvine High School in 2001 before earning his Bachelor’s Degree in Kinesiology from California State University, Fullerton in 2005. Currently holding a Physical Education Teaching Credential, Peter also completed his Master of Arts degree in Coaching and Athletic Administration in 2010, as an alumnus of the MCAA Program at our very own Concordia University. Peter has spent his career teaching Physical Education, Video Productions, and Study Skills, while Coaching Football and Track & Field at every level of High School and the Youth Level in either Head and/or Assistant Coach position(s). After teaching and coaching stints at Irvine High, South Lake Middle, and Villa Park High Schools, Peter transitioned into a role as a member of the inaugural Leadership/Planning Team that worked to open Portola High School in 2016, where he currently serves as the Athletic Director and Head Football Coach.

Allen, Leslie
714-315-1908
leslie.allen@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Leslie Allen was tasked with launching the STUNT program at Vanguard University in Spring 2017 and the program began competing for the first time in the 2018 season where they finished ranked eighth in the country. In 2019, the team earned a berth in the STUNT Division II/III National Championships, finishing fourth overall. Coach Allen build on that success to grab a National Championship in 2021 and backed that up with a second-place finish in 2022 and 2023.

During her time at VU, she has coached 15 STUNT All-Americans and 19 STUNT Scholar Athletes.

Prior to Vanguard:
Allen has a wealth of coaching experience, having spent the last seventeen years as head cheer coach at St. John's Lutheran School in Orange, Orange Lutheran High School, Cypress High School, and Ouachita Baptist University in Arkansas.

Allen returns to her roots in Orange County after spending the last two years at Ouachita Baptist University (OBU). In her first year at OBU, she took the Tigers to compete in their first-ever stunt meet. OBU won each of the games that were played and based on their scores at that meet, was ranked 6th nationally in Division II at the end of the stunt season. Before heading to OBU, Allen spent three years at Cypress High School. She took a non-competitive team and made a winning competitive program, qualifying for finals at USA Nationals in each of her three years. Over the 12 years Allen spent at Orange Lutheran High School, her varsity cheer teams won three National Championships and eight UCA State Championships, as well as regional and invitational state titles. Her teams were also finalists at UCA Nationals in Florida and regularly highlighted on ESPN for the National High School Cheerleading Championship. More than 75% of her senior cheerleaders at Orange Lutheran went on to cheer at the college level, many on an athletic scholarship.

2019 National Coach of the Year

My motto for every team I have ever coached is to “strive for excellence in everything we do.” It is the pursuit of excellence that is the common thread that runs throughout every aspect of my role, as a coach.

Excellence of Preparation. To do what we ask the Cheer team to do requires a commitment to safety, and a dedication to total team preparedness.

Excellence in Character. I strive to create an environment where character is developed. I work hard to instill dedication, discipline, humility, caring, confidence, a supportive and encouraging attitude, as well as a winning attitude and leadership skills, so that the team members have the tools necessary to enable them to be the best they can be, individually and as a team.

Excellence in Academics. The first priority of every member of the team is academics. Part of that process is to maintain as GPA as high as possible. My teams have always had among the highest (if not the highest) GPA of any group on campus, whether in athletics or otherwise.

Excellence in Performance. STUNT requires a level of strength, stamina, discipline and precision that can only be achieved through a commitment to excellence in each of these areas. Competitively, the goal is to win, but to do so with an emphasis on winning the right way; recognizing that everything the team does, the way team members interact with each other, the way the team is perceived by other teams and how the team represents the school are all important factors. Winning the right way requires that the team absolutely conditioned and prepared. The team must be run in a professional, organized manner that optimizes practice time and is respectful of the time the students give to the program, and are focused on accomplishing the goals and image the school directs.

Competition Success. Over the span of my coaching career, my teams have had success. In the 12 years I spent at LHSOC, my varsity cheer teams won a total of 3 National Championships and 8 UCA State Championships, not including the numerous regional and invitational State titles. My teams were finalists at UCA Nationals in Florida in each of the five years we attended and have been highlighted on the ESPN news real for the National High School Cheerleading Championship held in Orlando, Florida for the last two of those five years. Over 75% of the high school senior cheerleaders who have been on my teams have gone on to cheer at the college level, including three on athletic scholarship at the University of Oregon.

During my three year stay at Cypress High School, I took a non-competitive team and made a winning competitive program, qualifying for finals at USA Nationals in each of those three years.

In my first year at OBU, I took a team that was not representative of the type program the school desired and returned them to the level of excellence expected. In the only STUNT games we played (at the University of the Ozarks), we won both games.

Ammann, Ken
714-686-7666
ken.ammann@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

The longest tenured coach in Concordia University Irvine history, Ken Ammann enters his 21st year as head coach of the CUI Eagles men’s basketball program in the fall of 2021.

Concordia's attacking and aggressive style of play has helped Ammann's teams win two NAIA National Championships in four NAIA National Championship appearances. During his tenure, the Eagles have averaged 26 wins a season over the past two decades and he owns an overall record of 486-172 (.739 winning percentage). Ammann was also the first 400-game winner in Concordia coaching history among all sports.

Since taking over in 2001, Ammann has helped the Eagles win at least 20 games in 16 of his 20 seasons at the helm. His Concordia teams have posted 30 victories in a season six times and have never finished a full season below .500. Prior to his arrival, the program had experienced just eight winning campaigns since its inception in 1981.

The former Stanford basketball player has been named the NAIA Coach of the Year twice. He was the recipient of the 2020 Harry Statham Coach of Impact Award, which honors head coaches at the small college level that display high character and integrity while serving as excellent role models who have deeply impacted the lives of others.

Ammann has transformed the Concordia men’s basketball program into one of the top non-Division I programs in the country, turning Concordia into a national power nearly overnight. He and his coaching staff were an integral part of Concordia making a smooth transition from NAIA to NCAA Division II over the past few years.

The 2018-2019 campaign saw the Eagles fly to new heights as they reached the NCAA DII Tournament for the first time in school history after receiving an at-large bid in the west regional bracket. CUI also advanced to the PacWest Conference Championship Game for the first time in program history. Ammann's squad asserted itself as a major player by going 12-1 at home and a perfect 11-0 against PacWest opponents at CU Arena on its way to a second place finish in the conference. CUI finished just one game behind Point Loma in the conference standings and defeated the eventual DII national runner-ups in an overtime thriller in front of a packed house during the regular season. The Green and Gold ultimately finished the year with a 23-11 overall record and an impressive 18-4 conference mark. Senior guard Brian Chambers led the entire PacWest in steals, finished third in scoring (17.7 ppg) and was named First Team All-PacWest, while center Geoff Gerlach received All-PacWest Honorable Mention and versatile forward Kayle Knuckles was named PacWest Freshman of the Year.

The 2017-2018 campaign marked Concordia’s first season of postseason eligibility since completing the transition to Division II. Ammann helped the Eagles secure their first berth in the PacWest Conference Tournament after the team posted a 19-10 regular season mark with a 12-8 league record. Ammann’s squad earned the fifth seed in the tourney and then collected the school’s first-ever PacWest Conference Tournament victory when the Eagles defeated Point Loma, 69-65. Concordia then closed out the season with a 20-11 overall record after Dixie State knocked out the Eagles in the semifinal round.

In their first season of NCAA Division II competition (2015-16), the Eagles went 22-7 overall and tied for first in the PacWest Conference at 15-5. The following season, Ammann’s squad finished fifth in the league with a 17-11 overall record and a 12-8 conference mark as the school continued its 3-year transition from NAIA.

During the 2014-2015 campaign, Ammann led the Eagles to a 27-8 overall record and 13-3 conference record in the Golden State Athletic Conference (GSAC). The Eagles capped off that season with their 11th trip to the NAIA National Tournament in 14 years.

Ammann was named the 2011-2012 NAIA National Coach of the Year for the second time in his career after leading the Eagles to the 2012 National Championship. Concordia defeated Oklahoma Baptist 72-69 in Kansas City, Missouri to claim the program's second national title.

Ammann also led the Green and Gold to the NAIA finals in 2007 and 2004 where the Eagles finished as NAIA runner-up.

In only his second season (2002-03), Ammann led the Eagles to their first NAIA National Championship in school history. Concordia outlasted Mountain State in overtime by a count of 88-84 to claim the title. The 36 wins the Eagles compiled that season were the most of any level of college basketball that year and Ammann was also named NAIA National Coach of the Year.

In his career, Ammann has coached 20 All-Americans, 10 All-Tournament members, four Charles Stevenson Hustle Award winners, one Chuck Taylor Most Valuable Player Award winner (Cameron Gliddon, 2012), one NAIA National Player of the Year (Justin Johnson, 2011), four GSAC Player of the Year winners, and 28 All-Conference honorees, all while being named GSAC Coach of the Year four times. Ammann and his staff have also developed a recruiting pipeline to Australia. Since 2007, at least one Australian basketball player has been on the CUI men's basketball roster. Recent Eagles hailing from Australia include Gerlach, Gliddon, Tad Dufelmeier and brothers Anderson and Austin Clarke.

Ammann earned his bachelor’s in psychology at Stanford and holds a master’s degree from San Jose State in the same field, which was conferred in 1994. He began his coaching career immediately, serving as an assistant coach at San Jose State (1993-94), Canada College (1995-96), Pepperdine (1997-99) and Azusa Pacific (2000-01). Prior to his time at Concordia, he spent a year at Cal State Bakersfield and Santa Ana College, respectively, before transferring to Stanford.

At Stanford, Ammann started every game of his career under head coach Mike Montgomery. He averaged 12 points a game for the Cardinal and helped lead Stanford to a NIT Championship in 1991. In addition, he earned Academic All-American honors and was named to the Dean’s List. He is a graduate of Edison High School and was inducted into the Edison Hall of Fame in 2019.

Ammann and his wife, Marina, live in Tustin and have five children, Madelyn, Frank, Jourden, Andrew and Tyler.

Our MCAA program was the first of it's kind and is still second to none. It is a privilege to be involved as an instructor and I have enjoyed meeting coaches of all ages and experience levels from around the country.

Ashbach, Chris
949-291-5515
chris.ashbach@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor

Chris joined the MCAA team in May of 2018.He graduated from the MCAA program in 2017 and has served as a Culminating Project Portfolio Advisor for the last 4 years. He received an undergraduate degree from Santa Clara University in Political Science while also playing Division I baseball. Chris is in his 26th year as a Government and Global Studies teacher at Mission Viejo High School and recently retired as a Head Baseball Coach after a successful 24 year run.

The MCAA program at Concordia University was extremely accessible and convenient for a full time professional and provided me with a wealth of knowledge to pursue other administrative avenues in my field. Moreover, post graduation, I was able to become an adjunct professor in the program to help pass on the skills that I learned in my time as a student.

Baines, Mark
714-348-0142
mark.baines@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Mark Baines (M.S., M.B.A.) received his Bachelor of Business Administration Degree (BBA) in Business Management in from Gonzaga University. He also obtained secondary teaching certification in social studies at Gonzaga and secondary teaching certification in English from the University of Washington. He obtained his Master of Science Degree (MS) in Exercise Science and Health Promotion from the California University of Pennsylvania and received his Master of Business Administration Degree (MBA) in the Executive MBA Program at California State University, Fullerton with an emphasis in finance and marketing. He was a junior high school teacher, high school basketball coach, cross-country and track coach before working as a vocational educator of fitness & exercise professionals.

Education

M.B.A – California State University, Fullerton, 2008
M.S. – California University of Pennsylvania, 2006

Barnes, Brian
951-440-1466
brian.barnes@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Brian Barnes grew up in Riverside, CA and attended Arlington High School. He was an avid sports fan and played on the football team. In the hopes of being a high school coach, Brian attended the California State Polytechnic University Pomona and earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Pure Mathematics.

Since his graduation from Cal Poly, Brian has been a teacher and coach at West Covina High School in West Covina, California, serving as an assistant coach for both football and baseball, and teaching mathematics from Pre-Algebra to AP Statistics. In 2014, Brian was able to transition to a co-Athletic Director role, overseeing half of the sports on campus. In 2017, Brian took over the entire athletic department for WCHS, and still serves in this role full-time. Brian also serves as an assistant coach, working with the varsity baseball pitchers and catchers, and the junior varsity girls golf team. Brian also furthered his education by earning his Masters of Arts Degree in Coaching and Athletics Administration at Concordia University Irvine in 2019. In his time as an athletic director, he has become involved in his local, state and national athletic administrator associations. He is currently the president of the Foothill Citrus AD Association, and the league coordinator for the Valle Vista League in the San Gabriel Valley area.

I loved my time going through the MCAA program because of how many of the assignments could be directly applied to my job as an athletic director and coach. I also enjoyed all the required texts, relating the different stories and theories to my current positions. Now as a faculty member, I am most excited about continuing my learning through the students in my classes.

Begany, Edward
562-900-7756
edward.begany@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Edward Begany is an educator with over 30 years of coaching experience. He received his B.A. Degree in Physical Education from Whittier College as well as a Master of Science from National University. Mr. Begany also received his single subject teaching credential from National University and his administrative clear credential from UC Irvine. Mr. Begany is currently the Assistant principal in charge of Athletics and Guidance at El Toro High School. He is very proud of the fact that he has coached for 28 years. Mr. Begany has coached at Mater Dei H.S., Fairmont Prep H.S., St. Paul H.S., La Habra H.S., Warren H.S. and Whittier College. Mr. Begany served as the Strength coach at all of his coaching stints. He is USA certified. He is very proud of his 6 CIF Championships and a National Championship from Mater Dei H.S. Mr. Begany has also coached basketball, soccer, track and field, baseball and softball. He worked for Kevin McNair, a nationally recognized conditioning coach. Mr. Begany was responsible for training professional athletes and athletes preparing for the combines. While working for Kevin McNair he was responsible for the Dodger’s strength training program from the farm systems to the big leagues.

Bennett, Douglas
714-432-5126
douglas.bennett@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Doug Bennett is the Executive Director of College Advancement at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa.

His responsibilities include overseeing the fundraising and development activities for OCC, supervising the college's public relations and marketing team and serving as the director for OCC's weekend Swap Meet. He has been employed at OCC since 1986 and during that time he has had extensive involvement with the college's athletic program including being involved in fundraising and management of capital projects for OCC’s athletic program, supporting and supervising athletic events including state championships hosted by the college, providing advice and counsel to coaches and staff on athletic fundraising activities. He has also been involved in OCC's nationally recognized sailing and marine program, working on a variety of interesting donations and projects.

While at Orange Coast, he has been a spokesman and advocate for the college, holds the honorific title of “Mr. OCC” and has been involved in a wide range of development and communication activities including successful capital campaigns, board development, strategic planning for the foundation, endowment management, management of staff, and external and internal communications for OCC. Currently, he leads and manages Orange Coast College’s development, fundraising, communications, branding, marketing, media relations, internal communications, social enterprise activities including the highly successful Orange Coast College Swap Meet. Additionally, he serves as the Executive Director of the Orange Coast College Foundation.

Prior to joining OCC, his professional positions included being the Assistant Director of Development at St. Joseph Hospital in Orange and the public relations director for the Orange County Mental Health Association. He has a B.A. in Communications from Cal State and received my Master's from the Concordia MCAA program.

Doug lives in Orange in the foothill area near Irvine Park. He and his wife, Mailei, operate a recreation related business called the Riding Academy of Orange County which operates from their residence. They have a riding arena and own several horses that are used to provide lessons to mostly youth from about four years of age through teenagers.

Bloomfield, Keegan
949-214-3243
keegan.bloomfield@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor

Keegan Bloomfield is starting his 5th year as Head Coach of the Men’s and Women’s Track and Field Teams. He joins MCAA as an Adjunct Professor for our MCAA 567: Applied Exercise Science and Strategies of Coaching Track and Field Course.

Bloomfield states,
My goal is always to share the gospel of Jesus Christ each day with the team through actions and words. On top of that I hope that our student-athletes grow in the classroom and gain valuable experience to become good citizens. Lastly, I want them to learn to compete the best they can while an Eagle.

History was made in Bloomfield’s fourth campaign leading the Eagles as the women’s cross country team was ranked for the first time in the NCAA West Regional rankings released by USTFCCCA. The women received four consecutive rankings during the 2021 season. The women’s team also tied their highest-ever finish as a team at the PacWest Championships. On the men’s side, Bloomfield coached the highest-ever finisher for CUI at the PacWest Championships, Angel Aguirre, who took 13th place. Aguirre was later named PacWest Men's XC Scholar-Athlete of the Year.

Bloomfield has coached or recruited 14 current men’s track and field school record holders for the Eagles. He also coached or recruited 24 current school record holders on the women’s side.

Prior to moving to California, Bloomfield was a freshman admissions counselor at Concordia University, Nebraska. He also served as a missionary working with CRU, formerly Campus Crusade for Christ. While serving with CRU, Bloomfield was a part of the Nebraska Catalytic team who shared the gospel on 23 college campuses across the state of Nebraska.

Bloomfield has been a member of the U.S. Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches Association since 2015 when he got his strength and conditioning specialist certification. Bloomfield has also received his specialist certification in endurance. Bloomfield also became a Master coach in the middle distance events in the winter of 2020. In addition, he attained his USATF level I certification in February of 2014. He ran track & field and cross country at Concordia University, Nebraska under the guidance of the legendary coach, Kregg Einspahr. He has been married to his wife Anna for seven years and they have one child, Elliot Kay Bloomfield.

Career Snapshot:

USTFCCCA Academy Strength and Conditioning Certification, 2015
USTFCCCA Academy Endurance Specialist, 2016
USATF Level I Track and Field, 2013
USTFCCCA All-Academic: 7 (2018-2022)
PacWest Champions: 12 (2016-2022)
All-Americans: 2 (2016-2022)
Academic All-PacWest: 130 (2018-2022)
Brunk, John
209-499-7355
john.brunk@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

John Brunk joined the coaching staff at CUI during the 2023-24 season. His primary focus areas are speed and power including sprints, jumps, hurdles, relays, and multi events for the program.

Prior to joining CUI, Brunk coached for nine years at his alma mater, Chico State, serving as the women’s team interim head coach for the 2021-22 season before returning to his role of head assistant coach for the Men and Women’s teams for 2022-23.

During his stint at Chico, Brunk coached the Wildcats to several California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA) conference championships, including multiple top 10 national rankings. Along the way, he was named NCAA Division II West Region Men's Assistant Coach of the Year in 2017 by the United States Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches Association (USTFCCCA). In addition to his on-field coaching, Brunk managed team administration and recruiting activities.

As a coach, Brunk aims to foster a comprehensive student-athlete experience, and aid in promoting a positive team culture, growth mindset, and competitive greatness.

Before coaching, Brunk competed for Chico State, where he is considered one of the most decorated athletes in Wildcat history. During his 2011-2014 collegiate career he earned two All-American honors, seven All-CCAA awards and multiple CCAA championships. He was also named All-West Region seven times by the USTFCCCA. Brunk was named Chico State's Bud Hanna Male Scholar Athlete of the Year in 2014. Brunk’s success helped Chico State win four CCAA conference championships and post four national Top 25 finishes.

Brunk’s first All-America came in 2012, when he finished fourth in the nation in the decathlon. As a senior, Brunk scored his second decathlon All-America honor, was named USTFCCCA All-West Region in the decathlon, 400-meter dash, 4x100m and 4x400m relays, and earned All-CCAA accolades with first place finishes in the 400m and 4x100m, as well as a second place showing in the 4x400m during the 2014 conference meet. He ranks fifth all-time in the decathlon (7,351 points) and fourth in the 400-meter dash (47.66 seconds). He also was part of the third-fastest 4x400m relay time (3:11.62) in Wildcats history.

Brunk received a bachelor’s degree in Kinesiology/Movement Studies and Coaching Administration from Chico State in 2013. He earned his master’s degree at Chico State in Kinesiology/Coaching Administration in 2015. Before attending Chico State, Brunk was a multi-sport star at Oakdale High School, lettering in track & field, basketball, and soccer.

Brunk is brother to sister Kristen, another Chico State Track & Field alum. He loves the outdoor life and spending time with his family and friends. His motto of striving to make a positive impact, every day, drives his personal and professional life.

Buckley, Keith
407-619-7677
keith.buckley@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

The winningest coach in Rollins soccer history, Dr. Keith Buckley enters his 32nd year at the helm of the Tars program in 2022. His career record of 339-173-34 is the 29th best in the history of NCAA Division II men's soccer and ranks 14th among active coaches. Buckley's win total is the 12th most among active coaches.

A former standout player for the Tars, he has built his alma mater into one of the nation's premier collegiate soccer programs.

Since 2010, Buckley's Tars have posted a record of 133-59-14, won three Sunshine State Conference Championships, three SSC tournament titles, and advanced to the NCAA Tournament seven times. Buckley led the program to new heights in 2010, guiding the Tars to the NCAA Division II National Championship game, finishing runner-up to Northern Kentucky. The match was played in the midst of a Louisville, Kentucky snowstorm and a late goal by the Norse handed the Tars a 2-1 loss.

Also on Buckley's resume are five SSC Coach of the Year Awards and three NSCAA South Region Coach of the Year honors.

Buckley has mentored 18 All-America selections and six SSC Players of the Year, including Daniel Robertson, who is the only Tar to be named All-America three times and SSC Player of the Year twice.

Buckley is a class of 2008 inductee into the Rollins Sports Hall of Fame in honor of his outstanding playing career for the Tars. In March of 2005, Buckley was named Rollins College Director of Physical Education and Assistant Director of Athletics for Academic Leadership.

A standout performer for the Tars from 1984-88, Buckley returned to Rollins as an assistant coach in 1990 and was named head coach prior to the 1991 campaign. After struggling to a 3-13-1 record during his initial season at the helm, Buckley has steered the program back into the regional and national spotlight. He also coached the Rollins women's team during their first two varsity seasons and led them to consecutive 10-victory seasons and a 20-14 overall record.

After getting the men's squad back on the winning track with an 11-7-1 record in 1992, Buckley's teams enjoyed tremendous success over the next four seasons. In 1993 Rollins tied the school record for victories in a season with 14, only to break that mark the following year with a 15-3 record. The 1994 squad received national recognition as they were ranked No. 16 in the country. In 1995, the Tars reached as high as No. 6 in Division II and narrowly missed reaching the NCAA tournament as they finished with a 10-4-3 record. The 1996 squad posted a 10-7-2 record, including an eight match-winning streak during the month of October. After reloading, the Tars posted a 13-5 record during the 1998 season and in 1999 had a 14-4 record, including an impressive 5-2 mark in SSC play.

Buckley's success as a head coach is hardly a surprise considering his outstanding playing career for the Tars. One of the top forwards ever to wear the Blue and Gold, Buckley still ranks among Rollins' career leaders in several categories.

He earned First Team All-SSC honors in 1987 and was named to the second team in 1985 and 1986. He also was named First Team All-State in 1985 and 1986 and was First Team All-Region in 1987.

After graduation, Buckley began his professional career with the Albany Capitals and later played for the Orlando Lions of the American Soccer League (ASL). During the summer of '94, Buckley served as the competition director for five World Cup games held at the Citrus Bowl. In 1996 he was again involved in international soccer competition as he was part of the team that coordinated the Olympic soccer games played at the Citrus Bowl.

A native of London, England, Buckley graduated from Rollins in 1988 and completed his MBA from the Rollins Crummer Graduate School of Business in December 1994. In 2003 Buckley earned his Doctorate in Education from the University of Central Florida.

Buckley has two daughters, Emily Carol and Sarah Elizabeth.

I appreciate the quality of the students and their willingness to accept new ideas.

Burch, Dan
949-283-7857
daniel.burch@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dan began his teaching career in 1975 at San Clemente High School as a Mathematics teacher. He also coached several sports, including Varsity Soccer. He then moved to Dana Hills High School where he served as Activities Director, Director of Crossroads (an alternative school-within-a-school), and Vice Principal of discipline. In 1990, Dan was selected to be the inaugural principal of Murrieta Valley High School in Riverside County. After Murrieta, Dan served as principal of Villa Park High School before returning to Capistrano Unified School District as principal of Capistrano Valley High School in 1997. In 2001 Dan became the founding father at Tesoro High School, where he has served for 12 years. He retired from full-time administration in June 2013.

Dan has also been active in CIF-Southern Section, serving as an Executive Committee Member and Orange County Re-leaguing Chair 4 times, influencing 16 years of league placements. He is also very active in WASC accreditation, chairing more than a dozen school visits from Bakersfield to El Centro.

Dan has been an adjunct professor in the MCAA program at Concordia since 2011. He still remains active in education through temporary assignments when school districts require assistance.

Buzunis, Dino
614-980-9700
constantine.buzunis@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Camarco, Lisa
949-400-7576
Lisa.Camarco@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dr. Lisa Camarco joined the Concordia University team in November of 2023, continuing her 20-year career in coaching and education. She has been the Head Softball Coach at Santiago Canyon College for 17 years, along with teaching in the Kinesiology Department and serving as the Department Chair. Lisa was hired to start the softball program and put the inaugural team on the field in 2007. Since that time, she has built the program into one of the most dominant programs in the CalJC with 9 consecutive Super Regional appearances and a State Championship title in 2016. She is a 3-time Orange Empire Conference Coach of the Year, has received accolades as the Female Sports Coach of the Year, received the prestigious National Fastpitch Coaches Association Coaching Staff of the Year Award, has been a Faculty Excellence Award Recipient, and was an Orange County Teacher of the Year finalist in 2021. Lisa played softball at Point Loma Nazarene University and graduated with a degree in Physical Education. She went on to earn her Master’s degree in Exercise Science with an emphasis in Performance Enhancement and Injury Prevention. In May of 2016, Lisa earned her Doctorate in Education with an emphasis in Sports Management and Leadership.

It is a privilege to join the MCAA and MSCE team at Concordia University. I am passionate about teaching, coaching, and equipping our next generation to lead with purpose.

Campbell, Jerry
361-571-0463
jerry.campbell@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Career History and Selected Accomplishments

CLOVIS WEST HIGH SCHOOL – Clovis, California
2009–present, Division 1 Level High School.

Varsity Offensive Coordinator – Offensive Line, Quarterback Coach, JV Head Coach and Health Teacher

Responsible for implementation of philosophies as directed by the Head football coach. Responsible for the installation of a no huddle Gun and Under Center spread and Hybrid Gun offense that included zone reads and passing game.
Responsible for practice scripts, wrist bands, offensive scouting reports.

2011 – Present Adjunct Professor: Concordia University Irvine, California –Master’s Degree Program: Football Coaching & Administration
2009 Play-off Qualifiers
2010 Play-offs, Tri Rivers Athletic Conference Champions, Central Valley Champions 12-1 Season
2011 Play-off Qualifiers
2012 Attended and participated in the Marine Corp Educators Workshop in San Diego, California

CLOVIS HIGH SCHOOL – Clovis, California
2007 – 2009, Division 1 Level High School.

Head Football Coach and PE Teacher


Responsible for implementation of philosophies, schemes, strategies, techniques and skills development at all levels, including intermediate schools. Supervised and evaluated the performance of all boys’ coaches at high school and intermediate schools.

Implemented football schemes and techniques for 8 Elementary Schools and one Intermediate school.
Assisted in the creation and start up of a youth football program in Clovis, California that provided teams for the ages 8 through 12 years of age.
National High School Football Coaches Association - Regional Director, Western Region, Honorary Board Member
2008 Co-Head Coach of The Year: Football TRI Rivers Athletic Conference
2008-2009 Educator of the Year Clovis High School

VICTORIA MEMORIAL HIGH SCHOOL – Victoria, Texas
2003 – 2007, 5-A Level High School.

Head Football Coach and Boys Campus Coordinator


Responsible for implementation of philosophies, schemes, strategies, techniques and skills development at all levels, including intermediate schools.
Supervised and evaluated the performance of all boys’ coaches at high school and intermediate schools.

WESTWOOD HIGH SCHOOL – Austin, Texas
2000 – 2003, 5-A Level High School.

Varsity Offensive Coordinator – JV Boys Soccer Coach - Teacher

Developed a multiple offensive scheme, geared to an option and passing attack. Coordinated and installed offensive schemes for all levels. Health Teacher and Athletic period coordinator.

District 14, 5A co-champions (2002)
State play-offs 2002

TEXAS A & M UNIVERSITY, KINGSVILLE – Kingsville, Texas
*1993 – 1997, NCAA Division II with consistently high Team and Offensive statistic rankings.

Offensive Line Coach and Kinesiology Instructor

Installed all offensive procedures dealing with blocking the run and pass game. National and Regional level recruiter.
Coached defensive line in 1993.

Awards and Recognition

1996 Number 1 ranked team in NCAA Division II regular season.
1996 Number 1 ranked team in scoring in the nation
1995 Number 1 ranked rushing offense in the country NCAA Division II
1993, 1995, 1996 Lone Star conference champs
1993, 1995, 1996 NCAA Play-Off qualifier
1993, 1995 Western Regional Champions and Semi National Finalist
1995 Number 2 nationally ranked team in NCAA Division II
Number 1 ranked team at the NCAA Division II level in scoring 40.1 points per game, number 3 ranked in total offense per game, number 2 ranked team in rushing offense in the nation
Coached numerous All-Americans and most recently a number 1 NFL draft pick with the Philadelphia Eagles
1993 Top 10 ranked defenses at the NCAA Division II level

* 1997 – 2000 coached at Western Hills High School (DC) and Edinburgh North High School
**Early career includes extensive achievements in coaching and teaching at the College and High School Level.

Education
Texas Teacher Life Time Certified/Texas A & M University, Kingsville
MA, Physical Education / Athletic Administration; California State University–Chico, Chico, CA
BA, Physical Education; California State University-Chico, Chico, CA.
AA, General Studies; Butte Community College, Oroville, Ca.
California Life Time Single Subject Teaching Credential
Document Number: 090040908
Authorized Subjects: Health Science, Physical Education
CBEST&nbsp; Certified California
CLAD&nbsp; Certification in Second Language Acquisition
Awards and Achievements
2005 Texas State Football Play-off Qualifier
2005, 2006 7 on 7 Texas State Qualifier, College Station
2005 Selected and chosen to coach NCAA Division II College All-star game (Cactus Bowl), Kingsville, Texas
2004 Texas State Football Play-off Qualifier
2004 7 on 7 State Qualifier, College Station
2004 Selected and chosen to coach NCAA Division II College All-star game (Cactus Bowl), Kingsville, Texas
2004 Selected and served as a Board of Directors member for the Texas 7 on 7 State Qualifying Tournaments.
Professional Organizations

Texas High School Coaches Association (32193)
National High School Coaches Association

Publications

Article Publications

Texas Coach, April 2005 edition.
“7 on 7 The Next Season”
Texas Coach, February 2005 edition.
“Installing the Gun Option Running Game”
Texas Coach, February 2005 edition.
"Offensive Line Blocking Structure for Inside Zone Running Game"
Texas Coach, December 1999 edition
“Having the Option to Option”
Texas Coach, October 1998 edition.
“Quick Draw Punch and Run”
“Evolution of the Offensive Line” Master Thesis copyrighted May 1993.

National Book and Manual Publications
“War In The Trenches” Offense and Defensive Line Play
Authors Jerry Campbell and Vic Rowen
Published and copyrighted December 2012

“How To Install The Diamond Wing-t”
Published and copyrighted April 2012

“How To Combine The 3.3.5 With The 4.2.5”
Published and copyrighted June 2011

"Taking The Option Game To The Next Level"
Published and copyrighted August 2010

"How To Install The Hybrid Wing-T Offense"
Published and copyrighted August 2011

“How To Install The Complete Passing Game“
Published and copyrighted April 2009

"How To Install The Single Wing and Wildcat Offense”
Published and copyrighted May 2009

“Installation of The Gun, Pistol, and Under Center Offense”
Published and copyrighted January 2009 

“Installation of Multiple Four Man Fronts”
Published and copyrighted January 2009

“Installation of The Pistol Offense”
Published and copyrighted January 2008

“Installation of Multiple Defensive Schemes”
Published and copyrighted January 2008

“Installation of The Complete Option Game”
Published and copyrighted August 2000

"Installation of The Ultimate Passing Game”
Published and copyrighted September 2000

“Installation of The Ultimate Running Game”
Published and copyrighted September 2000

“Installation of The Single Wing Offense”
Published and copyrighted January 2000

“101 Defensive Line Drills”
Published and copyrighted July 1999

“101 Offensive Line Drills”
Published and copyrighted June 1999

“Installing The Multiple 40 Defense”
Published and copyrighted May 1999

“Installing The 5 – 2 Defense”
Published and copyrighted 1996

“The Complete Drills Manual”
Published and copyrighted August 1998

“Installing The One Back Offense”
Published and copyrighted 1998

“Installing The “I” Back Offense”
Published and copyrighted January 1999

“Installing The 3 – 4 Defense”
Published and copyrighted 1994

“Installation of The Kicking Game”
Published and copyrighted June 1995

“Offensive Line Play, The Next Generation”
Published and copyrighted January 1998

“Defensive Line Drills and Techniques”
Published and copyrighted September 1998

“Linebacker Drills and Techniques”
Published and copyrighted December 1997

“Secondary Drills and Techniques”
Published and copyrighted June 1995

“The Evolution of Offensive Line Play 1610 to 1999”
Published and copyrighted June 1999

National Instructional Football Coaching Video Publications

Coaching Youth Football 5 tape series for coaching youth football
Published and Copyrighted December 2004 by Championship Books and Videos

“Installing the Inside Veer”
Published and copyrighted January 2002

“Installing the Load, Lead, and Speed Options”
Published and copyrighted January 2002

“Option On Me”
Published and copyrighted January 2002

“Installing the Midline Option”
Published and copyrighted January 2002

“The “I” Back Offense: Running Plays”
Championship Books and Videos June 2002

“The “I” Back Offense: The Overview”
Championship Books and Videos June 2002

“The “I” Back Offense: Installing the Option”
Championship Books and Videos June 2002

“The “I” Back Offense: Pass Protection Principles"
Championship Books and Videos June 2002

“Confusing Offenses with the Multiple 5 – 2 Defense”
Championship Books and Videos June 2002

Youth Football four Tape Video Series: Published and Produced in Detroit, Michigan by Championship Books and Videos:
Released December 2004

“Installing the 50 Defense”, “Stance and fundamentals”, “Defensive Line Basics”, “Installing the Option”

My reasons for teaching for Concordia University is the sincere passion it brings for facilitating such a positive learning environment and caring for its students and outstanding support for its faculty, a great family atmosphere.

Cattau, Curt
714-476-3995
curt.cattau@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Curt W. Cattau was born in Columbus Nebraska and grew up on a dairy farm. During those early years he did not have the opportunity to participate in any organized sports while attending a small rural Lutheran elementary school. It wasn’t until Curt attended Concordia Prep High School in Seward, Nebraska that he enjoyed participation and success in football and wrestling.

After graduating from Concordia High School he continued his education at Concordia Teachers College in Seward, Nebraska earning a Secondary Education degree with a Physical Education major and Biology minor. Curt also participated on the wrestling team for 2 years and football team for 3 years. He earned a Varsity Letter in each of those seasons. He was a member of the wrestling team his freshman year and football team his sophomore year that each earned Hall of Fame status for their successful seasons at Concordia University.

Curt married Ruth Ann Klammer during their college years and after graduation both began their teaching careers in the Milwaukee, Wisconsin area. Ruth taught at Hales Corners Lutheran Grade School and Curt began his teaching, coaching, and administration career at Martin Luther High School in Greendale, Wisconsin. During that time they had 2 sons, Andrew and Luke.

Curt’s teaching responsibilities during his 18 years at Martin Luther included Physical Education, Biology, and Religion. He also had many coaching responsibilities as an assistant coach in wrestling, football, and track and field. Curt’s head coaching positions include Track and Field (5 years) and Football (10 years). Curt was fortunate to have teams that earned 3 Conference Championships, 7 Playoff appearances, and 2 state finalist finishes as the Head Football Coach. He was named the Athletic Director in his 6 th year at Martin Luther and continued in that position for 13 years. During that time he served 5 years on the Board of Directors for the Conference and 3 years on the State Athletic Association Board. During his years at Martin Luther Curt earned his MS in Human Kinetics at University of Wisconsin – Milwaukee.

In 1991 Curt accepted a position at Concordia University Irvine and served as a faculty member for 29 years. He taught in the Exercise and Sport Science major for 24 years. During that time he was the Division Chair for 12 years and instituted the Sport Management program as part of the Exercise and Sport Science degree. Curt became a full time faculty member in the School of Business and Program Director when the Sport Management Program moved all courses to the School of Business. He has taught in the MCAA since the beginning of the program. Curt earned his PhD from the University of New Mexico in Sport Administration.

Curt was involved with the Concordia University Athletic Department as the Head Softball Coach for 3 years. He took on the Athletic Director role after coaching and held the position for 8 years. After retiring as the Athletic Director he became the Faculty Athletic Representative for 8 years. During his time in those 2 positions CUI won 7 National Championships in the NAIA. Curt was honored as a member in the CUI Hall of Fame as a Coach, Athletic Director and FAR in 2014. Curt retired from full time ministry at Concordia University in 2020 and he and Ruth now reside in Loveland Colorado. He continues to teach as an adjunct faculty for the MCAA in the area of Sport Psychology.

One of the reasons I was originally drawn to teach at Concordia University over 30 years ago was the mission of the university, “guided by the Great Commission of Christ Jesus and the Lutheran Confessions to empower students through the liberal arts and professional studies for lives of learning, service and leadership.” So when I first heard about the MCAA program that CUI was developing I realized the impact that this curriculum could have on the coaching profession when this mission stated would be applied. I am humbled and feel honored to be a part of the program, developing and teaching the online Psychology of Coaching class.

Curtis, Christy
949-303-8265
christy.curtis@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Christy Curtis is an Adjunct Professor of the Concordia Masters of Arts in Coaching and Athletic Administration program. She completed her undergraduate degree in English Literature and Master’s degree in Education Administration from the University of Redlands. During this time she was a member of the women’s basketball program and is a current committee member for the University of Redlands athletic hall of fame. After college, she started her teaching/coaching career in high school athletics and Athletic Directorship in Banning, CA. Her passion for teaching and coaching volleyball, basketball, and softball took her to Howard High School in Maryland before returning to California to accept the Athletic Director position at Capistrano Valley High School in Orange County, CA. While at Capistrano Valley High School she taught English, Physical Education, coached girl’s basketball, and served as an Interim Assistant Principal. In addition to these duties, she has also been the PE department chair for the past four years. As the boys and girls Athletic Director for eight years, she has authored two district high school athletic coaching handbooks with an emphasis on principles of coaching and leadership. Under her tenure, she helped guide and shape twenty-six varsity athletic programs, over one hundred coaching staff members, and 1,500 student-athletes yearly. Christy has also been an involved member of the CIF-Southern Section, serving on both Athletic Administration and Technology committees. In addition to her role as a high school physical educator, she is a published author and teaches adult professional development. Christy is actively connected with the yoga and mindfulness community of Orange County as a leader of workshops, trainings for athletes, and studio instruction.

I appreciate the dedication of coaches and future administrative leaders of athletics who are willing to grow, learn, and implement their skills to better shape our future. I like being able to get to know each student on a personal level and support them to achieve their goals. 

Davis, Mark
281-381-8781
mark.davis1@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Mark Davis received his teaching certificate from Concordia Teachers College in Seward, Nebraska. He later earned a Master's degree in Educational Administration from Azusa Pacific University in Southern California. His teaching experience includes middle/high school ministry in Arkansas and Hawaii. While in Hawaii, Mark also served as an elementary principal at St. Mark Lutheran School in Kaneohe and was assistant basketball coach at Hawaii Loa College.

Mark's experience includes ministry with the Lutheran Church Foundation and a home-builder in Tennessee. Mark has over thirty years of high school coaching experience in both football and basketball, and served as Athletic Director at Lutheran High School of Hawaii, Orange Lutheran High School in California and Concordia Lutheran High School in Texas. Mark and his wife Jean have been married for 34 years and they have two children.

Dohling, Brent
949-374-7236
brent.dohling@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Brent Dohling was born in Arcadia, California. In his early childhood, Brent sat on the bench during varsity boys' basketball games as he watched his Dad serve as head coach for the Arcadia Apaches. Years later, Brent attended Arcadia High School where he was a 3x letterman in both basketball and baseball that included three straight league titles in baseball. Brent earned San Gabriel Valley All-Area recognition in basketball (2002) and baseball (2001,2002) as well as 1st team All-CIF honors for baseball. He was also named "Athlete of the Year" in 2002.

After graduating high school, Brent pursued baseball at Citrus Community College in Azusa, CA., where they won the Western State Conference South Division. Brent then accepted a baseball scholarship to Concordia University Irvine where he helped lead Concordia to the NAIA 2006 World Series. He ranks second in school history in doubles (48) and extra-base hits (66). Brent received his B.A., M.A., and Secondary Teaching Credential from Concordia University Irvine. He graduated from the Masters in Coaching & Athletic Administration program in 2010.

After serving as the graduate assistant baseball coach at Concordia University in 2008 and varsity assistant coaching positions at Aliso Niguel HS and San Clemente HS, Brent accepted the position of Physical Education teacher and Varsity Head Baseball Coach at Tarbut V Torah (TVT) Community Day School in Irvine, CA. in 2010. In 2012, Brent became the high school Athletic Director at TVT and later named the first K-12 Director of Athletics in 2014. Brent was a 4x Coach of the Year within the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) during his tenure at TVT.

In 2019, Brent accepted the position of Assistant Principal of Athletics & 11/12 Discipline at Mission Viejo High School. In the summer of 2021, Brent was promoted to serve as the Coordinator of Athletics, PE and Health for Saddleback Valley Unified School District.

In addition, he belongs to the California State Athletic Director Association (CSADA) and Orange Country Athletic Director Association (OCADA). Also, he serves on the CIFSS Public/Private Committee.

Brent resides in Ladera Ranch, CA with his beautiful wife, Carin, and their three daughters, Emery, Kinsley, and Taylor. The Dohling family are active members at Faith Lutheran Church in Capistrano Beach, CA.

The MCAA program provides a platform for personal and professional growth. The variety of courses and collaborative learning environment equip graduates with a toolbox of resources to develop a positive culture successfully. The program also forces us to examine our "why," which leads us to reflect on how we can better serve others both inside and outside the lines.

Duplantis, Lauren
601-466-5721
lauren.duplantis@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

I'm pleased to be a member of the MCAA team. My background in sport includes playing women's basketball at the University of Utah where I earned All-American honors. Following a brief stint in professional basketball in Athens, Greece, I continued my education at The University of Southern Mississippi where I completed my MS in Sport Administration and my PhD in Human Performance & Recreation while fulfilling Graduate Assistant duties in the Golden Eagle athletic department. I was fortunate to use my experience at Southern Miss in developing my dissertation research, A System for Evaluating Emergency Response Capabilities at a University Sporting Venue. Prior to university teaching, I spent six and half years as a teacher, coach and athletic director in the Forsyth County School System in Cumming, GA. I enjoy using my different roles and perspectives in sport to compliment my teaching in the classroom!

Forkum, James
949-214-3576
james.forkum@cui.edu
MCAA Staff, Director of Collegiate Recruitment and Retention
Biography

Concordia University Irvine Master's Degree in Coaching and Athletic Administration Program (MCAA) proudly announces the addition of Dr. James Forkum to its staff. Dr. Forkum (Jim) has had a stellar career spanning 44 years as a teacher, professor, men's basketball coach, academic and athletic administrator, college admissions director, and speaker on adult learning theory and generational differences. He no sooner joined the staff when he was named the National Community College Athletic Director of the Year. The MCAA Program is delighted to welcome him as the National Director of Collegiate Recruitment and Retention.

Jim recently served as Santa Rosa Junior College's Dean of Instruction in Kinesiology, Athletics, and Dance, and Director of Athletics. He oversaw a large academic program offering over 230 different course offerings and supervised a teaching staff of fifteen full time teaching faculty and over 50 part-time instructors. As Dean of Instruction, Jim routinely supervised all facets of the total operation of the division including major and certificate development, curriculum development, course scheduling, and faculty/staff evaluations.

As Director of Athletics, Jim had responsibilities for 20 sport programs, (one of California's largest) as well as seven club sports. Jim administered the athletic participation of over 500 student-athletes and club participants competing in the Big 8 Conference. Jim's teams won over 35 Big 8 Conference championships, 10 Nor Cal titles and five state championships.

Jim is especially proud of the academic achievements of his athletes. Santa Rosa Junior College (SRJC) student-athletes have been recognized with numerous conference and state individual and team academic awards, including National Alliance of Two Year College Athletic Administrators (NATYCAA's) National Male Scholar Athlete of the Year. Every year SRJC averaged over 14 student-athletes earning perfect 4.0 GPAs and the athletes as a whole consistently averaged a higher GPA than the student body at large – just below 3.0.

I am proud and humbled to join the Concordia University Irvine Master's in Coaching and Athletic Administration program. I truly believe getting involved with this program is the next step in my evolution as an athletics administrator, coach, and graduate level educator. I am convinced the MCAA degree can be a transformative event in the professional development of our students.

Dr. Forkum resides in Santa Rosa with his wife, Dr. Sherry Forkum, and has two grown children who both reside in the San Francisco area.

Fahey, Christopher
916-599-8277
christopher.fahey@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Chris Fahey is currently the Director of Corporate Sponsorship for the California Interscholastic Federation. Prior to joining the CIF, Chris was the Director of Athletics and Assistant to the President at Jesuit High School in Carmichael, CA for six years. During his tenure as AD, Chris was the large school representative for the CIF Sac-Joaquin Section Board of Managers and was named the CSADA Athletic Director of the Year for the CIF Sac-Joaquin Section in 2015. Prior to his role as the Director of Athletics, Chris was the Director of Student Activities and teacher for 11 years and coached high school baseball for 18 years. He is a graduate of California State University-Sacramento with a bachelor’s degree in Social Science and a master’s degree in Educational Leadership from National University. Chris and his wife, Brooke (a 5th grade teacher), have been married for 22 years. They have two children: Madeline (a student-athlete at Cal Lutheran University) and Sophia (a student-athlete at St. Francis HS).

I’m honored to be a part of the educational/professional journey of our students in the MCAA program. I appreciate the vast diversity of viewpoints and experiences of our students, as well as the roles they currently fill and their aspirations for career advancement.

Forkum, Sharon
916-847-9974
sharon.forkum@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dr. Sherry Forkum joined the Concordia University Master’s in Coaching and Athletic Administration team in 2019 continuing a career in education, having taught grades K-12, undergrad levels (including community college and 4-year), and graduate level in the fields of English, Literature, and Education and California credentialing. Her current responsibility is teaching the MCAA 595 Portfolio course, serving on master’s and doctoral committees, professionally editing, and teaching American Literature and English Foundations courses for St. Augustine High School – Tucson. She continues to mentor new teachers at all grade levels, K- College. Sherry has amassed a stellar career as a teacher, professor, mentor, consultant, and speaker on adult learning theory, generational differences, and athletics administration at all levels. She has coached swimming and diving at the high school level and coached NCAA Division II cheerleading. She has specialized certificates in Second Language Acquisition, Gifted and Talented Education, Special Education, and Technology. Along with being a published author of children’s books, she has also been a special reviewer for 2018 seventh edition of The St. Martin’s Handbook by Andrea A. Lunsford. Majoring in English Composition in her undergrad degree, she has had many years of professional editing in business, church, and educational arenas. While an associate professor of English at William Jessup University, she was director of the Warrior Writing Center (WWC), creating the environment and instructional manual for the student-workers, and trained and managed the graduate student leaders for the WWC.

In her spare time, Sherry, along with her husband Dr. Jim Forkum, have presented from Florida to Hawaii and Internationally, predominately in the Middle East, on the topic of adult learning theory, generational differences, and effective communication with today’s Millennials and Homelanders, including Millennial and the Homelander student-athletes, given at the NATYCAA and NACDA Conventions in Orlando, Florida in 2009, Dallas in 2017, and Orlando in 2019. In July of 2014 we conducted a workshop in Vancouver, Washington, for 83 members of the Northwest Athletics Association of Community Colleges (NWAC) winter convention which included commissioners, athletics directors and support staffs from 34 Oregon and Washington institutions, three times at the NACDA/NATYCAA national convention, and twice in Yakima, Washington to the Washington State Interscholastic Association Summer Coaches School attended by over 450 middle and high school coaches.

On the athletics administration side of the house at Santa Rosa Junior College, Sherry fully understands the rigors of being an AD as she taught on the Santa Rosa Junior College campus where Jim had the responsibility for a twenty-sport program, and seven club teams, one of the largest and most successful in California community colleges. In total, Jim administered to the needs of over 400 student-athletes who competed in the Big 8 Conference, arguably the most competitive athletics conference in California and perhaps the nation. She had many student-athletes in her English courses and attended many of their events. Sherry is aware of the importance of coordination and communication between the athletics department and general campus faculty.

Ever the adventurers, Sherry and Jim began new career adventures in 2014 moving to Alexandria, Egypt, to assume positions at Schutz American School. Sherry had the responsibility of holding a first grade class in the primary school as a lab, allowing teachers PreK-12, to observe various components of teaching, and then going into their classrooms to observe, teach, and help insert technology components into their lessons and professional use. Jim had responsibility for Physical Education and the athletics department at Schutz American School while Jim’s major focus was on establishing and administering the first true interscholastic athletics league among Alexandria’s eleven international schools sponsoring interscholastic sports.

When their Middle East adventure concluded, Jim and Sherry returned to their favorite spot in the world, Carmel-by-the-Sea on the Monterey Peninsula, where both volunteer for the Monterey Bay Aquarium where they have been charter members for many years. Additionally, Jim continues to serve the CCCADA and NATYCAA as a retired past president and both will continue to speak on generational differences and athletics administration through their consulting firm. He also sits on the MJCAA Foundation Board. Both are now charter board of trustee members of Global Parity Foundation, providing health services to women and children in rural areas of Nepal. Finally, while continuing to deliver workshops, presentations, and consulting for athletics and education and amassing more information on generations and instruction, in their free time, both volunteer at various organizations around whatever area they are living, which happens to be Tucson, Arizona. As time permits, they are avid world-wide travelers, having accumulated many friendships around the globe.

For more information you may contact Sherry at: sherry.forkum@cui.edu or via phone at 916.847.9974.

Galloway, Carl
760-845-9291
carl.galloway@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Carl Galloway is an alum of Biola University with a major in Kinesiology and an MA from the MCAA program at Concordia. He played baseball for Biola University and was drafted by the Philadelphia Phillies. Galloway began as a strength and conditioning coach at Whittier Christian High School. He later served as the Associate Athletic Director and Director of Sports Performance at Orange Lutheran High School. Currently, Carl serves as Assistant Principal and Athletic Director at Vista Murrieta High School. He lives in Murrieta, CA, with his wife Carrie, his sons Tyson and Carl III, and his daughter Jadyn.

Serving within the MCAA program has allowed me to lead and equip others while continuing to challenge and grow myself.

Glabb, Scott
714-546-4682
scott.glabb@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Head Wrestling Coach
Biography

Scott grew up in the state of Washington. He graduated in 1980 from Evergreen High School in Vancouver, Washington. Thereafter, he attended Pacific University in Forest Grove, Oregon, where he wrestled for two seasons. He then transferred to Eastern Washington University in Cheney, Washington, and wrestled for two years and coached one season. He graduated in 1985 with a bachelor’s degree in speech communication and education. He also holds a bachelor’s degree in English from California State University, Long Beach and a master’s degree in athletic administration from Concordia University. In the fall of 1990, he took his teaching and coaching skills to Santa Ana High School at a time when the sport was struggling dismally to gain the respect of the Orange County Wrestling community. In 1993, he guided the Saints to their first league championship than to a further twenty-six straight league titles. Glabb’s teams have also won thirteen CIF (California Interscholastic Federation) titles.

He has, to date, compiled an overall record of 414 wins and 71 losses. He has coached thirty-six individual CIF champions, sixty-six state qualifiers, and eighteen state place winners. The teams best finish was in 1999 when they placed 4th in the California State Championships and won the southern section Masters Meet. Aside from these accomplishments, he is extremely proud of two national championship wrestlers he has coached, Tony Perez (1998) and José De Leon (1999). Also, an alumnus of Glabb’s is professional mixed martial arts fighter Gilbert “El Niño” Melendez who holds a world championship belt at 155 pounds and now fights for the UFC (Ultimate Fighting Championships).

The program had their first California State Champion in the history of the school this past season (2017-2018). Joey Daniel accomplished the feat at 220lbs. He was also a 3x CIF Champion, A Masters Champion, 2x Masters Meet Runner-up and was 2nd at the NHSCA National Championships in Virginia Beach, VA.

With girls wrestling as one of the fastest-growing sports in California, the Santa Ana girl's wrestling team has had the parallel success that of the boy's team with a 2nd place finish at state in 2013, 4th in state 2012 and a 6th place finish in 2014. The girl's program has 2 state champions, 11 state place winners, 5 CIF Champions and 4 All-Americans.

Glabb is currently a member of the Orange County Wrestling Coaches Association and a was member of the CIF Wrestling Advisory Committee from 1998 to 2019.

In 2010 Glabb published a book called " A Saint in the City." It is the story of the individual journeys of a young coach who was clinically depressed who found a generation of equally lost kids and how they each found inner strength to fight day after day on and off the wrestling mat while everyone else was saying it was impossible to succeed. Lesson Plans & Curriculum are now available that align with the book and can be used as a supplemental resource for the classroom.

Glabb has been an adjunct professor for the Masters in Coaching and Athletic Administration program through Concordia University since 2011. In 2016, He created a new class for the MCAA program called "Faith-Based Coaching." He also teaches “Principles and Strategies of Coaching Wrestling.”

He resides In Costa Mesa, California with his Wife, a biology teacher, and 2 teenage sons.

Number of years/months of service in the MCAA program:
2 Years as a student and 11 years as an instructor for coaching.
Number of years/months in Athletics Administration:
2 Years as Athletic Director and 40 years as a coach.
Honors/Awards/Recognition:
1996 OC Register Wrestling Coach of the Year
1996 LA Times Coach of the Year
1996 Orange County Wrestling Coaches Assoc. Coach of the Year
1998 OC Register Wrestling Coach of the Year
1998 Orange County Wrestling Coaches Assoc. Coach of the Year
1999 NCWA California State Coach of the Year
2003 Fellowship of the Christian Athlete "John Wooden" Coach of the Year
2007 California Coaches Association State Coach of the Year
2014 National Wrestling Hall of Fame: California Chapter
2015 California Wrestling Hall of Fame
2015 Santa Ana Unified School District’s Sports Wall of Fame
2017 Santa Ana Unified School District’s High School Teacher of the Year
2018 Semi-finalist for the Orange County Educator of the Year
2018 Honored a Commemoration in Congress by US Representative Lou Correa of California’s 46 Congressional District
Glover, Bryan
714-726-4505
bryan.glover@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Coach Glover began his coaching career at the University of Nebraska where he earned a bachelors of Science degree in exercise science. While at Nebraska he was mentored by Boyd Epley and Mike Arthur at Husker Power. Bryan was introduced to strength and conditioning by competing in high school sports at Grand Island Central Catholic in Nebraska.

In 2000, Bryan accepted an assistant position at Colgate University. After two years of service he became the head strength coach at Colgate University. From Colgate he moved on to Oregon State University as assistant strength coach for one year.

He currently resides in Orange, California with his wife Jamie, daughter Lily Anne and son Jackson. He is associate athletic director at Orange Lutheran High School. His emphasis is directing the performance duties at Orange Lutheran. He has been assisting with the strength and conditioning ESS 585 Strength and Conditioning Class. This year he will be directing the class on site at Orange Lutheran and online.

The National Strength and Conditioning Association C.S.C.S. certify Bryan and he is strength coach certified by the Strength and Conditioning Coaches Association S.C.C.C.

Gonzales, Mike
949-632-5112
michael.gonzales@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Mike grew up in Lake Forest, California where he attended El Toro High School and played football, wrestling, and baseball. After high school, Mike attended Santa Ana Junior College and then earned a scholarship to play baseball at San Jose State University where he earned his undergraduate degree. Mike later earned a Masters in Teaching and now teaches and coaches at the high school he attended.

Mike has been the Head Baseball at El Toro High School since 2001 and teaches Civics in the Social Science Department. Since 2001, his teams have won 10 League Championships, 2 CIF Championship (2008, 2017), and consistently ranked in the county, state, and nation. His teams have been ranked as high as #2 in Baseball America’s past preseason polls and recently came in at #14 for their 2017 poll. In 2017, El Toro ended up 27-7-1 and won the Division I CIF Championship at Dodger Stadium with a 4-0 over Corona High School. El Toro finished ranked #2 in California and in the top ten in the nation in various polls. As a result of the team's success, Mike was named the Cal-Hi Sports State Coach of the Year as well as the Southern California Baseball Coach of the Year.

Mike has been fortunate to have great players who have been awarded scholarships to various PAC 12, SEC, WAC, Big West schools such as Cal State Fullerton, Mississippi State, UC-Irvine, UCLA, Oregon, Fresno State, San Diego State, Gonzaga, Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, Loyola Marymount, Nevada-Reno, as well as players sign professional contracts. Matt Chapman has been our highest drafted player being selected as the 25th player overall in the 1st round of the 2014 MLB draft. Mike has had 4 Rawlings Gold Glove winners in Nolan Arenado (Rockies/Cardinals), Mitchell Tolman (Oregon), Jayson Yano (Stevens) and Matt Chapman (CSF/Oakland A’s). Also, Matt Chapman made his MLB debut June 15, 2017 and became the third player along with Austin Romine and Nolan Arenado to reach the MLB from El Toro High School.

Probably one of the cooler moments in Mike’s career was when he and his wife flew to Colorado during the 2013 season to see the Rockies play the Yankees. Two of his former players, Nolan Arenado and Austin Romine, who were high school teammates in 2007 at El Toro, played against each other during inter-league play. Mike measures the character of a person on how they treat his family and it is hard to find two better people with more character than Nolan and Austin. Another proud moment took place in November of 2019 when Rawlings flew Mike and his wife to New York City to present the Rawlings Gold Glove and Platinum Glove to Nolan and Matt. They made history by being the only high school teammates to win the Gold Glove and Platinum Glove at 3B. Mike currently serves on the CIF-SS Baseball Coaches Advisory Committee which includes recommendations for rules and procedural changes, recommendations for playoff sites, assistance to coaches and officials organizations, and a liaison between coaches and officials organizations as well as notifying the CIF-SS office of the weekly Top Ten Poll.

Mike is married to his wife Angelica and they have four wonderful children Esperanza, Michael, Nacho, and Estrella.

Mike teaches the MCAA 577 Applied Exercise Sciences & Strategies for Coaching Baseball.

Honors/Awards/Recognitions:
2018 - Recognized as Top 25 High School Baseball Dynasties
2018 - South Head Coach Orange County All Star Game
2017 - Cal-Hi Sports State Coach of the Year
2017 - Southern California Coach of the Year
2017 - Los Angeles Times Coach of the Year
2017 - CIF Southern Section Coach of the Year
2016 – West Head Coach Perfect Game All American Game
2009 – 2013 – Head Coach Southwest Futures All Star Series
2009 – South Head Coach Orange County All Star Game
2008 – Diamond Baseball National West Region Coach of the Year
2008 – CIF Southern Section Coach of the Year
2008 – Orange County Register High School Coach of the Year
Teaching
MCAA 570 Sport Medicine and Performance
MCAA 585 Strength and Conditioning

"I appreciate the MCAA program because it provides an opportunity to work with such an articulate and highly motivated faculty at Concordia University."

Hagerty, Steve
951-536-4494
stephen.hagetry@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Coach Hagerty has 36 years of coaching experience including 28 as head coach. He is currently the Head Coach and Athletics Director at Bishop Amat High School, titles he has held since 2008.

Since 2008 and for the past 15 years, he has led Bishop Amat, with the exception of the spring of 2021 when they played a bizarre shortened 5 game schedule due to Covid, Coach Hagerty has led Bishop Amat to winning seasons and is typically ranked among the elite programs in California while competing in one of the top two football leagues in the state. He has won 5 league championships at Amat and in 2022 made it to the semifinals in Division II. This same season he achieved his 200th "W" as a head football coach. There are a very small percentage of head coaches who ever make it to that landmark number of victories.

He is considered in high school prep football circles to be one of the Top 5 Coaches in So Cal. More importantly, Steve has done a tremendous job of developing young men of stellar character and strong faith.

Personally, Coach Hagerty has been married to his wife for 36 years. Coach resides in Claremont California. They have 6 children and 3 grandchildren.

Hooper, Heath
706-781-5974
heath.hooper@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dr. Heath Hooper has been in Higher Education now for 12 years. He serves as the Dean of the Ledbetter College of Business and Professor of Sport Management at Shorter University.

Dr. Hooper is additionally very involved in his local community as he serves on the Executive Board of Directors for the local Rome Floyd Chamber of Commerce and as the 2022 President of the Board for the Rome Floyd County Commission on Children and Youth. Additionally, Dr. Hooper serves on the executive board for the Rome Floyd Chamber of Commerce. Beginning in January 2024, Dr. Hooper will serve as the Chairman of the Board. Dr. Hooper has been recognized within the community as Young Professional of the Year and has been nominated for “Best of Rome for 2023” as best professor.

Dr. Hooper was elected in 2023 as a Board Member for Commission of Sport Management Accreditation Association. Dr. Hooper has been involved in numerous publications and presentations. See below:

Dr. Hooper is an alum of the MCAA program at CUI-Irvine in which he completed the program in 2011. Dr. Hooper has served as an adjunct instructor since 2016 in which he instructs the 550 graduate research methods course for the MCAA/MSCE programs.

NATIONAL PRESENTATIONS

Applied Sport Management Association (ASMA) Conference - Baton Rouge, LA: 2016 Topic: “Lack of Social Media Policy in NCAA Athletic Departments”
Indiana University Pennsylvania Sport Business Conference – Indiana, PA: 2016 – Topic: “Identifying the Significance of Cultural Diversity in Advising Student-Athletes” National Alliance of Social Work in Sports Conference – Atlanta, GA: 2016 – Topic: “Learning Disabilities Amongst Today’s NCAA Student-Athletes”
Map for Success: Learning Improvement for Traditional College Students – Rome, GA 2016 – Shorter University
Applied Sport Management Association (ASMA) Conference – Baton Rouge, LA: 2017 Topic: “NCAA Power Five Conference Autonomy: A Case Study on the Rise and Fall of NCAA Division I College & University Profit”
Commission of Sport Management Association Conference – Tampa, FL: 2017 – Topic: "Best Practices in Assessment in Sport Management Education."
North American Society for Sport Management – Denver, CO: 2017 – Topic: "An Investigation of the Role of Communication Privacy Management Theory in the Development of NCAA Division I Social Media Policies”
Commission of Sport Management Association Conference – Atlanta, GA: 2018 – Topic: “Incorporating Practicality within the Sport Management Curriculum”
Commission of Sport Management Association Conference – Baton Rouge, LA. 2020 – Panel Discussion – Lead Moderator – “Sport Management on the Rise”
Commission of Sport Management Association Conference – Baton Rouge, LA 2020 – Topic: “Corruptive Recruiting Practices between Collegiate and Grassroots Program”
Commission of Sport Management Association Conference – Virtual – 2021 – Panel Presentation – Topic: “The current impact and effect COVID-19 has had on Colleges and Universities”
Applied Sport Management Association Conference – Virtual – 2021 – Topic: “A theoretical perspective of the application of communication privacy management theory applied to NCAA intercollegiate athletics”
Applied Sport Management Association Conference – Virtual – 2021 – Topic: “The “Whole” Student-Athlete: Addressing the Importance of Mental Health
North American Society for Sport Management (NASSM) – Panel Presentation – 2022 – Administrators in Sport Management.
Hooper, H., Ross, M. & Conkle, K. – 2023 - The Application and Understanding of Effective Academic Advising Strategies of NCAA Student-Athletes. Applied Sport Management Association Conference. Birmingham, Alabama.
Ross, M., Hooper, H. & Conkle, K. - 2023 - Fostering Best Practices and Intentional Experiential Learning Opportunities. Commission on Sport Management Accreditation Conference. Tampa, Florida.

PUBLICATIONS

Hooper, H. (2017). An investigation of the role communication privacy management theory has in the development of NCAA Division I social media policies. The Sport Journal.
Hooper, H. (2017). Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Amongst Today’s NCAA Student-Athletes. MOJ Sports Med 1(2): DOI: 10.15406/mojsm.2017.01.00015
Hooper, H. & Caldwell, C., (2018). “A Transformative Philosophy: Insights to Excellence) in Human Resource Management: A Transformative Approach, Caldwell, C. & Anderson, V. (Eds.) Hauppauge, NY: NOVA Publications, Chapter Three.
Hooper, H. (2018). Discussing Eating Disorders amongst NCAA Student-Athletes. MOJ Sports Med 2(5):148‒151. DOI: 10.15406/mojsm.2018.02.00065
Hooper, H. (2019). An Examination of Title IX and its Impact on NCAA Male and Female Sports. Journal of Sports and Games.
Hooper, H. (2019). Recognizing the Risk of Obesity in Youth. MOJ Sports Med 3(2): 40- 43. DOI: 10.15406/mojsm.2019.03.00078
Hooper, H. (2019). The “Whole” Student-Athlete: Addressing the Importance of Mental Health. Archives of Physical Health and Sports Medicine. 2(2): 01-04.
Hooper, H., Ross, M. (2021). Mental Health. Encyclopedia of Sport Management.
Hooper, H., Ross, M. (2021). Ethics in Sport. Encyclopedia of Sport Management.

Dr. Hooper’s greatest accomplishment has been his Family. Dr. Hooper has been married to his wife, AnnMarie for 8 years and together they have two children, Ty (6) and Lilliann (2).

As a former student of the MCAA program, I am able to applicate and apply what I learned as a student, now as an instructor to the current students. It is a program that enables students to gain valuable experience not only from a career standpoint but with each individuals’ personal growth!

Imbriano, RoseMarie
949-302-3448
rosemarie.imbriano@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Rose lmbriano has served in the MCAA program since 2009 as instructor and advisor for the MCAA 595, Culminating Project course. She completed her undergraduate degree in Journalism from the University of Oregon and was a four-year letter winner for the women's softball program.

Rose completed her MBA graduate degree from Concordia University Irvine. In addition to her role in the MCAA program, Rose is the Associate Head Coach for the women's softball program for Concordia University Irvine. Since 2009, she has helped lead the program to over 560 wins, 10 Conference Championships, and a National Championship.

 It is a joy to teach in the MCAA program. I am fortunate to work with students from all over the country who share the same passion for education and athletics. Many coaches through my playing career made a difference in my life, and it is my honor to work in a program that allows me to give back.

Kuhlmann, Doug
314-497-3014
doug.kuhlmann@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dr. Doug Kuhlmann, CMAAA is a life-long educator, coach, and administrator in the Lutheran ministry, both in the collegiate and the high school levels. He has extensive experience in sports administration and management, as an Athletic Director and coaching several sports (football, powerlifting, baseball, and track and field) and serving as a college professor. Residing in St. Louis, Missouri, Doug serves in a dual role at both Concordia, Irvine and at Lutheran High School in St. Charles, Missouri. At CUI, Doug is an adjunct professor and course designer. At LHS, Doug is the Assistant Head of School. He earned his doctorate in organizational development with an emphasis in sports leadership in 2016 from Concordia, Chicago, with his Masters in Educational Administration (2006) and Bachelors of Science (1998) from Concordia, Nebraska.

In higher education, Doug was instrumental in writing several courses for the curriculum in both the MSAA and the MBA programs at Concordia, Nebraska. Previously, he served as the program director for the Master of Science in Athletics Administration (MSAA) program as a part of the College of Graduate Studies and Adult Education. Additionally, he has taught numerous courses in business administration, coaching, athletic administration, and school leadership, both online and face to face. His professional passions include mentoring new educators and business professionals, fundraising/development work, and studying effective sports leadership and how it can impact both high schools and collegiate athletic departments.

At the high school level, Doug has been a teacher, athletic director, facilities director, development director, and coached several sports. His current school has partnered with the University of Missouri Positive Coaching program, helping coaches and parents understand the importance of intentionally creating a positive sport experience. Additionally, this has created opportunities for developing initiatives to help coaches in the St. Louis area improve their pedagogy and philosophies as they coach and minister to and with young athletes.

As a part of the NIAAA (National Interscholastic Athletic Administrators Association), Doug has attained his CMAA (Certified Master Athletic Administrator) credential and also serves as the Missouri state LTI (Leadership Training Institute) coordinator, which directs professional development for athletic administrators for the MIAAA association. By teaching 25+ courses in the NIAAA LTI program, Doug has networked with 1,000’s of current and future athletic administrators. This work, along with his coaching experiences,have enabled him to work with the Lutheran Football Coaches Association (as administrative secretary) and as a presenter at football clinics in the mid-west.

Personally, Doug’s life revolves around his faith and his family. Doug and his wife, Sara, have three daughters (ages 16 and 12 and 7) and his wife also works in elementary school administration. Their family spends a lot of time traveling and enjoying the outdoors. His personal passions include hiking, camping, gardening, football, golf, and the Oregon Ducks and Seattle Seahawks.

I have a strong passion for helping athletic administrators and coaches realize the importance athletics play in their school cultures, both in educational-based athletics at the HS level, as well at the collegiate level. Because of the myriad of complex situations, issues, and multifaceted problems that administration entails, it is imperative that future educators and professionals understand the influence they have over athletes and our programs. In examining the place of athletics in education, it must be remembered that sports exist for the education of students, rather than the students existing for the performance of athletic activities and the promotion of the institution. Realizing this premise will enable students to become well-prepared for anything in the realm of coaching and athletic administration.

Madsen, Bobbi
916-792-0674
bobbi.madsen@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor

Bobbi Madsen grew up in Stanton, Nebraska and graduated from Stanton High School. After high school Bobbi earned her bachelor's degree in Business Administration with an emphasis in Finance from the University of Nebraska at Lincoln. Go Big Red! Bobbi earned her master's degree in
Coaching and Athletic Administration from Concordia University. While in Nebraska, Bobbi began her coaching career at her high school alum coaching volleyball and basketball. After moving out to California and having worked in the corporate world finance industry for over ten years, Bobbi was fortunate to get a position with the State CIF office in Sacramento in 2009. Initially, she started out as the bookkeeper and continued to work for more responsibility. Bobbi was promoted to Director of Finance in 2011. Currently Bobbi is a Director in the State CIF handling the finances, budget, insurance, the CIF Foundation and oversees Water Polo Championships. She also assists in all other State CIF championship events.

Bobbi started teaching in the MCAA program in 2017. She teaches MCAA/MSCE 561 - Athletic Finance

Bobbi and her husband, Aaron, live in Roseville, California. The Madsen’s are the proud parents of two boys. Noah is attending the University of Nebraska-Lincoln pursuing a degree in Business and playing baseball for the Huskers. Jacob is a freshman attending Woodcreek High School.

McElroy, Mark
949-412-4942
mark.mcelroy@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
McLaughlin, William
619-395-0351
william.mclaughlin@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

My career has been varied and exciting and has led me to this place for which I am happy and grateful to have the opportunity to teach again. I have been a remedial reading teacher at the junior high and high school levels; a gifted and talented teacher at the high school level in English and World Cultures; a high school administrator; a varsity coach in five sports and a successful head coach in two of those; a practicing attorney in general civil litigation emphasizing employment matters and commercial transactions; the Assistant Commissioner of the California Interscholastic Federation San Diego Section (CIFSDS) responsible for the athletic programs in 125 high schools in Southern California and certifying the athletic eligibility of over 150,000 students in three counties. The CIF-San Diego Section oversees 23 varsity sports and conducts championship events in all of those sports, male and female.

After retiring from the Assistant Commissioner position, I was invited back to my former school district to serve as a consultant and coordinator of their high school and middle school programs. I then assumed the additional duties of the Chief Compliance Officer, a position created after a substantial and successful T9 complaint was filed against the district. That matter was argued at the District Court of Appeals and a determination against the District was made. That decision is to be reviewed by the entire appellate court sitting “en banc” and the hearing is pending.

I have a Master’s Degree in Education and earned Doctorate (J.D.) in Jurisprudence. I am a licensed attorney with the California State Bar in good standing.

When I learned about this program through Concordia University I recognized it as a great opportunity for administrators, coaches and teachers to advance themselves in their personal and professional lives. I am happy to be part of this faculty. I am excited about working with you using this electronic medium; however and admittedly my technical skills and typing need to improve. Please be patient if there are glitches and typos and know that I will work diligently to improve and to provide you the skills and information you need to be successful athletic administrators.

There may be issues on which we disagree, or legal decisions that you believe are silly or just downright wrong, but “it is what it is” and it becomes your challenge to design your athletic program to accommodate those decisions. There will be some difficulties but I believe we can have a meaningful class that will assist you in completing the requirements for a Masters’ Degree in Coaching and Athletic Administration.

Murczek, Ken 
940-391-0904
ken.murczek@cui.edu
MCAA Instructor
Biography

Veteran head coach Dr. Ken Murczek was hired to lead the Oregon Tech volleyball program on Wednesday, March 18, 2020.
 
Dr. Murczek comes to Oregon Tech after three seasons as an assistant coach with the San Diego State volleyball program. A former Aztec men's volleyball player, Murczek brings a wealth of coaching experience to the Owls, including nine years as a head coach at the NCAA level. He was the head coach of the men's volleyball program at the University of Charleston in West Virginia during the spring of 2017, following a three-year stint as head coach of the women's team at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
 
Prior to his arrival at Charleston, Murczek guided the women's volleyball program at Wake Forest from 2013-15, leading the Demon Deacons to the best start in team history at 12-0 during his first season at the helm. In all, he coached 19 Atlantic Coast Conference all-academic honor roll selections, while his squad earned the American Volleyball Coaches Association (AVCA) Team Academic Award for maintaining a collective 3.4 GPA.
  
Murczek received his Bachelor of Science degree in kinesiology from San Diego State in 1998 before earning a master's degree in teaching and teacher education from Arizona in 2000. He also holds a secondary education teaching credential in physical education and science from the state of Indiana, and a master's in sport management from Western Michigan University (2007).
 
In 2019, Murczek completed his doctor of education in kinesiology at the University of North Carolina, Greensboro.

Before his move to Wake Forest, Murczek spent three seasons as head coach at the University of North Texas, where he led the program to 63 victories and a pair of Sun Belt Conference West Division championships in 2010 and 2012. The latter squad tied a school-record 26 wins and reached the finals of the conference tournament for the first time in program history. 
 
Murczek enjoys spending time with his wife hiking, biking, and camping in their 1987 Volkswagen Vanagon with their Belgian Malinois "Truus." He still plays both indoor and beach volleyball competitively. "My wife and I are looking forward to immersing ourselves in the culture of Oregon Tech and Klamath Falls," said Murczek who currently holds his CBVA AAA rating on the beach and has won back to back gold medals (2018-2019) at the USA Volleyball adult nationals with Team Pineapple.

Murczek joined the MCAA faculty in 2019 teaching: 

MCAA 576: Applied Exercise Sciences and Strategies for Coaching Volleyball
MSCE 589: Nutrition for Sport
MSCE 588: Biomechanics for Sport

"I appreciate the great resources that are provided to both me as an instructor and to our students by the MCAA program."

Nicholson, Brooke
949-887-1501
 
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Brooke Nicholson started playing volleyball at the age of 9 at Laguna Beach Volleyball Club, where she found her love for the game and continued to play throughout high school. She played four years as a Varsity Diablo, graduating in 2009 from Mission Viejo High School. Brooke was on the first MVHS team to ever win a league title for the school in 2006. Her junior season, she was named 2nd Team All-League South Coast. Brooke's senior season, she was named MVP of her team and made 1st Team All-League South Coast, and played in the Orange County All Stars Team south vs. north. Nicholson moved on to attend and play volleyball at Concordia University in Irvine. There she received multiple honors such as: NAIA Player of the Year (2011), three time All-American (2010, 2011, 2012), three time First Team All-Conference Player, and two time GSAC Player of the Year (2011, 2012). After receiving her Bachelor of Science, emphasis in kinesiology/sports medicine in 2013, Brooke went into coaching volleyball for her high school alma mater and club years later. While coaching volleyball, Brooke continued her education at CUI and went back to earn her M.A. in Coaching and Athletic Administration (2017), single subject teaching credential (2016) and administrative credential in 2021. Brooke was given an award of excellence after finishing the CUI MCAA program. Years later while teaching and coaching for Mission Viejo High School, Concordia's inducted Brooke into the Athletics Hall of Fame February 2021. Currently she continues to teach at Mission Viejo High School as a Physical Education and Health teacher. This past fall was her 13th season as the volleyball coach where she stepped away from the program to pursuit her aspirations to be the Athletic Director for Mission Viejo High School.

Building strong leaders in our community through sports, this is my life's passion and I look forward to sharing it with our CUI teammates.

Nocetti, Ron
916-899-8690
ronald.nocetti@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dr. Ron Nocetti is currently the Executive Director for the California Interscholastic Federation. Prior to assuming this role, Ron served the CIF as the Associate Executive Director, Senior Director and Director of Championship Events. He previously was the Director of Athletics at Jesuit High School in Carmichael and sat on the board for the California State Athletic Director’s Association. In 2005, Ron was named the CSADA Athletic Director of the Year for the Sac-Joaquin Section.

Before moving to the Sacramento area, Ron spent nine years teaching and coaching at Sacred Heart Cathedral in San Francisco, where he also served as the dean of students and assistant principal for student services. Ron has coached for 18 years at a variety of levels in the sports of baseball and basketball. Ron has also presented over 250 workshops to coaches, parents, and student-athletes across the country on behalf of the Positive Coaching Alliance based at Stanford University. He is a graduate of the University of San Francisco where he received a bachelor’s in economics, a master’s in sport management, and a doctorate in educational leadership. Ron also played baseball while attending USF.

Ron and his wife Deanne, a former high school and college volleyball coach and volleyball player at USF, have been married 30 years. They have four children: Keira, a University of San Diego graduate where she competed on the rowing team; Mikaela, a Sacramento State University graduate where she played indoor and beach volleyball and is currently a high school biology teacher and volleyball coach; Gianna, an engineering major and water polo student-athlete at UC Davis; and Dante, who is a high school water polo and swimming student-athlete.

Noyes, Kent
 
 
MCAA Adjunct Professor
Biography

Kent Noyes attended the University of Redlands earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration. He furthered his education by earning his Masters of Arts Degree in Coaching and Athletics Administration.

Kent grew up in Upland, CA and attended Claremont High School. He was an avid sports fan and played on the baseball team, which led him to the University of Redlands. Kent was a left-handed pitcher for the Bulldogs. After his playing days, he joined the Bulldogs coaching staff assisting with infielders, pitchers and managing the bullpen. He served under Scott Laverty's leadership for three years and was part of the 2011 SCIAC Championship team. Kent moved on from the University of Redlands to work for a GIS software company, Esri. At Esri, Kent was a Project Manager within the Marketing Operations department for three years. In 2015, Kent decided to get back into the athletics' world by accepting an Events Marketing Coordinator position with the MCAA team.

Kent and his lovely wife, Samantha, live in Riverside, CA with their dog Barkley. Samantha is a technology teacher at Harvest Christian Schools. Together they attend Harvest Christian Fellowship.

Noyes, Samantha
951-334-0533
samantha.noyes@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Samantha has been a part of the MCAA family since August of 2017. She holds a Bachelors of Arts in Liberal Studies and a Masters of Science in Education from California Baptist University. Local to Concordia University Irvine, Samantha resides in nearby Riverside, CA with her husband Kent and new family addition, Rylie. Samantha has always had a passion for education and greatly enjoys working with MCAA students to help them complete their culminating portfolio projects.

What I appreciate most about the MCAA program is the opportunity to meet so many professionals who are passionate about their student-athletes. It is inspirational to see them strive for the best for others - truly living out their mission of being servant leaders.

O'neill, Jon
949-943-4835
jon.oneill@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Jon has been involved in athletics his entire life, from pickup ball in the street as a child, to collegiate sports announcing and teaching today. An alumnus of California Baptist University (BA), where he originally went to play baseball prior to an injury changing those plans, and Concordia University Irvine (MBA), Jon comes to the MCAA program with a wealth of knowledge spanning throughout his years in athletics.

Jon left high school coaching to join the MCAA team in 2013, working in recruitment, strategic partnerships, and marketing for the program in his role as an Assistant Director. In 2015 he was offered a position overseeing fundraising for the athletics department at Concordia University Irvine and spent time working with boosters and other strategic partners of the university. Shortly after a successful tenure in fundraising, Jon was called back to the MCAA program to oversee admissions as the Director, and then ultimately serving as the Senior Director.

In 2019 Jon transitioned to the for-profit world in a sales role, and continues to balance a day job in sales, along with his part-time role(s) with Concordia University Irvine. Currently, Jon owns and operates a regional sports announcing business, Right The First Time Announcing, which allows him to stay involved in college athletics. Jon also serves on the adjunct faculty for the MCAA program, where he has been involved since 2016.

Jon has taught primarily with the MCAA program, but also in different business courses. These courses include:

BUS101 - Introduction to Business
MKT333 - Principles of Marketing
MCAA595 - Culminating Project - Portfolio / Dissertation (Masters level)
MCAA573 - Applied Exercise Sciences and Strategies for Coaching Basketball - Assisted (Masters level)
BUS515 - Organizational Behavior (Masters level)
KIN545 - Sport Marketing and Promotion (Masters level)

Jon resides in Irvine, CA with his wife, Angela, and dog, Molly, who his wife treats like a child. They attend Mariners Church, where Angela serves on staff and Jon serves in multiple leadership roles across the organization. Jon and Angela have a passion for mobility, which has drawn them to being involved with Free Wheelchair Mission, a faith-based non-profit based in Irvine, CA that gives the gift of mobility through providing free wheelchairs to those in need.

What I appreciate about the MCAA program is it combines top notch education with real world practicality, allowing coaches and athletics directors to earn a masters degree in something they are passionate about and pertains directly to their day to day life.

Orechia, Chris
425-830-9540
christopher.orechia@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor

Christopher Orechia is a sports & entertainment professional spending over 12+ years working at the collegiate, minor league and major four franchise level. He attended Merrimack College in North And over, MA while earning a Bachelor of Arts in Communication Studies and Political Science. He furthered his education by earning a Master of Arts Degree in Higher Education at the University of Redlands.

Christopher was born in Chicago, IL but grew up in the Pacific Northwest in Bothell, WA. He is an avid sports fan and played several sports, but his true love was on the baseball field where he was a member of the Merrimack College Warriors baseball program serving as the one of the teams’ catchers. After his playing days he transitioned into a sports information role at the University of Redlands overseeing their 24 varsity programs. After this time at the collegiate level, he worked for AEG Sports primarily with the LA Kings-Ontario Reign along with the Phoenix Suns overseeing their ticket sales and development departments.

Next stop in his career took him to Florham Park, NJ where he served as the Manager of Premium Partnerships for the New York Jets. During his time in the NFL he was responsible for generating new multi-year, six-figure partnerships while maintaining current relationships through the Jets Partnership Alliance platform where the Jets reached all-time high revenue records.

Most recently, Christopher made the move back to the Northwest currently managing corporate partnerships for the Portland Trail Blazers. With RIP City, he develops and cultivates relationships with local, regional and national businesses, governments and organizations. In the process creating co-promoted and co-branded marketing campaigns that encompass branding awareness, traffic driving retail promotions and marketing efforts with a community relations emphasis.

He and his wife Brynn live in Tigard, OR with their one year old baby boy Chase.

Throughout my professional career within our industry there is one primarily theme that presents itself day in and day out. That theme focuses around “Relationships and Mastering Your Craft. The MCAA program reiterates that vision and brings the best out of all the participating members. Having the opportunity to meet individual’s striving towards their best is a unique platform that not many have access to in their daily lives. I truly appreciate having the ability to meet so many fantastic leaders and rising stars in our world while learning and growing from one another.

Oseguera, Mike
714-308-7798
michael.oseguera@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Mike Oseguera is an alum of the University of California, Berkeley with a major in Social Welfare and a graduate of the MCAA program at Concordia University, Irvine. With over 15 years of collegiate coaching experience at institutions such as Cal State Fullerton, Concordia University, Irvine and Loyola Marymount University, Mike has recently transitioned into a new journey outside of collegiate athletics. As the Associate Director of Admissions and Director of Soccer at Orange Lutheran High School, Mike works to grow the Christian ministry within education, while also overseeing both the girls and boys soccer programs. Mike currently resides in Huntington Beach with his wife Tamara (a CUI grad) and their two sons, Jordan and Joaquin.

Consider it pure joy, whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance. James 1: 2-3

Palle, Kristine
562-493-9500
kristine.palle@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Kristine Palle received her B.A. and California Teaching credential from Cal State Fullerton. After graduation Palle taught math while working for the University of California, Irvine's Education Outreach Program. While at UCI, Palle designed a math and English SAT/College preparation program that was geared towards motivating students in low income areas towards college aspirations. After completion of her Master's in Education, Palle returned to her alma mater, Mission Viejo High School, to teach and help to turn around the girls' aquatics program. While the coach of the aquatics program, her teams captured multiple league championships and two CIF titles.

Soon after returning to Mission Viejo High School, Palle was named athletic director. Palle is in her 16th year as an Assistant Commissioner for the CIF Southern Section. Her areas of responsibility are: Eligibility, Transfers, Officials (assigned sports), Hardships/Hardship Appeals, President's Council, Badminton, Gymnastics, Soccer (girls), Swimming and Diving, and Waterpolo (boys and girls). She is looking forward to the addition of Sand Volleyball as a Championship sport and the recently approved Flag Football sport growth. Palle credits her own experience as a student-athlete, as well as the influence of her family and coaches, for the motivation to pursue her career in athletic administration. Palle looks to continue her education so she can continue to serve the CIF southern section, its member schools, and the thousands of student-athletes who participate in high school sports.

Preuss, Tim
949-468-6176
tim.preuss@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dr. Tim Preuss serves as Provost at Concordia University Nebraska. Dr. Preuss’ career began in education where he served as a high school teacher and coached football, baseball and track and field from 1983-85 in Houston, TX. In 1985 he accepted a call to Concordia University in Nebraska. Preuss served as assistant football coach and Director of Admissions until 1994 when he joined the faculty as a Professor of Health and Human Performance. In addition to football, he also assumed head coaching duties for the softball team and won three league titles in softball between 1994 and 2001; the football team won the Great Plains Athletic Conference title and appeared in the national playoffs in 2001. While at Concordia – Nebraska, Preuss earned a Masters degree in Exercise Physiology (1987) and a PhD in Post-Secondary Leadership (2001) from the University of Nebraska – Lincoln.

In 2005 Preuss accepted the call to become Assistant Professor of Exercise and Sport Science and Director of Athletics at Concordia – Irvine. During his tenure, the athletic department gained national prominence, finishing 6th, 5th, 3rd and 2nd in the Directors Cup National All-Sports standings.

As Provost, Dr. Preuss oversees the College of Arts and Sciences, the College of Business and Technology and the College of Education, Health and Human Sciences.

Preuss serves as a faculty member for the Masters in Coaching and Athletic Administration program, teaching Strength, Speed and Conditioning courses.

Dr. Preuss is married to Debbie Lang-Preuss. He and Debbie have four adult children: Seth, Lydia, Matthew and Abigail.

 I have been teaching in the program almost continuously since 2005. I have had the privilege of developing both the MCAA 585 and 586 classes. I think the program has been of enormous benefit to thousands of coaches across the country and many thousand more student athletes who have benefited from their coaches growth and development. I love the privilege of being a part of that.

Ragan, TJ
765-499-3682
tj.ragan@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Ragan serves as the Head Football Coach and Strength Coach at Chester High School in Northern California. Prior to this, he served as the Defensive Coordinator and Strength and Conditioning Coordinator for Taylor University. Prior to this stop were stops at Wheaton Academy, Valor Christian and Orange Lutheran where he was an athletic director, coach and strength coach.

Previous to this Ragan served as the Head Strength and Conditioning coach at both Oregon State University and Colgate University, was a member of University of Nebraska’s 1997 National Championship Team as an Assistant Strength and Conditioning Coach and also did a one year internship with the Denver Broncos as an assistant strength and conditioning coach.

Ragan founded and ran a non-profit organization, Cross Training Ministries, for seven years after graduating college. He earned a degree in Biblical and theological studies from Bethel University, received his MCAA from Concordia University and is certified with the National Strength and Conditioning Association, as well as the Collegiate Strength and Conditioning Coaches Association.

What I appreciate most about teaching in the MCAA program is without a doubt, the students. Each semester there is a new group of students that bring energy and a hunger for learning which challenges me to have that hunger also. It is really the student teaching the teacher!

Randall, John
949-214-3358
john.randall@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor

Dr. John Randall has been helping others use technology in educational settings since 1994. His professional career began as a corporate trainer who helped employees learn a variety of software applications ranging from Microsoft Office to back-end server and network administration. In 1998, John accepted the position of Technology Director at Abiding Savior Lutheran Church and School in Lake Forest, California where he helped teachers incorporate technology into their teaching to help students learn in innovative ways, taught Kindergarten through 8th grade computer skills, and built and managed all aspects of the technology network.

In 2004 he began teaching for Concordia University Irvine as an adjunct professor in the School of Education and in 2007 accepted a full-time position with Concordia as an Associate Professor of Instructional Design and Senior Director of Faculty Training and Development. In 2016, John earned his Doctorate in Education with an emphasis in Learning Technologies from Pepperdine University. In 2022, he accepted a new position of Senior Director of the Office of Innovative Instruction and eLearning that leads the university in instructional design for course development, academic media, and faculty training. He continues to teach educational technology courses in the School of Education and the Masters of Coaching and Athletic Administration.

John and his wife, Kim, met at Christ College Irvine where they both graduated in 1990. In 2005 they were blessed with their son Troy who helps them daily see the beautiful works of our Lord. John is a product of several wonderful Christian educational institutions. He attended grade school at West Portal Lutheran and high school at St. Ignatius College Preparatory in San Francisco as well as Pepperdine University for his graduate work. Abiding Savior Lutheran has been the church home of the Randall family since 1998.

I am privileged to collaborate with so many talented coaches who have a passion for improving their vocational calling in life.

Rizzo, Jennifer
949-214-3273
jennifer.rizzo@cui.edu
MCAA Faculty
Biography

Jennifer Rizzo grew up in San Juan Capistrano, California. Growing up Jennifer played softball and volleyball, including four years as a starter in volleyball both high school and in college, three years at Georgia State and one year at Concordia University Irvine. Jennifer graduated from Concordia University Irvine in 2003. As a grad assistant she was given the opportunity to teach Exercise and Sport Science classes where she fell in love with teaching. At Concordia, Jennifer received her Masters of Business Administration in 2005. In 2015 she completed her Ed.D in Sports Management with an emphasis in Sports Medicine from United States Sports Academy. Jenn holds certifications in dry needling, cupping therapy, Functional Movement Screens (FMS) and is an Impact Training Athletic Trainer (ITAT). In addition to her certification as a Board Certified Athletic Trainer Jenn is certified with NASM as a corrective exercise specialist.

Jenn’s tenure at Concordia University Irvine includes being an assistant athletic trainer working primarily with the baseball, girls’ basketball and girls’ volleyball programs. She also served as an associate professor of ESS and athletic training and the athletic training education program director and clinical education clinical coordinator. Jenn currently works for Concordia International School Shanghai, in Shanghai China, where she serves as the athletic trainer and wellness coordinator.

In her free time Jenn enjoys traveling around the world, hiking, biking and exploring Shanghai.

Teaching
MCAA 570 Sport Medicine and Performance
Roberts, K. Tracy
 
kevin.roberts@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Professor
Biography

K. Tracy Roberts holds a B.A. in Social Sciences from CSU Sacramento as well as Teaching Credential and Masters Degree in Education from National University. Tracy is also a certified Professional Golfers' Association (PGA) Class A Teaching Professional.

"Coach" has been dedicated to young athletes coaching golf and other sports at the championship level for over three decades. He recently retired from Woodbridge High School in Irvine where he taught Economics and Political Science and was the head coach of both golf teams. He finished with over 600 Team victories, Individual State and CIF Champions and 3 CIF Team Championships including a Back2Back. His Warriors were also CIF Runner-Up 4 times. His teams won 20 Team League Championships, and over 80% of his teams went to the playoffs during his tenure. Tracy has been elected to the Woodbridge Warrior Athletics Hall of Fame.

“Coach” is the author of Play REAL Golf, a successful instructional manual that helps golfers improve their emotional mechanics. He has provided private instruction for over many decades. Through his years of experience, he has successfully shared and coached the game of golf with people of all backgrounds from across the world.

Beyond his role as an author, he is a nationally recognized broadcast personality, offering his insight and golf tips as a co-host of the Livin' The Good Life Show on the Tee it Up Radio Network, one of America’s most popular golf radio shows.

Tracy lives in Mission Viejo, Ca., with his wife of thirty-six years. He has two daughters and a grandson.

I am proud to be a member of the MCAA team. This dynamic program is distinctive in the amount and kinds of meaningful learning interactions. It is committed to those who wish to positively impact society, especially young people, through athletics.

Roelen, Troy
949-597-9255
troy.roelen@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Troy joined the MCAA team in August of 2014. He serves as a Culminating Project Advisor for students working on their Portfolios. Troy received his undergraduate degree from Pitzer College, Claremont where he majored in English and World Literature and competed as a collegiate basketball player for the Sagehens. In addition, he holds an M.A. degree from Concordia University Irvine from the MCAA program and a Clear Clad Teaching Credential from National University. Troy is an AP/IB English teacher at Mission Viejo High School, serves as the school's sole Athletic Director, and serves as the Assistant Principal of Athletics. Currently, Troy is completing his 2nd Master's degree and Administrative Credential at Concordia.

Troy loves "the blending of athletics and academics within the MCAA program as he 'coaches' students to become transformational leaders beyond the stadiums, courts, and fields."

Rose, Mark
805-286-8622
mark.rose@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Mark has been with the MCAA program for over 10 years and presently teaches both the MCAA 510 and the MCAA 560 courses along with advising with the MCAA 595 Portfolio students. He brings over 38 years of teaching, coaching and athletic administrative experience to the program. Prior to his seventeen year stent as an Athletic Director, Mark served many years as one of the youngest high school division one head football coaches in Southern California history (at the time). He was awarded the All Southern Coast Football Coach of the Year in 1991. He has served on multiple high school athletic governance committees including the State of California Athletic Administrator's Committee, and ten years as a central coast representative on the C.I.F.- Southern Section Executive Committee. He has taught similar courses at both Cal State University Long Beach and Cal Poly San Luis Obispo State University. Mark presently lives in Paso Robles, California with his wife Robin, and is active in the Lutheran church in that area.

I love the MCAA Graduate Program mainly because it richly supplies each student with the tools necessary to be successful in whatever facet of Athletic Administration and Coaching they choose.

Rosenthal, Crystal
949-214-3223
crystal.rosenthal@cui.edu
MCAA Faculty
Head Coach - 6th Season
Biography

Crystal Rosenthal brings in a record of 238-61 to her sixth campaign as head coach after winning an NAIA National Championship in 2013.

In 2013 she led the Eagles to the program's first NAIA National Championship with a 52-3 record. Rosenthal was voted NAIA and GSAC Coach of the Year, becoming the first Concordia softball coach to earn the national award, and garnering her second-straight GSAC COY honor. Her 2013 squad won their second-straight GSAC Championship with a perfect 16-0 conference record and second-straight GSAC/Cal-Pac Conference Tournament Championship. They hosted and won the NAIA Opening Round and went 4-0 enroute to a National Championship at the NAIA Final Site in Columbus, GA. She is currently second all-time in wins and first in winning percentage at .796 on the Concordia career lists. Her 2013 pitching staff set school records in ERA (.63) and strikeouts (445).

The Eagles won the inaugural GSAC/Cal Pac/Frontier Conference Tournament and advanced to the NAIA Softball National Championship Pool Play in 2012. Rosenthal's group won a program-record 56 games against 4 losses, including a mark of 15-1 in Golden State Athletic Conference play. Along the way they won a NAIA softball-record 44-straight games and broke school records in wins, runs scored (482), batting average (.382), hits (606), doubles (105), triples (21), home runs (84), RBI (430), and stolen bases (126). The Eagles pitching staff set a season record in strikeouts (430). Concordia finished the season ranked #6 in the NAIA Polls, and spent six weeks as #1 for the first time in program history. The Eagles won the second GSAC Championship in program history and first in 20 years. Rosenthal was voted the 2011 GSAC Coach of the Year.

Coach Rosenthal has won at least 40 games in all five of her seasons, including two-straight 50-win seasons. Nobody prior to her arrival had won 50 games in a season. She has coached seven NAIA All-Americans, two GSAC Player and Pitcher of the Year winners, and 18 All-GSAC selections. Rosenthal coached four NAIA All-Americans in 2012 in Katie Carson, Katie Cotta, Amanda Fama and Jenna Jorgenson. Katie Carson was named the Capital One Academic All-American of the Year. In 2013 she coached three NAIA All-Americans including Katie Cotta, Shainna Groom, and Jasmin Dresser. Cotta was selected NAIA Pitcher of the Year.

Ruiz, Matt
562-425-1281
matthew.ruiz@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Matt Ruiz has been teaching in the MCAA program since 2008, teaching MCAA 510 Principles of Coaching and Leadership, MCAA 530 Ethics in Sport, MCAA 560 Interscholastic Leadership and Administration, and MCAA 595 Culminating Project. A 1984 UC Santa Barbara graduate, Matt also earned his Master's Degree in Educational Administration from California State University Long Beach in 1989. He stepped down in 2015 as the head coach of the Lakewood Boys’ Basketball Program after 20 years in that position. In the 2001-02 season, Matt led the Lancers to a 20-7 record and a CIF Quarterfinals appearance, which earned him the Division 1-AA CIF Coach of the Year award. In the 2004-05 season, Matt led the Lancers to a 24-5 record and their first Moore League Championship since 1989 as well as a CIF Quarterfinals appearance in the playoffs, which earned him Moore League, LA Times Regional, and Long Beach Press-Telegram Dream Team Coach of the Year honors. In his 34-year coaching career, he has coached at every major level including junior college, Division One men's and women's basketball, and high school. He was inducted into the Santa Barbara Court of Champions in 2021, which honors coaches and players that have made a significant impact on the sport of basketball in the Greater Santa Barbara area. Matt resigned in June 2014 as the Boys’ Athletic Director at Lakewood, having served in that position for 16 years while overseeing 11 varsity sports. He currently teaches Modern World History and is very active with the CIF Southern Section Basketball Advisory Board. He is an active member of Bethany Lutheran Church in Long Beach and lives in Seal Beach with Jeanne, his wife of 33 years. Their daughter, Chloe, is a 2021 graduate of Concordia Irvine and their son, Austin, is a 2017 graduate of St. John's University in New York and a graduate of both the MCAA and MCSE programs.

He is currently an assistant coach in the women's basketball program at Concordia Irvine.

With most of our students being active coaches, teachers, and administrators, I appreciate that the MCAA faculty and administration respects our students as working professionals and offers them an education, provided by experienced coaches and administrators, that can be directly applied to their athletic endeavors, whether it be in coaching or administration.

Seymour, Brian
916-899-4218
brian.seymour@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Brian Seymour has been with the State CIF office in Sacramento since 2011. He is currently the Associate Executive Director with the State. Brian is a proud graduate of Capuchino High School in the Central Coast Section. Brian holds a BA in Organizational Management, and an MBA from Ashford University.

Prior to joining the State CIF, Brian spent 18 years as an athletic Director, teacher and coach at Loretto High School in Sacramento where he developed a strong sense of devotion to educational based athletics. He was the recipient of the Sac-Joaquin athletic director of the year award in 2005 and served as the president of the SJADA in 2008.Brian began teaching in the MCAA program at Concordia University in the Summer of 2018 and enjoys working directly with current athletic administrators across the nation.

Brian spends his free time with his wife Therese, son Colin and daughter Catherine.

The opportunity to teach in the MCAA program and assist athletic administrators across the nation in reaching their personal and professional goals is a blessing for me.

Sheplay, Elizabeth
949-394-3720
elizabeth.sheplay@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Elizabeth Sheplay has been around athletics and sports for most of her life. She was a three-sport athlete in high school at Orange Lutheran and played four years of college basketball at Westmont College in Santa Barbara. She played in Prague, Czech Republic over the summer of her senior year with Athletes in Action.

After college, she was the assistant coach at Vangaurd University for women’s basketball for three years. During that time, she earned her master’s degree in Coaching and Athletic Administration at Concordia University. She then transitioned to work in the Athletic department at Vanguard University—working closely with the athletic director and administration in athletics. She has been a Portfolio Instructor of the MCAA program since 2017 and enjoys helping students/coaches complete their master's degree.

She is married and has lived all over the world, due to her husband's career as a doctor. She has 2 kids and loves spending time with them.

I love the MCAA program as it gives the future leaders of sports a chance to grow professionally, spiritually, technically and tactically in their sport(s). The world needs transformational coaches and the MCAA program is producing those every year.

Solomon, Sarah
808-365-9151
sarah.solomon@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Sarah graduated from CUI’s MCAA Program in 2017 and MSCE program in 2018, and is currently a Doctoral Candidate at Concordia University Chicago where she will earn her Ed.D. in Sports Leadership in 2023. Sarah has been involved in sports on all sides of the ball, as an athlete, coach, director, and now instructor at CUI. As a high school athlete, Sarah was the Hawaii BIIF “ Player of the Year", and went on to become a member of the 2003-2004 University of Oregon Women's Volleyball team as a starting outside hitter. Sarah earned PAC-10 freshman team and First Team All PAC-10 Conference honors her freshman and sophomore year. Sarah then transferred back to her home state Hawaii where she played for the University of Hawaii Rainbow Wahine. Sarah earned All WAC 1st team honors her Junior and Senior season, WAC Tournament All Star, and AVCA All Region and All-American honors as a senior in 2006. As a freshman Sarah led the Pac-10 in Aces per game, and held the Aces per game record at University of Hawaii her senior season. Concluding her athletic career Sarah’s has been a coach at various volleyball clubs, and high schools throughout California and Hawaii. Sarah’s passion for coaching stems from the immense connection Sarah made with sport at a young age as she fell in love with the game of volleyball, which changed the trajectory of her life. Sarah has had professional playing opportunities, and collegiate coaching opportunities but her passion for the youth led her to founding and directing her Non Profit 501(c) 3 Organization First Love Sports. FLS mission is to bridge the gap between accessibility and opportunity for all youth to participate in sport. FLS believes in Transformational Coaching in developing a love of sport by focusing on the process over the product to improve youth as people first and athletes second, and emphasizing total athlete development. As an Instructor Sarah's educational focus and research centers around promoting and leading organizational change, Leadership theory and practice, and diversity in sports as a foundation for building a sustainable equitable sports culture. The former Sarah Mason and her husband, Zurich Solomon, have four children and reside in Trabuco Canyon, CA.

What I love about the MCAA/MSCE Program is it allows me to culminate my passion for sports into a focused career. CUI’s MCAA/MSCE program is a transformational learning experience for all sports enthusiasts to develop a vocation in the sport industry, in a challenging, supportive, and christ centered learning environment.

Staunton, James
949-214-3268
jim.staunton@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Western Regional Coordinator for Recruitment and Retention
MCAA 550 Research Methods
Culminating Project Advisor
Biography

Dr. Staunton previously worked as a secondary school administrator in the Huntington Beach Union High School District, where he served in a variety of administrative roles culminating as principal of Huntington Beach High School. During his tenure as principal he served as re-leaguing chair for Orange County on behalf of CIF Southern Section. Upon the retirement of Dean Crowley as Commissioner, CIF Southern Section, Dr. Staunton became only the eighth commissioner in the Section’s 100-year history. He served for twelve years. During that time he established programs to teach sportsmanship, ethical behavior, and positive coaching techniques. Dr. Staunton served on the State CIF Federated Council, Risk-management Committee, Golf Committee and was instrumental in drafting the 16 principles of Pursuing Victory with Honor© . Upon his retirement from Southern Section he was honored with the State Distinguished Service Award and the CIF Southern Section Champions for Character Award now bears his name.

I have always admired this program for what it teaches athletic administrators and for the opportunities this degree opens for our students, he said. I am honored to be part of this staff and will direct my energies to expanding the program and improving the services we provide our students.

Leadership Experience
Coordinator, Western Region Concordia University Irvine MCAA Program
Adjunct Professor, Concordia University MCAA Program
Commissioner of Athletics, California Interscholastic Federation,
Southern Section, (CIF–SS) Sept. 1999 - 2011
Principal, Huntington Beach High School, a California Distinguished School, September, 1991 to 1999
President Association of California School Administrators, (ACSA) Region XVII, 2000 - 2001
Board of Directors “Friends of Junior Lifeguards” Huntington Beach, CA
Founder, “Ethics in Sports Committee”, CIF-SS, September, 2000
CIF Southern Section Orange County Re-leaguing Chairman, 1996 –1998
Sunset League President, 1996 – 1998
CIF –SS League Representative 1996 - 1999
Instituted Huntington Beach High School Foundation, 1996
President, Huntington Beach Administrators Association, (HBAA) 1995
Leader in planning for school re-structuring, HBHS Entertainment and Tourism Academy and Academy for the Performing Arts
Participant, Pursuing Excellence, WASC accreditations 1993, 1994, 1995
Member, Superintendent’s Cabinet, HBAA representative, 1994-1995
Education
Doctorate, Education Policy and Administration, University of Southern California, May, 1997
Master of Arts, Speech and Language Pathology, California State University, Fullerton, 1976
Bachelor of Arts, Speech Pathology, Whittier College, 1971
Ethics In the Workplace Training, Josephson Institute, September, 2000
Administrative Credential Professional Level, University of California Irvine, 1990
Facilitator training, Strategic Planning, February, 1999
Awards/Recognition
California Interscholastic Federation Distinguished Service Award, 2011
California State Athletic Director’s Association Distinguished Commissioner Award 2011
Turgeon, Joe
714-924-3300
joe.turgeon@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor

A former player and coach at NCAA Div. I powerhouse Cal State Fullerton, Joe Turgeon was named head coach of the Concordia University Irvine baseball team in July of 2015 after serving seven seasons as the program's top assistant coach.

He enters the 2022 season with 126 total victories at Concordia and secured career win No. 100 when the Eagles topped Holy Names at home in February of 2020.

During the 2021 season, Turgeon and his staff navigated strict COVID-19 protocols and led the Eagles to a 21-15 record and a second-place finish in the Southern California pod of the PacWest Conference. Senior shortstop Haloa Dudoit finished his career as the CUI career hits leader during the final month of the season and his roommate Bailey Collins also tied the school record for career home runs, finishing with 35 as an Eagle. Senior Day was also a great memory for the 19 graduating Eagles as four different seniors homered in their final doubleheader wearing the CUI uniform in a pair of wins over Fresno Pacific. The Eagles got hot down the stretch and won 10 of their final 13 games and just missed making the NCAA DII West Regional Tournament for the first time in program history.

Under his leadership, the Eagles earned their first-ever national ranking by the National College Baseball Writers Association (NCBWA) when they were listed No. 23 in the Top 25 NCAA DII poll. At the time the 2020 season was abruptly ended due to the COVID-19 outbreak, Turgeon's squad had raced out to a 17-7 overall record with a 6-2 mark in PacWest play. The Eagles also sported an impressive 14-3 home record playing in the friendly confines of newly renovated Eagles Field. Over the course of just two months, CUI's Bailey Collins, Matt Lautz and Cooper Moore all earned PacWest Player of the Week nods and Shane Schick and Derek Delgado combined for three PacWest Freshman of the Week Awards.

2019 was also a strong year for the CUI baseball team as the Eagles went 18-14 in conference and finished fourth after sweeping Holy Names to close out the season. Six Eagles were recognized on the All-PacWest Conference Teams with shortstop Haloa Dudoit also garnering PacWest Defensive Player of the Year, while designated hitter Cooper Moore was named to the All-Region Second Team by the D2CCA, ABCA and NCBWA.

In 2018, the baseball squad had an overall record of 22-28 and went 19-21 in conference.

In 2017, he led the Eagles to 22 wins with three All-PacWest selections. Ryan Land was named CoSIDA Academic All-Region and received the Concordia Athletics Academic Achievement Award. The previous year, the team won 21 games in the PacWest and also had three All-PacWest selections. During the 2018 campaign, the Eagles won 22 games and sophomore shortstop Haloa Dudoit was named All-PacWest.

Prior to joining the Concordia coaching staff, Turgeon spent the 2007 and 2008 campaigns as an assistant for Cal State Fullerton head coaches George Horton and Dave Serrano. Turgeon also spent the summer of 2007 as a pitching coach for the Texas Collegiate League's Duncanville Deputies.

Turgeon played five years (including one as a redshirt) as an outfielder for the Cal State Fullerton Titans, who captured the NCAA national championship title in 2004.

He graduated from Cal State Fullerton in 2006 with his bachelor's degree in kinesiology. He completed his master's degree in coaching and athletic administration from Concordia in the summer of 2013.

The MCAA Program has always been close to my heart because of the values and the people associated with MCAA for years now. I feel grateful for the opportunity to be with such a great program and the future of our Coaching community.

Vieselmeyer, Dian
714-305-0881
dian.vieselmeyer@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dian Vieselmeyer earned a BS in elementary education (1970) and an MA as a reading specialist (1983) from Concordia Teachers College, Seward, Nebraska, and is a candidate for an EDD in Educational Leadership. She has served in elementary classrooms in Springfield, Illinois, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and Gainesville, Florida. From 1979 to 1985, Dian served at Concordia Teachers College in Seward, Nebraska as an instructor, creating the Learning Center and academic support services.

At Concordia University Irvine, Dian coordinated the freshman program, the college orientation course, and academic support services from 1986 to 1996. She served as the Director of Academic Advising (1990-2013) and Dean of Student Success (2013 - 2018). As a coach's wife for 40+ years and the mother of sons who played football, baseball, and basketball from the ages of 7 and 10, Dian understands coaching and athletics. In 2018, she transitioned to the Master of Arts in Coaching and Athletic Administration, where she taught MCAA/MSCE 595 Culminating Project since 2011.

Dian has conducted workshops and retreats for faculties in elementary and high schools, retreats for women’s ministries, co-leads parent workshops, and served as a consultant/trainer to colleges and universities for Noel Levitz USA, nationally known for recruitment and retention. Student success, retention, and academic support are Dian’s passions, and hospitality is her gift. From 1986 to 2019, thousands of students – football players, first-year college students, college grads, and MCAA/MSCE students and graduates – have been at the Vieselmeyers’ for dinner and ice cream dessert.

Dean and Dian live in Tustin, CA, and have two sons. Brent and his wife, Marnie, and daughters Payton (15) and Quinn (12) live in Falls Church, VA, where Brent is a defensive position coach for the Washington Football Team, and Marnie is an executive for Quest Diagnostics. Brad and Dana live in Midland, TX, with sons Garin (12) and Owen (10). Brad is an engineer and Operations Support Manager for the Mid-Continent Business Unit with Chevron, and Dana is a registered nutritionist and dietician.

One of the most rewarding experiences is partnering with students in the capstone course, MSCE 595 Culminating Project as they complete their Professional Portfolio. To labor and celebrate with them is an honor and a privilege!

Weatherford, Allison
619-520-9186
allison.weatherford@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Allison Weatherford has been involved in athletics for over 20 years working with athletes from the high school to elite, Paralympic and Olympic level.  In high school, she was a state champion alpine skiing student-athlete and continued to be a member of the ski team in college at the University of New Hampshire where she earned her B.S. in Kinesiology – Athletic Training.  As a certified athletic trainer, she has worked at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, CA with a variety of sports, coaches and athletes including U.S. Soccer, USA Softball, USA Track & Field, US Bobsled, US Rowing, and USA Archery as well as at the U.S. Ski Team in Park City, UT with the Disabled Alpine Team as a coach and athletic trainer.  She was a member of the USA Medical staff for the 2002 Paralympic Games in Salt Lake City, UT, the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, Greece working with the Gold Medal Women’s Softball Team and the 2006 Paralympic Games in Torino, Italy. She has also enjoyed working at the secondary school level as an athletic trainer for student-athletes and instructor for sports medicine/sports science classes.  She returned to school to further her education in athletic administration, leadership and sport performance and earned her Master’s Degree from Concordia University Irvine in Coaching and Athletic Administration in the spring 2016.  Allison enjoys spending time with her husband, Zach, and their 4 boys at the beach, camping, skiing and being outdoors.   

Wigod, Rob
562-286-4707
robert.wigod@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Rob Wigod grew up in Long Beach, California and graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School. After high school, Rob matriculated to California State University, Long Beach graduating in 1982 with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in History. While at CSULB, Rob began coaching football at Wilson High School and realized he wanted to become an educator. In 1983, he earned his Secondary Schools Teaching Credential and began teaching in the Long Beach Unified School District, first at Herbert Hoover Middle School for one year and then Lakewood Senior High School for 14 years. At Lakewood High School, Rob taught U.S. Government, U.S. History and Criminal/Civil Law, while also coaching Varsity Football, Varsity Baseball and serving as Boys Athletic Director.

In August, 1988, during the time he worked at Lakewood High School, Rob earned his Master’s Degree in Education from Azusa Pacific University.

After 15 years in the Long Beach Unified School District, Rob accepted the position of Head Baseball Coach and Boys Athletic Director at Los Alamitos High School, where he also taught U.S. Government. In his two years there, the Griffins were Sunset League Baseball Champions both years and advanced to the C.I.F. Southern Section Baseball Playoffs, reaching the Quarterfinals and Semifinals. Rob was selected as Orange County Baseball Coach of the Year by the Orange County Register and the L.A. Times, Long Beach Press-Telegram Dream Team Coach of the Year and Sunset League Coach of the Year in 1999 and 2000.

In August, 2000, Rob became an Assistant Commissioner for the C.I.F. Southern Section, the organization that oversees all of the high school sports programs for over 575 public and private high schools throughout Southern California. Rob served as an Assistant Commissioner for 11 years and his primary responsibilities were managing football, wrestling and baseball, while also working with student eligibility and sports officials.

On August 2, 2011, Rob became the Commissioner of Athletics for the C.I.F. Southern Section.

Rob began teaching in the Concordia University Master’s Degree Program in Coaching and Athletic Administration 7 years ago. In 2012, Rob was selected as a Concordia University California Coaches Conference Legacy in Sports Award winner and was honored as the Teacher of the Year in the Concordia University Master’s Degree Program in Coaching and Athletic Administration for the 2009-2010 school year. He currently teaches MCAA 591, the Athletic Director Institute and has also taught MCAA 510, Principles of Coaching and Leadership and MCAA 595, the Culminating Project, where he has served as a graduate advisor for over 50 students who have completed their Portfolios and earned their Masters Degrees.

I truly enjoy teaching in the MCAA program because of the opportunity to work with students who share the same passion I have for education and athletics. The Concordia University experience provides an excellent vehicle for those who believe in serving young people.

Number of years/months of service in the MCAA program: (7 years)
Number of years/months in Athletics Administration: (25 years)
Awards and Recognitions
2012 – 2013 – President’s Award – Foothill-Citrus Athletic Directors Association
2012 – Distinguished Service Award – California Baseball Coaches Association
2012 – Herb Meyer Distinguished Service Award – Southern California Interscholastic Football Coaches Association
2012 – California Coaches Conference, Legacy in Sports Award – Concordia University
2010-2011 - Distinguished Service Award – National Football Foundation, Riverside County Chapter
2009-2010 - Teacher of the Year – Concordia University Irvine, Master’s Degree Program in Coaching and Athletic Administration
2006-2007 - Distinguished Service Award – Foothill/Citrus Athletic Directors Association
2003 - Inducted, Los Alamitos High School Baseball Hall of Fame
2001-2002 - Distinguished Service Award – Orange County Wrestling Coaches Association
2000 – Sunset League Baseball Coach of the Year
1999 – Los Angeles Times High School Baseball Coach of the Year
1999 – Orange County Register High School Baseball Coach of the Year
1999 – Long Beach Press-Telegram High School Baseball Dream Team Coach of the Year
1999 – Sunset League Baseball Coach of the Year
Wulf, Rainer
949-285-4145
rainer.wulf@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Rainer Wulf grew up in the San Gabriel Valley of southern California and graduated from Bishop Amat High School in 1978. He was a member of the basketball team where he received the Pat Haden Scholar-Athlete Award during his senior year. After a 2 year stint at Citrus Community College in Azusa, Ca., Rainer moved on to U.C. Irvine where he was a member of the Men's Basketball team and graduated in 1982. He earned a Bachelors of Arts Degree in Social Sciences and a Secondary School Teaching Credential in 1983.

He played professional basketball in Sydney, Australia and returned in 1985 to begin his teaching and coaching career at University High School in Irvine, Ca. In 1987 Rainer was hired as a Social Science Teacher and Head Boy's Basketball Coach at Trabuco Hills High School in Mission Viejo, Ca. In his tenure at THHS, the Runnin' Mustangs won 2 CIF-SS Championships and were California State Finalists in 1989. Twice he was named CIF-SS Coach of the Year. He was inducted into the Southern California Interscholastic Basketball Coaches Association's Hall of Fame in 2011.

Rainer has earned his Master of Arts Degree in Education from Azusa-Pacific University and in 1998 was hired as an Athletic Director at Trabuco Hills. In 2008 he was named the CIF-SS Athletic Director of the Year by the California State Athletic Directors Association. He served in that capacity until 2008 when he was hired as an Assistant Commissioner of Athletics by the California Interscholastic Federation - Southern Section. Currently, Rainer administrates basketball, track & field, cross country and tennis, while also involved with student eligibility for the CIF-SS.

In the fall term of 2009, Rainer began teaching in the Concordia University Masters Degree Program in Coaching and Athletic Administration and was honored as the MCAA Program's Teacher of the Year in 2013. He has taught MCAA 562 – Facilities and Event Management as well as currently, MCAA/MSCE 573 - Advanced Theories & Strategies for Coaching Basketball and also advised MCAA students completing their Final Professional Portfolios and earning their Masters Degrees.

The MCAA Program at Concordia University- Irvine is the best educational pathway for up and coming coaches and athletic administrators to learn, grow and fine tune their craft as today's and tomorrow's leaders of young people.

Teaching
MCAA 540 Sport Technology
Zimmerman, Michael
909-292-6320
michael.zimmerman@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Michael received his Bachelors of Science in Physical Education from the University of Florida in 1978. He obtained his Masters Degree in 1989 in Educational Administration from Cal. State University, Los Angeles. In 2006 he obtained his CLAD certification from University of San Diego. He earned his athletic administrator certification in 2007 from NIAAA and was certified as a Master Athletic Administrator in 2011.

Michael retired in 2016 after 35 years in education and 24 years as an Athletic Director. His previous position was Director of Athletics at Newport Harbor HS from 2009-2016. Prior to Newport Harbor he held the titles of Teacher, Coach and Athletic Director at Baldwin Park HS. While at Baldwin Park he was the assistant football coach for the 1991 CIF Champions team. His first coaching stint started at Ocala Forest HS in Florida where he served as the Assistant Baseball Coach and Freshman Football Coach. As the football coach, his teams were undefeated in 1980 and 1981. Moving to the Baseball season his success continued as they obtained State Champion Runner Up in 1981.

Michael gained many awards during his tenures in California. He was named 2008 and 2015 CIF SS Athletic Director of the year, 2013 CIF SS Champions of Character Award, 2009 San Gabriel Valley Athletic Director of the year, 2010 Joel Wiese Distinguished Service award and 2011 California State Athletic Director of the year nominee.

Michael also helped establish two Scholarship funds: First one was in 2005 Ubaldo Munoz Memorial Scholarship Fund for student athletes who best exemplifies Sportsmanship and Character at Baldwin Park high School. The second was in 2014 Michael Grier memorial Scholarship fund for a Boys’ water polo player who best exemplifies Integrity and Perseverance at Newport Harbor High School.

To date Michael is still active as a member of the NIAAA, California State Athletic Directors Association, Orange County Athletic Directors Association and a member of the University of Florida Alumni Association.

Michael currently lives in Florida.

The MCAA program at Concordia University is ever-evolving to provide the best education available to its students. I am honored to be a part of such a progressive program where I get to learn from the students as much as I am charged with guiding them.

Professional Experience

September, 1985 – present
Baldwin Park Unified School District
Baldwin Park, CA
Physical Education Instructor
Director of Athletics I - 1993 - present
Head Varsity Baseball Coach – 1994-2004
Varsity Football Coach – 1985 – 1993

September, 2008 – present
Concordia University – Professor for Athletic Administration Program

September, 1978 - May 1982
Forest High School
Ocala, FL
Physical Education Instructor
Varsity Baseball Coach
Freshman Football Coach
President of Local Physical Education Association

Education
Associate Arts – Miami Dade Community College – May, 1976
Bachelor of Science – University of Florida – December, 1978
Masters of Arts in Educational Administration – Cal St LA – December, 1989
Credentials and Certifications

California Single Subject Clear Credential in Physical Education
CLAD – University of San Diego –August, 2006
Coaches Education Instructor
Certified Athletic Administrator
Water Safety Instructor
Lifeguard Training Instructor
Red Cross First Aid & CPR Instructor

National Interscholastic Athletic Administrators Association
California State Athletic Director's Association
Athletic Director of the Year – 2007-08
Foothill-Citrus Athletic Director's Association
President – 2005-06
California Teacher's Association
Baldwin Park Unified School District Teacher's Association

I have provided instruction for students ranging from pre-school through adult education in various educational modalities and in all areas of expertise.

Number of years/months of service in the MCAA program- 5 years
Number of years/months in Athletics Administration - 20 years as an AD/32 years in Education
Honors/Awards/Recognitions – Southern Section Athletic Director of the Year – 2009, CIF Champion for Character – 2013
Teaching
MCAA 510 Principles of Coaching and Leadership
MCAA 560 Leadership and Administration

IRVINE SPECTRUM® and SPECTRUM™ are trademarks of Irvine Management Company used with permission.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

