ll-American honors in both her Junior (06) and Senior (07) years. As a Crusader (currently Sea Lions) of PLNU she led the team to three National Tournament appearances, including earning a Final Four finish in 2005.

I am excited to be a part of this phenomenal staff and faculty. My passion for sports, coaching, Jesus Christ and serving others is a great marriage with the vision and core values which serve as the heartbeat of Concordia. I feel a strong call to serve coaches and leaders in this capacity and cherish this opportunity and blessing to contribute to the Christ-centered Mission of CUI as well as the MCAA program in equipping and empowering leaders in athletics to transform lives.

Rochelle and her husband Mark have four children, Brooke, Bryce, Ryleigh and Chandler and reside in Canyon Lake, CA.

Valdivia, Lupe
949-214-3829
lupe.valdivia@cui.edu
Academic Advisor
Biography

Lupe Valdivia joined the MCAA team in 2014. She serves as the Senior Academic Advisor and Internship Coordinator. Her goal is to come alongside and guide students with reaching their educational objectives at Concordia University Irvine.

She was raised in Westminster, CA, and enjoyed playing soccer, softball, and field hockey at the high school level. She earned her bachelor's degree from California State University, Long Beach. In 2018 she earned her MAED degree in Student Affairs from Regent University.

Lupe enjoys working alongside our talented faculty and staff. Their wealth of knowledge and first-hand experiences help our students expand their skills. Each professor is genuinely dedicated to helping our students grow both professionally and personally.

White, Tom
949-214-3256
tom.white@cui.edu
Founder; Director of Regional Recruiting & Alumni Relations
Biography

Tom White serves as the Director of Regional Recruiting & Alumni Relations Master of Arts in Coaching and Athletic Administration program. His professional career involves experience in all aspects of sport; teacher-coach, athletic director, college coach, school district athletic administrator and school administrator.

Mr. White's 44-year career in education, athletics and coaching education spans from Appleton West High School in Wisconsin to the Capistrano Unified School District in Southern California, with stops in La Puente, San Clemente, Capistrano Valley High School and at Saddleback Community College.

Prior to Concordia to found the MCAA program, White was the Director of Athletics and Activities for the Capistrano Unified School District. His responsibilities included the development of the Capistrano Coaching Education program, the implementation of the "Pursuing Victory with Honor" sportsmanship program and providing leadership for the athletic and activities programs which serve the 51,500 students in this public school district.

While at Concordia, Mr. White helped begin the MCAA program in 2005 with twelve graduate students. Currently over 700 students are enrolled in the program. The MCAA program has become a nationally recognized leader in the field of athletic education, viewing coaching and athletic administration as an academic discipline while responding to and implementing change in the world of athletics.

Professional contributions include service on the Governor's Task Force on Drug Abuse, National Track and Field Advisory Board, CIF Southern Section Track and Field Advisory Committee, CIF Southern Section League Representative, CIF Coaching Certification Instructor, and CIF Sports Ethics Committee. White has presented at regional and national conferences and seminars in the field of coaching education and athletic administration. Additional honors include being named "Teacher of the Year", California Track and Field "Coach of the Year" and named "Coach of the Year" on ten occasions.

Tom is the proud father of two daughters. Carin Searby is a UCLA graduate currently living in Palm Beach, Florida with her husband Fred, daughter Camille (3) and son Frederick (1). Daughter Katie is a Family Practice Physician in San Diego, California.

He feels very blessed and thankful to be in the position in life to help students attain their personal goals and dreams.

MCAA Admissions
Galvez, Brittany
949-214-3856
brittany.galvez@cui.edu
Assistant Director of Admissions
Biography

Brittany joined the Concordia University Irvine Graduate Admissions staff in December 2023. She currently serves the MBA Program and oversees both the MCAA and MSCE Program's. Before working at CUI, Brittany worked at Claremont Graduate University as an Assistant Director of Admissions for the School of Community and Global Health Program. Prior to CGU, she had also worked at her alma mater California Baptist University, as an Assistant Director of Ticketing and Sales for the athletic department. Brittany was a former college student-athlete at CBU where she earned her B.S. and M.S. in Kinesiology with a concentration in Sports Management.

Kono, Garrett
949-214-3620
garre