 Science. He furthered his education by earning a Master of Arts Degree in Higher Education at the University of Redlands.

Christopher was born in Chicago, IL but grew up in the Pacific Northwest in Bothell, WA. He is an avid sports fan and played several sports, but his true love was on the baseball field where he was a member of the Merrimack College Warriors baseball program serving as the one of the teams’ catchers. After his playing days he transitioned into a sports information role at the University of Redlands overseeing their 24 varsity programs. After this time at the collegiate level, he worked for AEG Sports primarily with the LA Kings-Ontario Reign along with the Phoenix Suns overseeing their ticket sales and development departments.

Next stop in his career took him to Florham Park, NJ where he served as the Manager of Premium Partnerships for the New York Jets. During his time in the NFL he was responsible for generating new multi-year, six-figure partnerships while maintaining current relationships through the Jets Partnership Alliance platform where the Jets reached all-time high revenue records.

Most recently, Christopher made the move back to the Northwest currently managing corporate partnerships for the Portland Trail Blazers. With RIP City, he develops and cultivates relationships with local, regional and national businesses, governments and organizations. In the process creating co-promoted and co-branded marketing campaigns that encompass branding awareness, traffic driving retail promotions and marketing efforts with a community relations emphasis.

He and his wife Brynn live in Tigard, OR with their one year old baby boy Chase.

Throughout my professional career within our industry there is one primarily theme that presents itself day in and day out. That theme focuses around “Relationships and Mastering Your Craft. The MCAA program reiterates that vision and brings the best out of all the participating members. Having the opportunity to meet individual’s striving towards their best is a unique platform that not many have access to in their daily lives. I truly appreciate having the ability to meet so many fantastic leaders and rising stars in our world while learning and growing from one another.

Oseguera, Mike
714-308-7798
michael.oseguera@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Mike Oseguera is an alum of the University of California, Berkeley with a major in Social Welfare and a graduate of the MCAA program at Concordia University, Irvine. With over 15 years of collegiate coaching experience at institutions such as Cal State Fullerton, Concordia University, Irvine and Loyola Marymount University, Mike has recently transitioned into a new journey outside of collegiate athletics. As the Associate Director of Admissions and Director of Soccer at Orange Lutheran High School, Mike works to grow the Christian ministry within education, while also overseeing both the girls and boys soccer programs. Mike currently resides in Huntington Beach with his wife Tamara (a CUI grad) and their two sons, Jordan and Joaquin.

Consider it pure joy, whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance. James 1: 2-3

Palle, Kristine
562-493-9500
kristine.palle@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Kristine Palle received her B.A. and California Teaching credential from Cal State Fullerton. After graduation Palle taught math while working for the University of California, Irvine's Education Outreach Program. While at UCI, Palle designed a math and English SAT/College preparation program that was geared towards motivating students in low income areas towards college aspirations. After completion of her Master's in Education, Palle returned to her alma mater, Mission Viejo High School, to teach and help to turn around the girls' aquatics program. While the coach of the aquatics program, her teams captured multiple league championships and two CIF titles.

Soon after returning to Mission Viejo High School, Palle was named athletic director. Palle is in her 16th year as an Assistant Commissioner for the CIF Southern Section. Her areas of responsibility are: Eligibility, Transfers, Officials (assigned sports), Hardships/Hardship Appeals, President's Council, Badminton, Gymnastics, Soccer (girls), Swimming and Diving, and Waterpolo (boys and girls). She is looking forward to the addition of Sand Volleyball as a Championship sport and the recently approved Flag Football sport growth. Palle credits her own experience as a student-athlete, as well as the influence of her family and coaches, for the motivation to pursue her career in athletic administration. Palle looks to continue her education so she can continue to serve the CIF southern section, its member schools, and the thousands of student-athletes who participate in high school sports.

Preuss, Tim
949-468-6176
tim.preuss@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dr. Tim Preuss serve