https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/coaching/meet-the-team
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MCAA
Curriculum 
Meet the Team
Alumni
Financial Aid
Coach's Resources 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
Meet the Team

For over a decade, we’ve been change-agents for coaches and administrators like you who are ready to energize their career and make their organization better. The things you need to learn, to go from where you are to where you want to go, take experience. All of the instructors in our coaching program are experienced in educational athletics and administration and look forward to helping you get to the goal.

MCAA Staff
Hannah, Sheila
949-214-3815
sheila.hannah@cui.edu
Faculty, Curriculum & Assessment
Biography

Sheila Hannah joined the MCAA team in 2013. She was born and raised in Bellflower, California and received a Bachelor’s degree in Creative Writing/English Education from California State University, Long Beach. Two years later, Sheila became an English teacher for Riverside Christian Schools and taught junior high and high school for three years. As an educator, she learned a lot about leadership styles, effective communication, and various learning styles and preferences. She decided to pursue a career in adult education, and received her Master of Arts in Education/Adult Education and Training degree in June 2010 and completed her Doctor of Education in Educational Leadership/Curriculum and Instruction degree in January 2018. Her goal is to continue serving the MCAA/MSCE faculty and students, as a transformational leader within the School of Health and Human Sciences.

While serving in the MCAA/MSCE program, I appreciate the excellent leadership from our founder, Tom White, Tony Diaz, and now Jim Kunau, and the dedication that our team displays to provide transformational experiences to coaches, athletic administrators, and students of various backgrounds, cultures, and learning styles. The family environment within the MCAA department at Concordia University Irvine is invaluable.

Kunau, Jim
949-214-3814
jim.kunau@cui.edu
Director of MCAA
Biography

Jim Kunau is the new Director of MCAA, replacing Tony Diaz who retired after successfully leading the program for the past five years. Jim is very familiar with MCAA having served as an adjunct and assistant professor teaching leadership and ethics for the past nine years. He holds a Masters’ degree in International Management and traveled to over 40 countries before teaching international business courses in California Lutheran University's MBA program. He also has extensive teaching, coaching, and leadership experience at the high school level as well. At Orange Lutheran High School in Southern California, Jim served as Athletic Director, Director of Leadership Studies, and as Head Football Coach for 21 years. During his tenure at Orange Lutheran, Jim earned National, State, and Regional Coach of the Year honors, and was named Orange County’s Coach of the Decade. He led the transformation of Orange Lutheran from a small Division 12 school to a major Division 1 powerhouse, competing in the ultra-competitive Trinity League where his teams won several championships. He is one of two high school football coaches in California to have won State Championships at more than one school as he led Rancho Christian to similar growth and success as he experienced at Orange Lutheran. 

Jim has spoken on Organizational Leadership and Developing Character all over the country at conferences, clinics, churches, and universities. He feels a strong calling for serving coaches. It began with developing coaches on his own staffs, 11 of whom went on to become head coaches and/or athletic directors, and quickly expanded to helping coaches and athletic administrators from other institutions. His passion for Concordia’s MCAA program began when MCAA Founder and Director Tom White hired him in 2012.

I quickly discovered what an extraordinary program for equipping and empowering athletic leaders Tom had created, and feel very privileged to build on the legacy Tom established and Tony continued. And to carry on that legacy within the framework of Concordia’s Great Commission and Christ-centered Mission makes this a blessing and responsibility that I deeply appreciate and fully embrace. Concordia University’s unwavering commitment to empower students for lives of learning, service, and leadership while standing on grace alone and faith alone as the core of who we are is exactly what we seek to reflect in the MCAA student experience.

Jim and his wife Betsy have one daughter, Caroline, and reside in Anaheim, CA.

Mailhiot, Chelsea
949-214-3828
chelsea.mailhiot@cui.edu
Associate Director
Biography

Chelsea joined the MCAA team in September of 2008. She currently serves as the Associate Director within the MA and MS programs for MCAA as well as a consultant to the MCAA Advising Department. Prio