r in the Lutheran ministry, both in the collegiate and the high school levels. He has extensive experience in sports administration and management, as an Athletic Director and coaching several sports (football, powerlifting, baseball, and track and field) and serving as a college professor. Residing in St. Louis, Missouri, Doug serves in a dual role at both Concordia, Irvine and at Lutheran High School in St. Charles, Missouri. At CUI, Doug is an adjunct professor and course designer. At LHS, Doug is the Assistant Head of School. He earned his doctorate in organizational development with an emphasis in sports leadership in 2016 from Concordia, Chicago, with his Masters in Educational Administration (2006) and Bachelors of Science (1998) from Concordia, Nebraska.

In higher education, Doug was instrumental in writing several courses for the curriculum in both the MSAA and the MBA programs at Concordia, Nebraska. Previously, he served as the program director for the Master of Science in Athletics Administration (MSAA) program as a part of the College of Graduate Studies and Adult Education. Additionally, he has taught numerous courses in business administration, coaching, athletic administration, and school leadership, both online and face to face. His professional passions include mentoring new educators and business professionals, fundraising/development work, and studying effective sports leadership and how it can impact both high schools and collegiate athletic departments.

At the high school level, Doug has been a teacher, athletic director, facilities director, development director, and coached several sports. His current school has partnered with the University of Missouri Positive Coaching program, helping coaches and parents understand the importance of intentionally creating a positive sport experience. Additionally, this has created opportunities for developing initiatives to help coaches in the St. Louis area improve their pedagogy and philosophies as they coach and minister to and with young athletes.

As a part of the NIAAA (National Interscholastic Athletic Administrators Association), Doug has attained his CMAA (Certified Master Athletic Administrator) credential and also serves as the Missouri state LTI (Leadership Training Institute) coordinator, which directs professional development for athletic administrators for the MIAAA association. By teaching 25+ courses in the NIAAA LTI program, Doug has networked with 1,000’s of current and future athletic administrators. This work, along with his coaching experiences,have enabled him to work with the Lutheran Football Coaches Association (as administrative secretary) and as a presenter at football clinics in the mid-west.

Personally, Doug’s life revolves around his faith and his family. Doug and his wife, Sara, have three daughters (ages 16 and 12 and 7) and his wife also works in elementary school administration. Their family spends a lot of time traveling and enjoying the outdoors. His personal passions include hiking, camping, gardening, football, golf, and the Oregon Ducks and Seattle Seahawks.

I have a strong passion for helping athletic administrators and coaches realize the importance athletics play in their school cultures, both in educational-based athletics at the HS level, as well at the collegiate level. Because of the myriad of complex situations, issues, and multifaceted problems that administration entails, it is imperative that future educators and professionals understand the influence they have over athletes and our programs. In examining the place of athletics in education, it must be remembered that sports exist for the education of students, rather than the students existing for the performance of athletic activities and the promotion of the institution. Realizing this premise will enable students to become well-prepared for anything in the realm of coaching and athletic administration.

Madsen, Bobbi
916-792-0674
bobbi.madsen@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor

Bobbi Madsen grew up in Stanton, Nebraska and graduated from Stanton High School. After high school Bobbi earned her bachelor's degree in Business Administration with an emphasis in Finance from the University of Nebraska at Lincoln. Go Big Red! Bobbi earned her master's degree in
Coaching and Athletic Administration from Concordia University. While in Nebraska, Bobbi began her coaching career at her high school alum coaching volleyball and basketball. After moving out to California and having worked in the corporate world finance industry for over ten years, Bobbi was fortunate to get a position with the State CIF office in Sacramento in 2009. Initially, she started out as the bookkeeper and continued to work for more responsibility. Bobbi was promoted to Director of Finance in 2011. Currently Bobbi is a Director in the State CIF handling the finances, budget, insurance, the CIF Foundation and oversees Water Polo Championships. She also assists in all other State CIF 