unct Instructor

Bobbi Madsen grew up in Stanton, Nebraska and graduated from Stanton High School. After high school Bobbi earned her bachelor's degree in Business Administration with an emphasis in Finance from the University of Nebraska at Lincoln. Go Big Red! Bobbi earned her master's degree in
Coaching and Athletic Administration from Concordia University. While in Nebraska, Bobbi began her coaching career at her high school alum coaching volleyball and basketball. After moving out to California and having worked in the corporate world finance industry for over ten years, Bobbi was fortunate to get a position with the State CIF office in Sacramento in 2009. Initially, she started out as the bookkeeper and continued to work for more responsibility. Bobbi was promoted to Director of Finance in 2011. Currently Bobbi is a Director in the State CIF handling the finances, budget, insurance, the CIF Foundation and oversees Water Polo Championships. She also assists in all other State CIF championship events.

Bobbi started teaching in the MCAA program in 2017. She teaches MCAA/MSCE 561 - Athletic Finance

Bobbi and her husband, Aaron, live in Roseville, California. The Madsen’s are the proud parents of two boys. Noah is attending the University of Nebraska-Lincoln pursuing a degree in Business and playing baseball for the Huskers. Jacob is a freshman attending Woodcreek High School.

McElroy, Mark
949-412-4942
mark.mcelroy@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
McLaughlin, William
619-395-0351
william.mclaughlin@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

My career has been varied and exciting and has led me to this place for which I am happy and grateful to have the opportunity to teach again. I have been a remedial reading teacher at the junior high and high school levels; a gifted and talented teacher at the high school level in English and World Cultures; a high school administrator; a varsity coach in five sports and a successful head coach in two of those; a practicing attorney in general civil litigation emphasizing employment matters and commercial transactions; the Assistant Commissioner of the California Interscholastic Federation San Diego Section (CIFSDS) responsible for the athletic programs in 125 high schools in Southern California and certifying the athletic eligibility of over 150,000 students in three counties. The CIF-San Diego Section oversees 23 varsity sports and conducts championship events in all of those sports, male and female.

After retiring from the Assistant Commissioner position, I was invited back to my former school district to serve as a consultant and coordinator of their high school and middle school programs. I then assumed the additional duties of the Chief Compliance Officer, a position created after a substantial and successful T9 complaint was filed against the district. That matter was argued at the District Court of Appeals and a determination against the District was made. That decision is to be reviewed by the entire appellate court sitting “en banc” and the hearing is pending.

I have a Master’s Degree in Education and earned Doctorate (J.D.) in Jurisprudence. I am a licensed attorney with the California State Bar in good standing.

When I learned about this program through Concordia University I recognized it as a great opportunity for administrators, coaches and teachers to advance themselves in their personal and professional lives. I am happy to be part of this faculty. I am excited about working with you using this electronic medium; however and admittedly my technical skills and typing need to improve. Please be patient if there are glitches and typos and know that I will work diligently to improve and to provide you the skills and information you need to be successful athletic administrators.

There may be issues on which we disagree, or legal decisions that you believe are silly or just downright wrong, but “it is what it is” and it becomes your challenge to design your athletic program to accommodate those decisions. There will be some difficulties but I believe we can have a meaningful class that will assist you in completing the requirements for a Masters’ Degree in Coaching and Athletic Administration.

Murczek, Ken 
940-391-0904
ken.murczek@cui.edu
MCAA Instructor
Biography

Veteran head coach Dr. Ken Murczek was hired to lead the Oregon Tech volleyball program on Wednesday, March 18, 2020.
 
Dr. Murczek comes to Oregon Tech after three seasons as an assistant coach with the San Diego State volleyball program. A former Aztec men's volleyball player, Murczek brings a wealth of coaching experience to the Owls, including nine years as a head coach at the NCAA level. He was the head coach of the men's volleyball program at the University of Charleston in West Virginia during the spring of 2017, following a three-year stint as head coach of the women's team at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
 
Prior to his arrival at Charleston, Murczek gui