ui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Allison Weatherford has been involved in athletics for over 20 years working with athletes from the high school to elite, Paralympic and Olympic level.  In high school, she was a state champion alpine skiing student-athlete and continued to be a member of the ski team in college at the University of New Hampshire where she earned her B.S. in Kinesiology – Athletic Training.  As a certified athletic trainer, she has worked at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, CA with a variety of sports, coaches and athletes including U.S. Soccer, USA Softball, USA Track & Field, US Bobsled, US Rowing, and USA Archery as well as at the U.S. Ski Team in Park City, UT with the Disabled Alpine Team as a coach and athletic trainer.  She was a member of the USA Medical staff for the 2002 Paralympic Games in Salt Lake City, UT, the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, Greece working with the Gold Medal Women’s Softball Team and the 2006 Paralympic Games in Torino, Italy. She has also enjoyed working at the secondary school level as an athletic trainer for student-athletes and instructor for sports medicine/sports science classes.  She returned to school to further her education in athletic administration, leadership and sport performance and earned her Master’s Degree from Concordia University Irvine in Coaching and Athletic Administration in the spring 2016.  Allison enjoys spending time with her husband, Zach, and their 4 boys at the beach, camping, skiing and being outdoors.   

Wigod, Rob
562-286-4707
robert.wigod@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Rob Wigod grew up in Long Beach, California and graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School. After high school, Rob matriculated to California State University, Long Beach graduating in 1982 with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in History. While at CSULB, Rob began coaching football at Wilson High School and realized he wanted to become an educator. In 1983, he earned his Secondary Schools Teaching Credential and began teaching in the Long Beach Unified School District, first at Herbert Hoover Middle School for one year and then Lakewood Senior High School for 14 years. At Lakewood High School, Rob taught U.S. Government, U.S. History and Criminal/Civil Law, while also coaching Varsity Football, Varsity Baseball and serving as Boys Athletic Director.

In August, 1988, during the time he worked at Lakewood High School, Rob earned his Master’s Degree in Education from Azusa Pacific University.

After 15 years in the Long Beach Unified School District, Rob accepted the position of Head Baseball Coach and Boys Athletic Director at Los Alamitos High School, where he also taught U.S. Government. In his two years there, the Griffins were Sunset League Baseball Champions both years and advanced to the C.I.F. Southern Section Baseball Playoffs, reaching the Quarterfinals and Semifinals. Rob was selected as Orange County Baseball Coach of the Year by the Orange County Register and the L.A. Times, Long Beach Press-Telegram Dream Team Coach of the Year and Sunset League Coach of the Year in 1999 and 2000.

In August, 2000, Rob became an Assistant Commissioner for the C.I.F. Southern Section, the organization that oversees all of the high school sports programs for over 575 public and private high schools throughout Southern California. Rob served as an Assistant Commissioner for 11 years and his primary responsibilities were managing football, wrestling and baseball, while also working with student eligibility and sports officials.

On August 2, 2011, Rob became the Commissioner of Athletics for the C.I.F. Southern Section.

Rob began teaching in the Concordia University Master’s Degree Program in Coaching and Athletic Administration 7 years ago. In 2012, Rob was selected as a Concordia University California Coaches Conference Legacy in Sports Award winner and was honored as the Teacher of the Year in the Concordia University Master’s Degree Program in Coaching and Athletic Administration for the 2009-2010 school year. He currently teaches MCAA 591, the Athletic Director Institute and has also taught MCAA 510, Principles of Coaching and Leadership and MCAA 595, the Culminating Project, where he has served as a graduate advisor for over 50 students who have completed their Portfolios and earned their Masters Degrees.

I truly enjoy teaching in the MCAA program because of the opportunity to work with students who share the same passion I have for education and athletics. The Concordia University experience provides an excellent vehicle for those who believe in serving young people.

Number of years/months of service in the MCAA program: (7 years)
Number of years/months in Athletics Administration: (25 years)
Awards and Recognitions
2012 – 2013 – President’s Award – Foothill-Citrus Athletic Directors Association
2012 – Distinguished Service Award – California Baseball Coaches Association
2012 – Herb Meyer Distinguished Service Award – Southern Cali