. Samantha is a technology teacher at Harvest Christian Schools. Together they attend Harvest Christian Fellowship.

Noyes, Samantha
951-334-0533
samantha.noyes@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Samantha has been a part of the MCAA family since August of 2017. She holds a Bachelors of Arts in Liberal Studies and a Masters of Science in Education from California Baptist University. Local to Concordia University Irvine, Samantha resides in nearby Riverside, CA with her husband Kent and new family addition, Rylie. Samantha has always had a passion for education and greatly enjoys working with MCAA students to help them complete their culminating portfolio projects.

What I appreciate most about the MCAA program is the opportunity to meet so many professionals who are passionate about their student-athletes. It is inspirational to see them strive for the best for others - truly living out their mission of being servant leaders.

O'neill, Jon
949-943-4835
jon.oneill@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Jon has been involved in athletics his entire life, from pickup ball in the street as a child, to collegiate sports announcing and teaching today. An alumnus of California Baptist University (BA), where he originally went to play baseball prior to an injury changing those plans, and Concordia University Irvine (MBA), Jon comes to the MCAA program with a wealth of knowledge spanning throughout his years in athletics.

Jon left high school coaching to join the MCAA team in 2013, working in recruitment, strategic partnerships, and marketing for the program in his role as an Assistant Director. In 2015 he was offered a position overseeing fundraising for the athletics department at Concordia University Irvine and spent time working with boosters and other strategic partners of the university. Shortly after a successful tenure in fundraising, Jon was called back to the MCAA program to oversee admissions as the Director, and then ultimately serving as the Senior Director.

In 2019 Jon transitioned to the for-profit world in a sales role, and continues to balance a day job in sales, along with his part-time role(s) with Concordia University Irvine. Currently, Jon owns and operates a regional sports announcing business, Right The First Time Announcing, which allows him to stay involved in college athletics. Jon also serves on the adjunct faculty for the MCAA program, where he has been involved since 2016.

Jon has taught primarily with the MCAA program, but also in different business courses. These courses include:

BUS101 - Introduction to Business
MKT333 - Principles of Marketing
MCAA595 - Culminating Project - Portfolio / Dissertation (Masters level)
MCAA573 - Applied Exercise Sciences and Strategies for Coaching Basketball - Assisted (Masters level)
BUS515 - Organizational Behavior (Masters level)
KIN545 - Sport Marketing and Promotion (Masters level)

Jon resides in Irvine, CA with his wife, Angela, and dog, Molly, who his wife treats like a child. They attend Mariners Church, where Angela serves on staff and Jon serves in multiple leadership roles across the organization. Jon and Angela have a passion for mobility, which has drawn them to being involved with Free Wheelchair Mission, a faith-based non-profit based in Irvine, CA that gives the gift of mobility through providing free wheelchairs to those in need.

What I appreciate about the MCAA program is it combines top notch education with real world practicality, allowing coaches and athletics directors to earn a masters degree in something they are passionate about and pertains directly to their day to day life.

Orechia, Chris
425-830-9540
christopher.orechia@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor

Christopher Orechia is a sports & entertainment professional spending over 12+ years working at the collegiate, minor league and major four franchise level. He attended Merrimack College in North And over, MA while earning a Bachelor of Arts in Communication Studies and Political Science. He furthered his education by earning a Master of Arts Degree in Higher Education at the University of Redlands.

Christopher was born in Chicago, IL but grew up in the Pacific Northwest in Bothell, WA. He is an avid sports fan and played several sports, but his true love was on the baseball field where he was a member of the Merrimack College Warriors baseball program serving as the one of the teams’ catchers. After his playing days he transitioned into a sports information role at the University of Redlands overseeing their 24 varsity programs. After this time at the collegiate level, he worked for AEG Sports primarily with the LA Kings-Ontario Reign along with the Phoenix Suns overseeing their ticket sales and development departments.

Next stop in his career took him to Florham Park, NJ where he served as the Manager of Premium Partnerships for the New York Jets. During his time in the NFL he was responsible for generating new multi-year, six-figure partnerships while mai