receiving her Bachelor of Science, emphasis in kinesiology/sports medicine in 2013, Brooke went into coaching volleyball for her high school alma mater and club years later. While coaching volleyball, Brooke continued her education at CUI and went back to earn her M.A. in Coaching and Athletic Administration (2017), single subject teaching credential (2016) and administrative credential in 2021. Brooke was given an award of excellence after finishing the CUI MCAA program. Years later while teaching and coaching for Mission Viejo High School, Concordia's inducted Brooke into the Athletics Hall of Fame February 2021. Currently she continues to teach at Mission Viejo High School as a Physical Education and Health teacher. This past fall was her 13th season as the volleyball coach where she stepped away from the program to pursuit her aspirations to be the Athletic Director for Mission Viejo High School.

Building strong leaders in our community through sports, this is my life's passion and I look forward to sharing it with our CUI teammates.

Nocetti, Ron
916-899-8690
ronald.nocetti@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dr. Ron Nocetti is currently the Executive Director for the California Interscholastic Federation. Prior to assuming this role, Ron served the CIF as the Associate Executive Director, Senior Director and Director of Championship Events. He previously was the Director of Athletics at Jesuit High School in Carmichael and sat on the board for the California State Athletic Director’s Association. In 2005, Ron was named the CSADA Athletic Director of the Year for the Sac-Joaquin Section.

Before moving to the Sacramento area, Ron spent nine years teaching and coaching at Sacred Heart Cathedral in San Francisco, where he also served as the dean of students and assistant principal for student services. Ron has coached for 18 years at a variety of levels in the sports of baseball and basketball. Ron has also presented over 250 workshops to coaches, parents, and student-athletes across the country on behalf of the Positive Coaching Alliance based at Stanford University. He is a graduate of the University of San Francisco where he received a bachelor’s in economics, a master’s in sport management, and a doctorate in educational leadership. Ron also played baseball while attending USF.

Ron and his wife Deanne, a former high school and college volleyball coach and volleyball player at USF, have been married 30 years. They have four children: Keira, a University of San Diego graduate where she competed on the rowing team; Mikaela, a Sacramento State University graduate where she played indoor and beach volleyball and is currently a high school biology teacher and volleyball coach; Gianna, an engineering major and water polo student-athlete at UC Davis; and Dante, who is a high school water polo and swimming student-athlete.

Noyes, Kent
 
 
MCAA Adjunct Professor
Biography

Kent Noyes attended the University of Redlands earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration. He furthered his education by earning his Masters of Arts Degree in Coaching and Athletics Administration.

Kent grew up in Upland, CA and attended Claremont High School. He was an avid sports fan and played on the baseball team, which led him to the University of Redlands. Kent was a left-handed pitcher for the Bulldogs. After his playing days, he joined the Bulldogs coaching staff assisting with infielders, pitchers and managing the bullpen. He served under Scott Laverty's leadership for three years and was part of the 2011 SCIAC Championship team. Kent moved on from the University of Redlands to work for a GIS software company, Esri. At Esri, Kent was a Project Manager within the Marketing Operations department for three years. In 2015, Kent decided to get back into the athletics' world by accepting an Events Marketing Coordinator position with the MCAA team.

Kent and his lovely wife, Samantha, live in Riverside, CA with their dog Barkley. Samantha is a technology teacher at Harvest Christian Schools. Together they attend Harvest Christian Fellowship.

Noyes, Samantha
951-334-0533
samantha.noyes@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Samantha has been a part of the MCAA family since August of 2017. She holds a Bachelors of Arts in Liberal Studies and a Masters of Science in Education from California Baptist University. Local to Concordia University Irvine, Samantha resides in nearby Riverside, CA with her husband Kent and new family addition, Rylie. Samantha has always had a passion for education and greatly enjoys working with MCAA students to help them complete their culminating portfolio projects.

What I appreciate most about the MCAA program is the opportunity to meet so many professionals who are passionate about their student-athletes. It is inspirational to see them strive for the best for others - truly living out their mission of being servant leaders.

O'neill, Jon
949-943-4835
jon.oneill@cui.edu
MCAA Ad