MCAA from Concordia University and is certified with the National Strength and Conditioning Association, as well as the Collegiate Strength and Conditioning Coaches Association.

What I appreciate most about teaching in the MCAA program is without a doubt, the students. Each semester there is a new group of students that bring energy and a hunger for learning which challenges me to have that hunger also. It is really the student teaching the teacher!

Randall, John
949-214-3358
john.randall@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor

Dr. John Randall has been helping others use technology in educational settings since 1994. His professional career began as a corporate trainer who helped employees learn a variety of software applications ranging from Microsoft Office to back-end server and network administration. In 1998, John accepted the position of Technology Director at Abiding Savior Lutheran Church and School in Lake Forest, California where he helped teachers incorporate technology into their teaching to help students learn in innovative ways, taught Kindergarten through 8th grade computer skills, and built and managed all aspects of the technology network.

In 2004 he began teaching for Concordia University Irvine as an adjunct professor in the School of Education and in 2007 accepted a full-time position with Concordia as an Associate Professor of Instructional Design and Senior Director of Faculty Training and Development. In 2016, John earned his Doctorate in Education with an emphasis in Learning Technologies from Pepperdine University. In 2022, he accepted a new position of Senior Director of the Office of Innovative Instruction and eLearning that leads the university in instructional design for course development, academic media, and faculty training. He continues to teach educational technology courses in the School of Education and the Masters of Coaching and Athletic Administration.

John and his wife, Kim, met at Christ College Irvine where they both graduated in 1990. In 2005 they were blessed with their son Troy who helps them daily see the beautiful works of our Lord. John is a product of several wonderful Christian educational institutions. He attended grade school at West Portal Lutheran and high school at St. Ignatius College Preparatory in San Francisco as well as Pepperdine University for his graduate work. Abiding Savior Lutheran has been the church home of the Randall family since 1998.

I am privileged to collaborate with so many talented coaches who have a passion for improving their vocational calling in life.

Rizzo, Jennifer
949-214-3273
jennifer.rizzo@cui.edu
MCAA Faculty
Biography

Jennifer Rizzo grew up in San Juan Capistrano, California. Growing up Jennifer played softball and volleyball, including four years as a starter in volleyball both high school and in college, three years at Georgia State and one year at Concordia University Irvine. Jennifer graduated from Concordia University Irvine in 2003. As a grad assistant she was given the opportunity to teach Exercise and Sport Science classes where she fell in love with teaching. At Concordia, Jennifer received her Masters of Business Administration in 2005. In 2015 she completed her Ed.D in Sports Management with an emphasis in Sports Medicine from United States Sports Academy. Jenn holds certifications in dry needling, cupping therapy, Functional Movement Screens (FMS) and is an Impact Training Athletic Trainer (ITAT). In addition to her certification as a Board Certified Athletic Trainer Jenn is certified with NASM as a corrective exercise specialist.

Jenn’s tenure at Concordia University Irvine includes being an assistant athletic trainer working primarily with the baseball, girls’ basketball and girls’ volleyball programs. She also served as an associate professor of ESS and athletic training and the athletic training education program director and clinical education clinical coordinator. Jenn currently works for Concordia International School Shanghai, in Shanghai China, where she serves as the athletic trainer and wellness coordinator.

In her free time Jenn enjoys traveling around the world, hiking, biking and exploring Shanghai.

Teaching
MCAA 570 Sport Medicine and Performance
Roberts, K. Tracy
 
kevin.roberts@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Professor
Biography

K. Tracy Roberts holds a B.A. in Social Sciences from CSU Sacramento as well as Teaching Credential and Masters Degree in Education from National University. Tracy is also a certified Professional Golfers' Association (PGA) Class A Teaching Professional.

"Coach" has been dedicated to young athletes coaching golf and other sports at the championship level for over three decades. He recently retired from Woodbridge High School in Irvine where he taught Economics and Political Science and was the head coach of both golf teams. He finished with over 600 Team victories, Individual State and CIF Champions and 3 CIF Team Championships including a Back2Back. His Warriors were also 