
Soon after returning to Mission Viejo High School, Palle was named athletic director. Palle is in her 16th year as an Assistant Commissioner for the CIF Southern Section. Her areas of responsibility are: Eligibility, Transfers, Officials (assigned sports), Hardships/Hardship Appeals, President's Council, Badminton, Gymnastics, Soccer (girls), Swimming and Diving, and Waterpolo (boys and girls). She is looking forward to the addition of Sand Volleyball as a Championship sport and the recently approved Flag Football sport growth. Palle credits her own experience as a student-athlete, as well as the influence of her family and coaches, for the motivation to pursue her career in athletic administration. Palle looks to continue her education so she can continue to serve the CIF southern section, its member schools, and the thousands of student-athletes who participate in high school sports.

Preuss, Tim
949-468-6176
tim.preuss@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Dr. Tim Preuss serves as Provost at Concordia University Nebraska. Dr. Preuss’ career began in education where he served as a high school teacher and coached football, baseball and track and field from 1983-85 in Houston, TX. In 1985 he accepted a call to Concordia University in Nebraska. Preuss served as assistant football coach and Director of Admissions until 1994 when he joined the faculty as a Professor of Health and Human Performance. In addition to football, he also assumed head coaching duties for the softball team and won three league titles in softball between 1994 and 2001; the football team won the Great Plains Athletic Conference title and appeared in the national playoffs in 2001. While at Concordia – Nebraska, Preuss earned a Masters degree in Exercise Physiology (1987) and a PhD in Post-Secondary Leadership (2001) from the University of Nebraska – Lincoln.

In 2005 Preuss accepted the call to become Assistant Professor of Exercise and Sport Science and Director of Athletics at Concordia – Irvine. During his tenure, the athletic department gained national prominence, finishing 6th, 5th, 3rd and 2nd in the Directors Cup National All-Sports standings.

As Provost, Dr. Preuss oversees the College of Arts and Sciences, the College of Business and Technology and the College of Education, Health and Human Sciences.

Preuss serves as a faculty member for the Masters in Coaching and Athletic Administration program, teaching Strength, Speed and Conditioning courses.

Dr. Preuss is married to Debbie Lang-Preuss. He and Debbie have four adult children: Seth, Lydia, Matthew and Abigail.

 I have been teaching in the program almost continuously since 2005. I have had the privilege of developing both the MCAA 585 and 586 classes. I think the program has been of enormous benefit to thousands of coaches across the country and many thousand more student athletes who have benefited from their coaches growth and development. I love the privilege of being a part of that.

Ragan, TJ
765-499-3682
tj.ragan@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Ragan serves as the Head Football Coach and Strength Coach at Chester High School in Northern California. Prior to this, he served as the Defensive Coordinator and Strength and Conditioning Coordinator for Taylor University. Prior to this stop were stops at Wheaton Academy, Valor Christian and Orange Lutheran where he was an athletic director, coach and strength coach.

Previous to this Ragan served as the Head Strength and Conditioning coach at both Oregon State University and Colgate University, was a member of University of Nebraska’s 1997 National Championship Team as an Assistant Strength and Conditioning Coach and also did a one year internship with the Denver Broncos as an assistant strength and conditioning coach.

Ragan founded and ran a non-profit organization, Cross Training Ministries, for seven years after graduating college. He earned a degree in Biblical and theological studies from Bethel University, received his MCAA from Concordia University and is certified with the National Strength and Conditioning Association, as well as the Collegiate Strength and Conditioning Coaches Association.

What I appreciate most about teaching in the MCAA program is without a doubt, the students. Each semester there is a new group of students that bring energy and a hunger for learning which challenges me to have that hunger also. It is really the student teaching the teacher!

Randall, John
949-214-3358
john.randall@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor

Dr. John Randall has been helping others use technology in educational settings since 1994. His professional career began as a corporate trainer who helped employees learn a variety of software applications ranging from Microsoft Office to back-end server and network administration. In 1998, John accepted the position of Technology Director at Abiding Savior Lutheran Church and School in Lake Forest, California where he helped teachers incorporate technology into the