d Videos:
Released December 2004

“Installing the 50 Defense”, “Stance and fundamentals”, “Defensive Line Basics”, “Installing the Option”

My reasons for teaching for Concordia University is the sincere passion it brings for facilitating such a positive learning environment and caring for its students and outstanding support for its faculty, a great family atmosphere.

Cattau, Curt
714-476-3995
curt.cattau@cui.edu
MCAA Adjunct Instructor
Biography

Curt W. Cattau was born in Columbus Nebraska and grew up on a dairy farm. During those early years he did not have the opportunity to participate in any organized sports while attending a small rural Lutheran elementary school. It wasn’t until Curt attended Concordia Prep High School in Seward, Nebraska that he enjoyed participation and success in football and wrestling.

After graduating from Concordia High School he continued his education at Concordia Teachers College in Seward, Nebraska earning a Secondary Education degree with a Physical Education major and Biology minor. Curt also participated on the wrestling team for 2 years and football team for 3 years. He earned a Varsity Letter in each of those seasons. He was a member of the wrestling team his freshman year and football team his sophomore year that each earned Hall of Fame status for their successful seasons at Concordia University.

Curt married Ruth Ann Klammer during their college years and after graduation both began their teaching careers in the Milwaukee, Wisconsin area. Ruth taught at Hales Corners Lutheran Grade School and Curt began his teaching, coaching, and administration career at Martin Luther High School in Greendale, Wisconsin. During that time they had 2 sons, Andrew and Luke.

Curt’s teaching responsibilities during his 18 years at Martin Luther included Physical Education, Biology, and Religion. He also had many coaching responsibilities as an assistant coach in wrestling, football, and track and field. Curt’s head coaching positions include Track and Field (5 years) and Football (10 years). Curt was fortunate to have teams that earned 3 Conference Championships, 7 Playoff appearances, and 2 state finalist finishes as the Head Football Coach. He was named the Athletic Director in his 6 th year at Martin Luther and continued in that position for 13 years. During that time he served 5 years on the Board of Directors for the Conference and 3 years on the State Athletic Association Board. During his years at Martin Luther Curt earned his MS in Human Kinetics at University of Wisconsin – Milwaukee.

In 1991 Curt accepted a position at Concordia University Irvine and served as a faculty member for 29 years. He taught in the Exercise and Sport Science major for 24 years. During that time he was the Division Chair for 12 years and instituted the Sport Management program as part of the Exercise and Sport Science degree. Curt became a full time faculty member in the School of Business and Program Director when the Sport Management Program moved all courses to the School of Business. He has taught in the MCAA since the beginning of the program. Curt earned his PhD from the University of New Mexico in Sport Administration.

Curt was involved with the Concordia University Athletic Department as the Head Softball Coach for 3 years. He took on the Athletic Director role after coaching and held the position for 8 years. After retiring as the Athletic Director he became the Faculty Athletic Representative for 8 years. During his time in those 2 positions CUI won 7 National Championships in the NAIA. Curt was honored as a member in the CUI Hall of Fame as a Coach, Athletic Director and FAR in 2014. Curt retired from full time ministry at Concordia University in 2020 and he and Ruth now reside in Loveland Colorado. He continues to teach as an adjunct faculty for the MCAA in the area of Sport Psychology.

One of the reasons I was originally drawn to teach at Concordia University over 30 years ago was the mission of the university, “guided by the Great Commission of Christ Jesus and the Lutheran Confessions to empower students through the liberal arts and professional studies for lives of learning, service and leadership.” So when I first heard about the MCAA program that CUI was developing I realized the impact that this curriculum could have on the coaching profession when this mission stated would be applied. I am humbled and feel honored to be a part of the program, developing and teaching the online Psychology of Coaching class.

Curtis, Christy
949-303-8265
christy.curtis@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Christy Curtis is an Adjunct Professor of the Concordia Masters of Arts in Coaching and Athletic Administration program. She completed her undergraduate degree in English Literature and Master’s degree in Education Administration from the University of Redlands. During this time she was a member of the women’s basketball program and is a current committee member for the University of Redland