https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/coaching/meet-our-alumni
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MCAA
Curriculum 
Meet the Team
Alumni
Financial Aid
Coach's Resources 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MEET OUR ALUMNI
Master's in Coaching & Athletics Administration
Alumni Spotlight
Building Character and Competitiveness

Coach Jason Negro, despite tempting opportunities in higher-level coaching, Coach Negro remains devoted to shaping young lives, demonstrating his commitment to continuous learning and education by furthering his academic qualifications alongside coaching triumphs.

Read Story 

Masters In Coaching Episode XV: Athletic Director Jolinda Miller

Tim Cates talks with University of Cincinnati Associate Athletic Director Jolinda Miller about college athletics during a pandemic.

Listen to Podcast 

Masters In Coaching Episode I: Head Football Coach Jason Negro

He’s one of the most successful high school football coaches in Southern California in the last two decades. He’s sent dozens of kids onto college to play football. He’s won a national championship and been named coach of the year, yet he still decided to go back to school to further his education. Why? Let’s find out.

Listen to Podcast 

Creating Positive Sports Experiences

With the help of Concordia Irvine’s Master's in Coaching and Athletics Administration (MCAA) program, Alecia Ivery is connecting kids to the joy of sports as both a coach and a leader in an organization called Girls in the Game (GIG).

Read Story 

Transformational Coaching

In his first year helming a national-level high school football program, Chad Johnson is using lessons learned in CUI's MCAA program.

Read Story 

Olympic Medalist Talks about MCAA

Why the most successful beach volleyball player in history, with 3 gold medals and 107 career wins, chose CUI’s MCAA program.

Read Story 

Hearing the Call

Head coach, Chuck Goldstein, breaks into the national rankings (#25) for the first time in school history.

Read Story 

The Fab Five

Five former Olympians, Gabe Gardner, Chris Segesman, Misty May-Treanor, Staciana Stitts-Winfield, and Michelle Venturella, reflect on CUI’s Master's of Coaching and Athletics Administration program.

Read Story 

Igniting a Career

For Christopher Richardson, earning his MCAA degree at CUI ignited his career.

Read Story 



Previous Alumni Article


Next Alumni Article
Who Are Our MCAA Alumni?

500

CURRENT STUDENT ENROLLED

5,000+

MCAA ALUMNI

VIEW ALUMNI TESTIMONIAL MAP
Alumni in the News
Chris Acker Selected As The New Head Men’s Basketball Coach At Long Beach State

Long Beach State - 4/2/2024

Fred Chmeil Named Head Women's Basketball Coach at Bowling Green State University

The State - 4/10/2023

Jason Negro named High School Football America National Coach of the Year

High School Football America - 1/13/2023

Margueritte Aozasa Pac 12 Coach of the Year, Regional Coach of the Year and First Rookie Head Coach to win the NCAA Division 1 Women's soccer Championship

Sports Illustrated - 12/13/2022

Margueritte Aozasa hired as UCLA Women's Soccer Head Coach

UCLA Bruins - 4/7/2022

Misty May-Treanor '13 inducted into U.S. Olympic & Paralympic Hall of Fame

The Orange County Register - 11/22/2019

Natasha Wilson Hired As VP For Student Life & Athletics at Central Methodist

Victory Sports Network - 5/30/2019

Chad Johnson Named Football Coach at Mission Viejo

OC Register - 12/13/2017

Chris Richardson '09 to lead Team USA Track & Field as Women's Head Coach at 25th annual Thorpe Cup

USA Track & Field - 6/7/2018

President Trump announces intent to appoint Misty May-Treanor '13 co-chair of President’s Council on Sports, Fitness, and Nutrition

The White House - 5/4/2018

Jolinda Miller '17 takes home Athletic Director of the Year award at Cincinnati.com Sports Awards

Cincinnati.com - 4/23/2018

‘Girls in the Game’ helps young Chicago girls get help with PTSD

The Undefeated - 4/13/2017

Connect With Us
 
 
Read Our Newsletters
Fall 2023 Newsletter   Winter 2023 Newsletter   Spring 2023 Newsletter   Summer 2023 Newsletter
Connect With Alumni

ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

Meet Our Alumni
This program has afforded me a deeper relationship with Jesus Christ, a deeper relationship with my wife and kids, and also a deeper relationship with my athletes and colleagues…I have learned what it means to truly invest time, effort, and energy into these different relationships and have grown closer to each group/person throughout this program.

David Svendsen

Varsity Boys Water Polo & Swimming, Atwater High School

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
We Are MCAA
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

