https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/edd/leadership
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Ed.D.: Leadership
Program Design 
Curriculum
Specializations 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Requirements
Events 
Contact 
Apply Now
Concordia University Irvine
DOCTOR OF EDUCATION (Ed.D.) IN LEADERSHIP
School of Education
 
 
GET STARTED 
Preparing Transformative Leaders

The Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership is a graduate program designed for working professionals like you who want to advance their careers in education or administrative leadership. Concordia University Irvine’s integrated curriculum offers practical instruction in leadership so that you can guide diverse learning organizations toward continuous improvement and sustained effectiveness. Through your study of theory and applied research, you will come to embody the knowledge, character, and skills needed to be a catalyst for change. Because your lives are busy, our coursework offers flexible and convenient scheduling online, along with an integrated dissertation track, while retaining the benefits of face-to-face interaction. Graduate students choose from three areas of specialization offered within the Doctor of Education in Leadership degree: Educational Administration, Organizational Change or Special Education.

Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

Program of Interest 
- Select a program
Doctor of Education in Leadership: Educational Administration
Doctor of Education in Leadership: Organizational Change
Doctor of Education in Leadership: Special Education
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

By requesting information, I consent to be contacted by Concordia University Irvine through my email, phone or text message.

ATTEND AN INFO NIGHT
Specializations
Educational Administration
Organizational Change
Special Education
Program Highlights
3 Areas of Specialization: Graduate students choose from Educational Administration, Organizational Change or Special Education.
Blended Delivery Option: Concordia’s Ed.D. provides a flexible delivery system that utilizes face-to-face, on-campus classroom sessions; real-time, online video conferencing; and self-paced learning modules.
Fully Online Option: For students who do not live near campus, we offer an online distance learning option that utilizes both synchronous and asynchronous delivery.
3 Years to Complete: The typical length of a term for each course is eight (8) weeks which allows you to graduate in as few as 33 to 36 months.
Student Cohorts: You will belong to a small cohort strategically arranged to facilitate interaction and learning among your fellow students and faculty.
Integrated Dissertation Track: You will enjoy an individualized learning plan and senior faculty support, designed to guide you through the dissertation process.
Fieldwork Experience: Educational trips are embedded within the curriculum to enhance your understanding of how policy, law, and culture affect learning organizations.
Experienced Christian Educators: The doctoral program enables frequent real-time interaction with faculty members who are deeply committed to educational and instructional practices that better meet the needs of every learner.
Competitive Price per Unit: The Concordia Ed.D. is priced near or below other Ed.D. programs in Southern California and tuition costs are “locked” for three years.
Clear Administrative Services Credential Program: Enroll with the Orange County Department of Education at any time and fulfill your coursework requirements through Concordia University Irvine.
Instructional Learning Options: Blended or Fully Online

We believe there is great value in frequent real-time interaction with fellow students and your instructors. Our Doctor of Education program is delivered through either a blended or a fully online instructional approach. This means less or no time on campus, more time online, and the flexibility to fit continuing education into your home, family, and work life.

Our blended delivery option utilizes face-to-face, on-campus classroom sessions; real-time, online (video conferencing) learning sessions; and self-paced learning modules. Our fully online option uses state-of-the art technology to bring students and faculty together on real-time conference calls and 24/7 learning modules. Both options provide students an accommodative learning environment that encourages interaction and learning among students and faculty throughout each academic term.

You will also enjoy the experience of educational travel. The Ed.D. field work is a continuation of your learning, providing a rich context for applying your academic knowledge, a social laboratory to conduct project observation and research, and a setting for establishing and deepening relationships with fellow students in your cohort.

VIEW SAMPLE SCHEDULE

Cohort Membershi