 or no time on campus, more time online, and the flexibility to fit continuing education into your home, family, and work life.

Our blended delivery option utilizes face-to-face, on-campus classroom sessions; real-time, online (video conferencing) learning sessions; and self-paced learning modules. Our fully online option uses state-of-the art technology to bring students and faculty together on real-time conference calls and 24/7 learning modules. Both options provide students an accommodative learning environment that encourages interaction and learning among students and faculty throughout each academic term.

You will also enjoy the experience of educational travel. The Ed.D. field work is a continuation of your learning, providing a rich context for applying your academic knowledge, a social laboratory to conduct project observation and research, and a setting for establishing and deepening relationships with fellow students in your cohort.

VIEW SAMPLE SCHEDULE

Cohort Membership to Promote Success

Students in the online doctoral program move through a sequence of courses collectively. The common goal of starting and completing the program together encourages students to work together, which promotes the development of personal relationships and the building of a professional network. Cohort membership enables students to support and learn from other students, raising expectations that all students will strive to complete the program successfully.

VIEW LEARNING STRATEGIES

Curriculum and Integrated Dissertation Track

The purpose of the doctoral program is to develop transformative leaders who embody the knowledge, competencies, and skills necessary to guide organizations toward continuous improvement and sustained effectiveness. The program accomplishes this purpose through a rigorous and integrated curriculum focusing on theory and applied research in leadership, with emphasis on systems thinking in the development of analytical skills applicable to dynamic and diverse learning organizations.

The dissertation track is designed to immerse students in research from the beginning through completion of the program. Starting the research process at the beginning of the program allows students to integrate their coursework topics into their study, and allows them to continually progress through the dissertation steps. In addition to a dedicated advisor, and the support of the dissertation committee, research benchmarks are integrated across the curriculum to ensure that you have an appropriate foundation to build upon.

View Core Curriculum and Dissertation Research »

Educational Trips

Concordia’s Ed.D. program integrates two educational trips within the curriculum: a required trip to Washington D.C., and an optional international trip, most recently to the People’s Republic of China.

Washington, D.C.

Concordia University’s doctoral program integrates educational trips within the curriculum to enhance your understanding of how policy, law, and culture affect learning organizations. You will travel to Washington, D.C., and meet with government officials to discuss standards, policies, and entities that presently guide decisions at the national level and how political aspects impact education policy.

People’s Republic of China

You can also choose to travel to the People’s Republic of China to interact with Chinese colleagues and students to generate a comparative analysis of different educational systems and to identify desirable attributes to integrate within their local educational system. These trips also offer students and faculty the opportunity to build a sense of community and camaraderie within the cohort.

LEARN MORE

Ed.D. Spotlight
Concordia Steps into Major Role to Evaluate California Education Initiative

Concordia's School of Education was selected by the California Department of Education to conduct a major evaluation for a new statewide entity, the California Early Childhood Special Education Network (CalECSE). Concordia received a $150,000 grant to fund the effort which will also scholarship four doctoral students as researchers.

Belinda Dunnick Karge: Publishing To Improve Mentorship

Belinda Dunnick Karge, PhD, on the doctoral faculty in Concordia University Irvine’s School of Education, has collaborated on a number of recently-published papers, mostly in partnership with Concordia University Irvine doctoral alumni or students. Full Story 

Reyes Gauna: From Orchards to Educational Leadership

Dr. Reyes Gauna is the superintendent of Byron Union School District in Northern California. He may have a big title and a ton of responsibilities, but Dr. Gauna says he never forgets his humble beginnings. Dr. Gauna started out as a school custodian in a nearby district. He held that job for four years while he was in college, then worked his way up to campus safety monitor. He was then inspired to become a teacher, and next, an administrator. Full Story 

Nnenna Okpara: Empowering Her C