(CalECSE). Concordia received a $150,000 grant to fund the effort which will also scholarship four doctoral students as researchers.

Belinda Dunnick Karge: Publishing To Improve Mentorship

Belinda Dunnick Karge, PhD, on the doctoral faculty in Concordia University Irvine’s School of Education, has collaborated on a number of recently-published papers, mostly in partnership with Concordia University Irvine doctoral alumni or students. Full Story 

Reyes Gauna: From Orchards to Educational Leadership

Dr. Reyes Gauna is the superintendent of Byron Union School District in Northern California. He may have a big title and a ton of responsibilities, but Dr. Gauna says he never forgets his humble beginnings. Dr. Gauna started out as a school custodian in a nearby district. He held that job for four years while he was in college, then worked his way up to campus safety monitor. He was then inspired to become a teacher, and next, an administrator. Full Story 

Nnenna Okpara: Empowering Her Community

Nnenna has been working in Special Education her entire career. In her most recent position as a Program Specialist for a large urban school district, she is actively involved with teachers, administrators, and parents in meeting the needs of children with special needs in her district. Her coursework at Concordia not only gave her the practical skills to support her community but also has helped her to understand the global impact education needs to have. Full Story 

Dissertation: A Mixed Methods Study of Charter School Administrators' Perspectives of Effective Inclusion Practices

Vendetta Dozier Brown: A Passion for Literacy

Long before Concordia, as a teacher and administrator, Vendetta had a passion for being a voice for the children in her school district and was particularly vocal about the fact that the children weren't reading and writing at acceptable levels. Her time at Concordia University Irvine served to deepen her passion with respect to this issue, and has motivated her to continue working in her community to improve literacy. Full Story 

Dissertation: Improving Students' Writing Skills in the Age of Common Core: The Effectiveness of Explicit Prewriting Instruction and Teachers' Views, Perceptions, and Concerns Regarding Implementation

Vonda Rogers: Stepping Out in Faith

Most of us cringe when we think of spending a full day with Middle Schoolers, but not Vonda. She has always had a heart for adolescents and a passion for equality and equity. That combination has made this middle school science teacher a powerful force for change on her large urban middle school campus where she is educating her entire community on culture and the need for understanding one another. Full Story 

Dissertation: The Relationship Between Spirituality and an Adolescent's Perspectives and Experiences with Peer Victimization

LaVonne Riggs: Engaging in Restorative Practices

LaVonne has been sticking up for the underdog her whole life. Long before she came to Concordia she was passionate about standing against injustice and standing up for those who don’t have a seat at the table or who have been looked at as “less-than.” She currently works with university students implementing restorative practices in higher education. Full Story 

Corinna Lee-Hathuc: Impacting Educators

For as long as she can remember Corinna always wanted to be an educator. But growing up as the daughter of a teacher, it wasn’t always easy to distinguish between where her mother’s dream ended and hers began. It wasn’t until she stepped out of classroom teaching and into Administration that this calling became her own. Full Story 

William Nelson: Uplifting Students to Reach Their Goals

Will’s goal is to uplift his students, offering them more opportunities than those he was afforded early in his life. He’s a strong believer that a student’s success reaches far beyond the individual student, but also impacts the students’ family and community. The more success a student has in school, the more likely they’ll find success in their adult lives - hopefully a future with less reliance on government resources. Full Story 

READ MORE STORIES

Faculty Spotlight

Concordia University has a strong faculty of experienced Christian educators who are faithful to the university’s mission to “empower students. . . for lives of learning, service, and leadership.” Our doctoral program is structured to enable frequent real-time interaction among students and instructors, in both face-to-face and online settings.

Dr. Kellie Albrecht
Ph.D. in in Education, Cultural & Curricular Studies Chapman University, Orange, CA

Dr. Kellie Albrecht is the Assistant Dean in the School of Education and Sr. Director of the Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership Program. Dr. Albrecht has taught and served as an administrator in higher education for the past 20 years. Prior to teaching in higher education, Dr. Albrecht was an elementary school educator having taught in grades 1, 