nt has in school, the more likely they’ll find success in their adult lives - hopefully a future with less reliance on government resources. Full Story 

READ MORE STORIES

Faculty Spotlight

Concordia University has a strong faculty of experienced Christian educators who are faithful to the university’s mission to “empower students. . . for lives of learning, service, and leadership.” Our doctoral program is structured to enable frequent real-time interaction among students and instructors, in both face-to-face and online settings.

Dr. Kellie Albrecht
Ph.D. in in Education, Cultural & Curricular Studies Chapman University, Orange, CA

Dr. Kellie Albrecht is the Assistant Dean in the School of Education and Sr. Director of the Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership Program. Dr. Albrecht has taught and served as an administrator in higher education for the past 20 years. Prior to teaching in higher education, Dr. Albrecht was an elementary school educator having taught in grades 1, 4, 5, and 6. Dr. Albrecht's experience teaching in urban schools sparked her passion for educating children in diverse settings. Her experience working with culturally diverse and underrepresented children led to an interest in English language development and differentiated instructional practices.

EXPERTISE: Qualitative Research Methods, Action Research, Differentiated Instructional Practices, English Language Development, Pedagogical Methodology, Curriculum Design, Assessment, and Evaluation, Distance Learning Program Improvement, Technological Pedagogy.

Dr. Belinda Karge
Ph.D. in Educational Psychology, Quantitative Methods and Special Education University of California Riverside

Dr. Karge is the Coordinator of Curriculum and Instruction and teaches research classes in the doctoral program. She taught at elementary and high school levels and served in various leadership roles in public education subsequent to moving to the university. Prior to joining the faculty at Concordia University Irvine in 2015, she worked at several research universities, both as faculty and in administrative roles. Dr. Karge is author of numerous books and articles. She is the recipient of the Council for Learning Disabilities Floyd Hudson Outstanding Service to the Field of Learning Disabilities National award and the Association for Childhood Education International (ACEI) award. She serves as a consultant for the U. S. Department of State Office of Overseas Schools.

EXPERTISE: Quantitative Methods, Qualitative Methods, Evaluation Research, Special Education, International Education, Education Reform, New Teacher Induction, Instructional Strategies

Dr. Eugene P. Kim
Ph.D. in Social Sciences & Comparative Education, University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA)

As a social entrepreneur and educational innovator, Dr. Kim has impacted communities of poverty, institutions of higher education, foreign governments, non-profit organizations, investment & corporate sectors, and public & private education around the world. In addition to faculty and administrative positions at Pepperdine University and Concordia University Irvine, Dr. Kim has served on boards of foundations and universities (Harvey Fellows, Emperor’s College), founded several non-profits and private companies (House for Kids, Foundation for Transformational Leadership, Xiamen Concordia International School, Integrated Education, Ltd., Kennedy Group, Ltd.), and is consultant to diverse industries including foreign investment, Hollywood films, and executive leadership.

EXPERTISE: Private/Public/International Education, Faith-Learning-Vocation Integration, Innovation & Entrepreneurship, Quantitative, Qualitative & Mixed-Methods Research, International Business & Development, Program Development/Management/Evaluation



VIEW ALL FACULTY
About the School of Education at Concordia

The School of Education has a rich tradition of training teachers. We have graduates teaching around the world as a part of our mission to go into the world and serve. Our Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) accredited programs currently serve over one thousand graduate and undergraduate students on campus, online, and in our regional cohorts in Temecula, Orange County, Los Angeles County and the Inland Empire. Concordia graduates are recognized as outstanding in their field.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THE SCHOOL OF EDUCATION

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

