VE podcast interview with an in-person audience. MCAA Founder, Tom White, and alumni Bianca Littleton and Scott Snyder joined host, Tim Cates, at the interview desk as the audience participated in a question and answer section of the event. Look for videos to be uploaded to the website soon.

With the CCC coming to a close, day five started with a Closing Prayer and Blessings delivered by MCAA Director Jim Kunau followed by final class sessions of sport specific courses. Next year's event is scheduled for June 24 - 28th on the campus of Concordia University Irvine. We would love to have you at next year's event! Registration will open soon.

Sport-Specific Breakout Sessions

The conference offers 9 sport specific breakout courses (listed below) that allow coaches and athletics directors the opportunity to gain even more knowledge in their desired field using a hands-on approach. Applied Exercise Science and Strategies:

BASEBALL & SOFTBALL
BASKETBALL
FOOTBALL
GOLF
SOCCER
STRENGTH & CONDITIONING
TRACK & FIELD
VOLLEYBALL
It was worth every second. This is a gold mine for coaches. Concordia is at the forefront of what’s needed in the athletic realm. Even if they have their master’s degree, I think every coach should go through this program. The principles they teach in Concordia’s MCAA are the ones I’ve lived by for 32 years, so to be solidified in those is an awesome feeling.

Harold Strauss
MCAA student

Past Conferences
#CACoachCon
Essentials
Conference Rates & Packages
Sessions include:
On Campus in Irvine, California
Live In-person Instructions and Presentations
4 Keynote Speakers
9 Sport Specific Class Offerings
Sport Specialized Off-Site Visits - Details TBA
Athletic Director Round Table Discussion - Open to all participants
Hot Topics Discussion - Open to all participants
Lodging Available - please contact Rochelle at MCAA@cui.edu for more information
 	Regular Rate
Individual Attendees

Non-Credit
	
$95


Graduate Credit (4 units)
	
$582*/unit


CUI/MCAA Alumni (non-credit)
	
Free

Group Rate

2+ coaches, same school; non-credit
	
$195

* Price is subject to change

Current MCAA/MSCE Students

Current students can register for any one of the sport-specific courses via MyRecords to participate in the California Coaches Conference. Structurally, the course will be one week in length (June 26 - June 30) and will meet 8 am to 5 pm on campus. Students will receive 4 units of elective credits.

If you have any questions or would like more information please reach out to us: lupe.valdivia@cui.edu (academic advisor)

For more information about the CCC, please direct any questions to:

Rochelle Short
Sr. Coordinator for Program Outreach 
rochelle.short@cui.edu
(949)214-3816

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

