https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/coaching/california-coaches-conference
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MCAA
Curriculum 
Meet the Team
Alumni
Financial Aid
Coach's Resources 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
June 24 - June 28, 2024
$95

Individual Attendees
(non-credit)

$195

Entire Coaching Staff
(non-credit)

$582*
per unit

Graduate Credit
(4 total units)

Free

CUI/MCAA Alumni
(non-credit)

 
 
California Coaches Conference
Hosted by the Master's in Coaching Program at Concordia University Irvine
June 24 - June 28, 2024

California Coaches Conference (CCC) hosted on campus and in person on Concordia University Irvine's campus in beautiful Southern California. The CCC provides a great opportunity to network with coaches and administrators from across the country. Current students have the option to take an elective course, hear from experts and experienced leaders in sports. Conference is Monday - Friday 8:00am - 5:00pm.

CA. Coaches Conference will include in-person presentations from 4 keynote speakers, provide 9 sport specific classes to choose from with one elective strength, speed, and conditioning class option. Lodging is available on campus in dorms (fee applicable) or off campus at a near by hotel; Sonesta Hotel, Irvine. Please contact Rochelle Short at mcaa@cui.edu for more lodging information.

REGISTER HERE
2023 CCC Schedule Highlights:

California Coaches Conference Recap


The 2023 California Coaches Conference (CCC) was held from June 26-30th on the campus of Concordia University Irvine. Students from across America and the World made the trip to Irvine, California where weather conditions were absolutely perfect all week with temperatures in the mid 70s and a cool ocean breeze.

This year's conference started off with continental breakfast each morning and the promise of great events throughout the week. Monday morning's Keynote Speaker was David Baker; past President of the Pro Football Hall of Fame, Mayor and Councilman for City of Irvine, and currently the President and CEO of Legendary Living. He delivered a sensational message on Character: The Key to Transformational Leadership. His welcome message motivated Faculty and Students as they progressed through their first full day of MCAA/MSCE Elective course work.

Day two consisted of our Prayer Breakfast event where a full breakfast, message and blessings offered to all by MCAA Director Jim Kunau was provided. The keynote speaker was Alumna and Athletics Director at Midland University, Courtney Thomsen. Her in-depth coverage of How to Lead in Times of Change gave all our attendees a developing plan to continue progressing as the world around us flows.

Wednesday, day three, provided CUI’s Servant Leadership Program Director, Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier delivered a very impactful address to our attendees on Effective Servant Leadership. As a former MCAA adjunct professor and a long time higher education leader we were excited to welcome him back as one of our Keynote Speakers. Once morning course sessions were complete, MCAA hosted the staff, faculty, alumni and current students to an on campus community lunch, known as Golden Eagle Mingle. Participants enjoyed lunch, played lawn games, made connections with each other and took photos in our photo booth.

Thursday was the most event packed day of the conference week. Concordia Irvine Athletics Director, Crystal Rosenthal delivered a phenomenal speech on Leading with Authenticity and Integrity. After the morning course sessions, the conference transitioned to the Athletic Directors Roundtable discussion. We were blessed to have four experienced and knowledgeable Athletic Directors from around the state answering questions and sharing their experiences with the audience. Immediately following the Athletics Directors Roundtable, the California Coaches Conference hosted iHeartMedia, AM 570 Radio and Tim Cates as he conducted a LIVE podcast interview with an in-person audience. MCAA Founder, Tom White, and alumni Bianca Littleton and Scott Snyder joined host, Tim Cates, at the interview desk as the audience participated in a question and answer section of the event. Look for videos to be uploaded to the website soon.

With the CCC coming to a close, day five started with a Closing Prayer and Blessings delivered by MCAA Director Jim Kunau followed by final class sessions of sport specific courses. Next year's event is scheduled for June 24 - 28th on the campus of Concordia University Irvine. We would love to have you at next year's event! Registration will open soon.

Sport-Specific Breakout Sessions

The conference offers 9 sport specific breakout courses (listed below) that allow coaches and athletics directors the opportunity to gain even more knowledge in their desired field using a hands-on approach. Applied Exercise Science and Strategies:

BASEBALL & SOFTBALL
BASKETBALL
FOOTBALL
GOLF
SOCCER
STRENGTH & CON