https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/coaching/masters-in-coaching
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MCAA
Curriculum 
Meet the Team
Alumni
Financial Aid
Coach's Resources 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE
A Podcast Series with iHeartMedia
Masters in Coaching Podcast

Tim Cates hosts the Masters in Coaching Podcast. Take your coaching to the next level with Concordia's fully online Master’s in Coaching and Athletics Administration. Thousands of coaches and athletic administrators have completed our program and are now affecting positive change in top-rated institutions across the nation. In addition, we have expanded our program to now offer a Master of Science in Coaching and Exercise Sciences.

 iHeart Radio  Spotify
Masters In Coaching Episode Episode LXIX: Brooke Nicholson

Posted on 12/21/2023 by Tim Cates

Tim Cates talks with Brooke Nicholson about career coaching volleyball to now the new Athletic Director at Mission Viejo High School. Brooke was a standout volleyball player, an All-American in college and has a been a successful coach the last decade before taking on a new role at her alma mater. Brooke is a graduate of the MCAA program at Concordia University Irvine and talks about how her experience in the program has helped her get to the position she is in now at Mission Viejo HS.

Listen to Podcast 

Masters In Coaching Episode Episode LXVIII: Dr. Jen Rizzo

Posted on 12/14/2023 by Tim Cates

Tim Cates talks with Dr. Jennifer Rizzo about her new role at Orange Lutheran High School here in Southern California. She's a former volleyball player, coach and longtime athletic trainer that has taken on the job of starting a Health and Human Performance Program at Orange Lutheran. Dr. Rizzo talks about how more and more high schools have athletic training programs for student to learn and possibly pursue a future in that field. Dr. Rizzo talks about her time in China during the pandemic. She is a also a graduate of the MCAA program from Concordia University Irvine and has returned as an adjunct professor.

Listen to Podcast 

Masters In Coaching Episode Episode LXVII: Brent Dohling

Posted on 12/4/2023 by Tim Cates

Brent Dohling talks about his job as District Coordinator of Athletics, PE, & Health with the Saddleback Valley Unified School District. Prior to that, Brent spent over a decade as a teacher, coach, athletic director and assistant principal in Orange County. Brent is a graduate of the MCAA program from Concordia University Irvine and has returned as a adjunct professor. He also talks about his experience as an actor in the movie "Money Ball" along side Brad Pitt.

Listen to Podcast 

Masters In Coaching Episode Episode LXVI: Eric McCurdy

Posted on 11/22/2023 by Tim Cates

Eric McCurdy is the Athletics Director and Associate Vice President California State University at Dominguez Hills. He has experience in the private and public sectors. And he currently just completed his first full year in this role.

Listen to Podcast 

Masters In Coaching Episode LXV: Gardy O’Flynn

Posted on 8/29/2023 by Tim Cates

Tim Cates catches up with Gardy O'Flynn about his days in pro baseball and now 24 years teaching and coaching. Gardy is a nationally recognized throwing specialist with National Pitching East and Tom House Sports. He is also a graduate of the MCAA program from Concordia University Irvine.

Listen to Podcast 

Masters In Coaching Episode LXIV: Lindsey Behonick

Posted on 8/23/2023 by Tim Cates

Tim Cates catches up with Oregon State women's volleyball coach Lindsey Behonick about taking over the Beavers program and her goals as a 1st time head coach. Lindsey was one of the top assistant coaches in the country while at Pittsburgh and before that at Concordia University Irvine. Lindsey was an All-American volleyball player at Concordia University Irvine before she got her MCAA from Concordia University Irvine and pursued a career in coaching.

Listen to Podcast 

Masters In Coaching Episode LXIII: Brenda Villa

Posted on 8/16/2023 by Tim Cates

Tim Cates catches up with 4x Olympic medalist and Hall of Famer Brenda Villa about her journey from LA to Palo Alto to representing the United States in four different Summer Olympics. Brenda is the most decorated player in the history of women's water polo. She is now the head girls water polo coach at Orange Lutheran High School and a student in the MCAA program at Concordia University Irvine.

Listen to Podcast 

Masters In Coaching Episode LXII: Rod Sherman

Posted on 8/2/2023 by Tim Cates

Tim Cates talks with Rod Sherman, the Head Football Coach of Orange Lutheran.  From 1995-2006 as Offensive Coordinator and Athletic Director at Orange Lutheran, Rod won 9 League titles, two CIF Championships, and 1 state championship in football. Then from 2007-2018, Rod was the football coach and AD at Valor Christian HS in Colorado and won 7 State Champions