https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/coaching/apply
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MCAA
Curriculum 
Meet the Team
Alumni
Financial Aid
Coach's Resources 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
Apply

We make it convenient for you to start your master's degree in coaching online by offering four seasonal start terms throughout the year.

Term	Dates
Spring	February 10, 2025
Summer	May 13, 2024
Fall	August 19, 2024
Winter	November 25, 2024

Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.

ONLINE APPLICATION

Requirements: Students must possess a bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited institution with a minimum GPA of 2.75 (or a letter of petition approved by the Admissions Committee if the GPA is below a 2.75).

We do NOT require students to take the GRE or GMAT exam or provide letters of recommendation.

Your official transcript from a regionally accredited college or university that confirms your bachelor's degree can be mailed to this address:
Concordia University Irvine
Attention: MCAA Admissions
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, California 92612-3203

Transfer Students
A total of 8 equivalent graduate-level units can be considered for transfer in place of MCAA elective units.
All transfer coursework must be graduate-level work completed at a regionally accredited institution.
Send official graduate-level transcripts to:
Concordia University Irvine
Att: MCAA - Admissions
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612-3203
 
If your school can send official electronic transcripts, please have them sent to gradadmissions@cui.edu.
A course description from a catalog matching an MCAA/MSCE class must be sent to Lupe.Valdivia@cui.edu.
The MCAA/MSCE program director in conjunction with the Office of the Registrar will determine if a course is transferable once all necessary paperwork is submitted.
We will only review transfer coursework once a student has been accepted into the MCAA/MSCE program.
International Students

Application Fee: $150

International transcripts must be evaluated by the International Education Research Foundation.

INTERNATIONAL PAPER APPLICATION
Petition Letter

If your undergraduate cumulative GPA is below a 2.75, you can write a petition letter to the Admissions Committee. This 2-3 page letter should include the following:

an explanation for why your GPA was below a 2.75
what you have done since graduating that has prepared you for graduate school
what you are doing now and hope to do in the future
why you chose the Concordia MCAA program.

Your petition letter can be emailed to Garrett Kono at Garrett.Kono@cui.edu

Contact

If you need assistance with the admissions process, contact Garrett Kono at 949-214-3620 or Garrett.Kono@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

