https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/economics
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Economics
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
Economics Major
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Prepare to Go Further with an Economics Degree

The economics major at Concordia University Irvine prepares you for a wide range of career prospects related to business and finance. The economy is a central aspect to our culture and way of life. It affects everybody. Understanding economics is understanding a major pillar in the mechanics of how the world works. You will have opportunities to consider big questions like: "What makes this value correct?" or "Should this company be legal?" Our goal is to help you understand how institutions are philosophically managed, so you can operate effectively in your career.

If finance is understanding the numbers, economics is understanding the mechanism that creates those numbers. Not simply looking at the transactional nature of business, but the factors that make a business. What is the relationship between goods, services, and consumers? How have they created wealth?

This major aims to enhance your understanding of economics and its relationship between people and entities, creation and consumption, the regional and the global. Courses cover topics in efficiency, ethics, human behavior, psychology, and people skills. You will benefit from direct and consistent support from professors. Graduates may consider a world of employment opportunities in areas of economic development, government positions, nonprofit organizations, trade, equitability, sustainability, and the environment..

APPLY NOW

Why Choose Economics?

Economics is a major that focuses on big questions and critical thinking. The skills you gain from the study of Economics are highly employable.

Economics is the only liberal arts degree that mixes both technical and liberal skills creating what has been coined as the “just-right” degree.

(Liberal Education & America’s Promise, The National Leadership Council of the Association of American Colleges and Universities)

 

Economics is the most employable liberal arts degree.

(Research as reported by CollegeRanker.com)

 

Economics is the highest paying liberal arts degree at both time of graduation and mid-career.

(The Top Highest Paying Liberal Arts Degree Jobs, 2019 College Ranker)

 

Economics majors are among the most likely majors to make the corner office, and they’re 250% more likely to become an S&P 500 CEO than business majors.

(Economics: The Most Employable Liberal Art, Bentley College research)

 

Economics ranks 13th among 44 majors in the number of bachelor degrees awarded in 2018.

(The Most Popular College Major, Niche, 2019)

 

Economics is the science of purposeful human action. It is the only liberal arts subject that interweaves the concepts of scarcity, subjective value, self-interest, proper incentives, and interdependence. As such, it allows for real and meaningful analysis and discussion about those human actions that result in God pleasing decisions.

(Anne Bradley, Be Fruitful and Multiply)

What Students Are Saying
I have had the pleasure of having Professor Mangum in at least one class every year and I have learned so much from him. He is a passionate and inspiring economics professor with a firm grasp on the subject and plenty of personal anecdotes from his career. Professor Mangum has pushed me with kindness to be the best I can be.

Joshua Fry '19

Read more about Dr. Mangum in his profile article Value Expert

IACBE Accreditation

As you research Business Schools, you may notice that some business programs are accredited by organizations with long acronyms such as AACSB, IACBE, and ACBSP. What is accreditation and why does it matter? Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. The Concordia School of Business and Economics chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with IACBE to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

LEARN MORE
Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s School of Business and Economics are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Opportunity to Learn to Think Critically

Devin Grimalda '15

Through athletics, economics, and a culture of nurturing, Devin reflects on his opportunity to learn how to think critically and problem solve as an Economics major at Concordia University Irvine.

READ STORY
Where Our Alumni Are Working

The value of an education is demonstrated by the success our graduates enjoy