 accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. The Concordia School of Business and Economics chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with IACBE to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

LEARN MORE
Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s School of Business and Economics are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Opportunity to Learn to Think Critically

Devin Grimalda '15

Through athletics, economics, and a culture of nurturing, Devin reflects on his opportunity to learn how to think critically and problem solve as an Economics major at Concordia University Irvine.

READ STORY
Where Our Alumni Are Working

The value of an education is demonstrated by the success our graduates enjoy upon completion of their degree. Concordia University Irvine grads are respected in the many industries in which they find skillful work. Here are just a few of the places our alumni have recently been employed.

ABB
Boeing
City of Fresno
Consumer Portfolio Services
Deloitte
Durr
FBF Loans
LA Angels
Mercatus Center at George Mason University
MGM Resorts International
National Sports Apparel
Profit Recovery Partners, LLC
Santa Barbara Asset Management
SCI Lighting Solutions
Sparrow Associates
USMC
Opportunities for Economics Majors
Career Opportunities

As an Economics major, you will explore tools like econometrics and clustering techniques. The skills you learn are useful for some of the fastest-growing job markets, such as data science, analytics, and marketing.

Economists enjoy a work environment that provides stable, long-term careers. 22% of economists work for the government, with a projected 6% job increase cross-industry by 2026 and an average salary over $100,000 a year.*
*CollegeGrad

Common career paths for graduates include:

Finance
Consultancy
Economics - micro, macro, and global
Accounting
Investments
Managing stocks
Policy Analyst
Financial planning
Legal monetary advisor
Academic Opportunities

As an Economics major, you can augment your studies with a related minor, another major (dual major), or a pre-professional program.

Accounting Minor
Business Minor
Economics Minor
Marketing Minor
Sports Business Minor
Business Administration Major
Actuarial Science Program
Pre-Business Program
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
School of Business and Economics
Extracurricular Activities

The School of Business and Economics offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Many of our Economics majors also participate in our nationally-ranked Forensics team – applying the critical thinking skills they learn in the classroom to argumentation and debate in competition.

Business Insights Series
Center for Global Business
Center for Civics Education
Delta Sigma Pi Business Fraternity
Enactus
International Business Club
Sports Management Club
Curriculum

Concordia’s Bachelor of Arts in Economics will help you utilize your interdisciplinary education as tools in the analysis of today's very complex life issues. Our Career Services Office, School of Business and Economics, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice these skills outside the classroom.

This flowchart shows the required economics major courses you will need to take to earn your Bachelor of Arts in Economics. If you have any questions, please contact your Academic Advisor.

ECONOMICS SAMPLE COURSES
12 Units
BDA 337: Introduction to Business Data Analytics
3

This is an introductory course teaching applied job skills in close connection to the concepts and theories that drive the daily decisions relevant to data analysis and business intelligence. Each module focuses on a primary theme with real world cases where students will start by grappling with business problems and the underlying data to methodically drill down and solve problems from a technical approach. A few of these topics include, applications of statistics, data visualization tools in Excel, linear regression, time‐series, classification algorithms, and bias in data.

ECO 201: Macroeconomics
3

This is a survey course of the scope and methods of the study of the principles of macroeconomics. Topics will include decision-making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the determination of prices, the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems, international trade and foreign exchange, financial markets, the role and objectives of government in economic policy.


ECO 202: Microeconomics
3

This is a course covering principles of microeconomics. Topics will include decision‐making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the