heme with real world cases where students will start by grappling with business problems and the underlying data to methodically drill down and solve problems from a technical approach. A few of these topics include, applications of statistics, data visualization tools in Excel, linear regression, time‐series, classification algorithms, and bias in data.

ECO 201: Macroeconomics
3

This is a survey course of the scope and methods of the study of the principles of macroeconomics. Topics will include decision-making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the determination of prices, the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems, international trade and foreign exchange, financial markets, the role and objectives of government in economic policy.


ECO 202: Microeconomics
3

This is a course covering principles of microeconomics. Topics will include decision‐making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the determination of prices, international trade, elements of industrial organization and varying degrees of competition, and the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems.

ECO 340: Morality, Social Policy, and Economics
3

This course will begin with a review of classical economic concepts and methods, and a review of the basic tenets of morality. The course will then turn to topics where “moral” social choice is often discussed, such as alleviating human misery, government assistance, pollution, crime, and poverty. The course will conclude by evaluating the methods and government programs that economics suggests can influence moral choice, and the obstacles inherent in the implementation and delivery of such programs. Recommended Prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

FIN 331: Finance
3

This is an introductory course to the principles and practices of managerial finance, sources and methods of raising capital, cash flow analysis, financial statement analysis, financial markets, and stockholder equity concerns. Additional concepts will include decision making with risk and use of operation and financial leverage. Prerequisites: General education math requirements and ACT 211.

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the School of Business and Economics are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with best business practices, real-world experience, as well as a Christian moral, ethical, and value perspective of leadership.

Andy Grimalda
Professor of Business

Professor Grimalda brings a wealth of experience as a senior manager and entrepreneur. As a Chief Financial Officer for 13 years, he was responsible for the management of the financial, accounting, human resources, and management information system departments. Professor Grimalda is a retired Colonel from the U.S. Army and earned his Masters in Management Sciences from the Sloan School of Management, M.I.T.

Kit Nagel
Professor of Business

Professor Nagel is known for his international business background, including a position as Marketing Manager-Asia for a Fortune 100 company. He has traveled and worked in diverse economic systems throughout more than 50 countries and believes success requires a broad cross-disciplinary perspective. Most recently, he was asked by the pharmaceutical company Bayer to work in Berlin and help realign its global supply chain.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

ECONOMICS FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Resources

Learn more about Concordia's School of Business and Economics from the student handbook.

STUDENT HANDBOOK

Get in Touch

For more information about any of the many rewarding programs in the Economics major or Business Economics emphases at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Karl Hoenecke
Assistant Dean, School of Business and Economics
karl.hoenecke@cui.edu
(949) 214-3368

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
Univ