ill join a growing community of educators, counselors, and administrators in the global push for student support systems that reach the whole child and promote long-term change. Join a cohort of future-focused, ambitious leaders who embrace the tenets of servant leadership and treat students with respect while pushing them to reach their full potential.

LEARN MORE

Accelerated Path to a 2nd MAED Degree: Curriculum & Instruction + Learning, Design, & Technology

Graduates who previously earned an MAED in Curriculum & Instruction or Learning, Design, & Technology since May 2012 can now earn a second masters degree by completing 15 elective units in as little as 10 months.

LEARN MORE

Administrative Services Credential

The Preliminary Administrative Services Credential (PASC) program at Concordia University Irvine offers an expedited route to secure an administrative credential apart from a master’s degree.

Students who complete the required coursework for the PASC and do not already hold a master's degree are eligible to apply for the MAED: Education Administration program, which requires only two additional courses.

LEARN MORE

Offering flexibility with Online Model
Online Instruction

This delivery system was designed to meet the needs of students who prefer the flexibility provided by an online program.

Ability to interact with content, your instructor, and with other students.
No required face-to-face sessions within the course.
Both synchronous and asynchronous lessons. Credential courses provide synchronous sessions weeks 1, 3, 5, and 7 from 6:00-7:30pm, and non-credential courses are asynchronous throughout the program.
Both formal and informal learning communities.
What Teachers are Saying
CUI’s Master’s program was an outstanding fit for my professional life. The flexible schedule and knowledgeable instructors made the experience worthwhile as a means for administrative preparation. I would highly recommend the program to educational leaders interested in pursuing a leadership role on their campus.

Matthew J. Bean, Educational Administration

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
School of Education

Concordia’s School of Education offers four different teaching credentials, seven distinctive Master of Arts in Education (MAEd) graduate degrees, and a Doctorate of Education (EdD) in Educational Leadership. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. Concordia University Irvine’s School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their career.

LEARN MORE

Get Started
Info Nights

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

RSVP TODAY

Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

REQUEST INFO

Apply

Are you ready to get started? Select the Administrative Credential program, and you will be on your way to the online application.

APPLY NOW

Request Information
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

