https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/maed
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Arts in Education (MAED)
Master's Degrees
Administrative Services Credential
Events
Contact 
Apply Now
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATION PROGRAMS
School of Education
GET STARTED 
Mia Y., M.A. ’22
Master of Arts in Education Degree Programs

Online formats * 8 week courses

Our graduate education degree programs are practical, accessible and relevant to the classroom. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members who are committed to guiding students who will make a positive impact on their professions. Concordia’s School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community, with a vast network of thousands of graduates today leading in schools.

Request Information
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
ZIP Code
Program of Interest 
- Select a Program
MA in Curriculum & Instruction
MA in Educational Administration
MA in Educational Leadership: Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics
MA in Learning, Design, and Technology
MA in School Counseling
MA in School Psychology
Administrative Services Credential
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Programs Offered
Master of Arts in Education: Curriculum & Instruction

This Master’s program is directed toward the preparation of master classroom teachers. The program provides the opportunity for teachers to continue developing professionally through relevant coursework leading to immediate classroom implications. Coursework is designed to advance educators in pedagogical practice, curriculum development, and leadership skills.

LEARN MORE

Master of Arts in Education: Educational Administration

This Master’s degree assists administrators and equips teachers for exemplary administrative responsibility. This program is designed to help the student achieve skills to effectively lead in elementary and secondary schools and meets the requirements for a California state Preliminary Administrative Services Credential.

LEARN MORE

Master of Arts in Education: Learning, Design, and Technology

This Master’s degree program will prepare credentialed educators to lead in the use of technology in innovative teaching and learning environments. Coursework is designed to develop an understanding of the dynamic relationship between technology, pedagogy, and content in order to creatively apply a variety of technologies to support and assess the attainment of learning outcomes for all students.

LEARN MORE

Master of Arts in Education: School Counseling

The Master’s degree program in school counseling prepares students to serve as school counselors in public and private schools in grades K-12 and meets the requirements for the pupil personnel services credential authorizing service as a school counselor in the state of California.

LEARN MORE

Master of Arts in Education: School Psychology

With a Master of Arts in Education in School Psychology, you’ll be equipped with the skills you need for a rewarding career in the high-demand field of school psychology. Designed for education professionals looking to support the mental health of K-12 students, this cohort-based program prepares you to conduct psychoeducational assessments and behavioral interventions. As a servant leader, you’ll devote your time and talents to the well-being and mental health of students while also collaborating with teachers, families, and school administrators.

LEARN MORE

Master of Arts in Educational Leadership: Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics

This graduate program is designed to equip today’s educators with the leadership skills to guide their schools and students into the future. With a focus on servant leadership and social emotional learning, character, and ethics, educators will join a growing community of educators, counselors, and administrators in the global push for student support systems that reach the whole child and promote long-term change. Join a cohort of future-focused, ambitious leaders who embrace the tenets of servant leadership and treat students with respect while pushing them to reach their full potential.

LEARN MORE

Accelerated Path to a 2nd MAED Degree: Curriculum & Instruction + Learning, Design, & Technology

Graduates who previously earned an MAED in Curriculum & Instruction or Learning, Design, & Technology since May 2012 can now earn a second masters degree by completing 15 elective units in as little as 10 months.

LEARN MORE

Administrative Services Credential

The Preliminary Administrative Services Credential (PASC) program at Concordia University Irvine offers an expedited route to secure an administrative credential apart from a master’s degree.

Students who complete the required coursework for the PASC and do not already hold a master's degree are eligible to apply for the MAED: Education Administration program, which requires only two additional courses.

LEARN MORE

Offering flexibility with Online Model
Online Instruction

This delivery system was designed to meet the needs of students who prefer the flexibility provided by an online program.

Ability to interact with content, your instructor, and with other students.
No required face-to-face sessions within the course.
Both synchronous and asynchronous lessons. Credential courses provide synchronous sessions weeks 1, 3, 5, and 7 from 6:00-7:30pm, and non-credential courses are asynchronous throughout the program.
Both formal and informal learning communities.
What Teachers are Saying
CUI’s Master’s program was an outstanding fit for my professional life. The flexible schedule and knowledgeable instructors made the experience worthwhile as a means for administrative preparation. I would highly recommend the program to educational leaders interested in pursuing a leadership role on their campus.

Matthew J. Bean, Educational Administration

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
School of Education

Concordia’s School of Education offers four different teaching credentials, seven distinctive Master of Arts in Education (MAEd) graduate degrees, and a Doctorate of Education (EdD) in Educational Leadership. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. Concordia University Irvine’s School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their career.

LEARN MORE

Get Started
Info Nights

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

RSVP TODAY

Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

REQUEST INFO

Apply

Are you ready to get started? Select the Administrative Credential program, and you will be on your way to the online application.

APPLY NOW

Request Information
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

