dth of experience will serve him well as he will be teaching in the M.A. Education and teacher credential programs. Charlie and his wife Melissa – also an educator – are raising two active boys (ages 6 and 2) and attend Bethany Lutheran Church in Long Beach. They enjoy spending time with extended family, reading, and traveling.

Schlichtemeier, Kent
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
kent.schlichtemeier@cui.edu
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, University of California, Los Angeles
M.A., Denver University
B.A., Concordia Teachers College, Seward, NE
Biography

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier is a teacher. He started his teaching career in 1978 teaching 6th-8th grades in Oxnard, CA. After completing his Master’s degree at Denver University in 1984, he continued his teaching career at the high school level in Orlando, FL. Dr. Schlichtemeier served in the School of Education at Concordia University, Irvine from 1988-2003 where he mentored future teachers. In addition to teaching at Concordia, Dr. Schlichtemeier was the women’s basketball coach until retiring in 1993 to pursue his doctorate degree. During the final two seasons of his tenure as coach, the Lady Eagle Basketball team made two consecutive appearances at the NAIA National Basketball Tournament after winning the Golden State Athletic Conference Championships. Dr. Schlichtemeier was voted the District Three NAIA Coach of the Year in 1992 and 1993 and was voted into the Concordia Athletic Hall of Fame in 2006. Dr. Schlichtemeier has served as a teacher and assistant principal at Orange Lutheran High School from 2003-2007, before returning to teach at Concordia University. He enjoys frequent opportunities to speak at sports banquets, school graduations, athletic camps, teacher conferences, and leadership retreats.

Areas of Expertise
Instructional Leadership
Curriculum and Instruction
Assessment
Organizational Culture
School Climate
Instructional Leadership
Action Research
Schulteis, Michael
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Credential Programs | Director of M.Ed. | Professor of Science Education
michael.schulteis@cui.edu
Professor of Science Education | Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Credential Programs | Director of M.Ed. | Professor of Science Education

Dr. Michael Schulteis has been a full-time faculty member in the School of Education since 2003 specializing in science and math education, teaching instructional methods, classroom management and research methods courses, and supervising graduate research projects. His educational research has focused on evolution education in parochial schools.

Dr. Schulteis is currently a mentor for the American Meteorological Society Datastreme program. He also conducts seminars and makes presentations to educators across the United States and from Korea, Japan, China, South Africa, and Australia on such topics as instructional methods and evolution education. Prior to arriving at Concordia University, Dr. Schulteis taught multiple subjects at the junior high and senior high school levels.

Education
ScEdD, Doctor of Science Education, Curtin University of Technology, Perth, Western Australia
M.A., Curriculum and Instruction, Concordia University Irvine
B.A., Biology, Concordia University Irvine
Areas of Expertise
Curriculum
Instructional Strategies
Common Core Standards
School Climate
Assessment of Programs and Student Learning
Statistics
Qualitative Methods
Science Education
Quantitative Methods
Action Research
Lutheran Education
International Teaching
Seng, MaryAnn
Full Time Faculty, PPS Programs
maryann.seng@cui.edu
Full Time Faculty, PPS Programs
Degrees Earned
PHD in Education (School Psychology emphasis) from Chapman University - 2020
M.A. in School Counseling and M.A. in School Psychology from Chapman University - 1999
B.A. in Psychology from Biola University - 1996
Biography

Dr. MaryAnn Seng is a professor of education in the area of school counseling. Prior to her arrival at Concordia University, Seng was a counselor briefly and a school psychologist for 20 years in the Long Beach Unified School District. Her roles in the district included being a bilingual consultant (for the Khmer language), crisis team member, and the coordinator of the school psychology internship program. She also served as a faculty coordinator/counselor at Webster University's Irvine campus. Her knowledge of the Khmer language/culture allowed her to be a community member advisor to the Long Beach Police Department and the Department of Mental Health's Asian Unit for several years. She is currently a board member of the Pediatric Arthritis and Lupus Foundation. Her current research interest involves the educational needs of children with medical conditions.

Stuewe, Yvette
Assistant Professor of Education
yvette.stuewe@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Education

Assistant Professor Yvette Stuewe teaches courses in the MA and Teacher Credential programs. Professor Stuewe has s