: Curriculum Design and Assessment (EDU/EDUT 520), Coping with Stress and Violence in Today's Classrooms (EDU 524), and Educational Discourse: Change and Reform (EDU 550). My role as Program Director for Curriculum & Instruction provides opportunities to work with other instructors and stay current with all the courses offered. I'm currently working on a PhD in Psychology with an emphasis in Cognition and Instruction from Grand Canyon University. I have a true love for the online classroom and truly look forward to the start of each new term.

Flores, Alyssa
Administrative Assistant to the Dean/HR Specialist
alyssa.flores@cui.edu
Administrative Assistant to the Dean/HR Specialist
Gomes, Robin
Assistant Professor, School of Education
robin.gomes@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Education
Biography

Robin Gomes has been serving in Lutheran education for over 20 years. Before serving at Concordia University, Robin worked as a teacher, assistant principal, and principal in Lutheran elementary schools in Nevada and California. Throughout that time, Robin led in the areas of teacher recruitment and retention, curriculum and assessment, and school consultancy in the Pacific Southwest District.

Robin is married to Domingo, a middle school teacher who she met as a student at Concordia University. They have two college-age children. Their pastimes include musical theater, going to Disneyland, enjoying the beach, and baseball.

Education
M.A.Ed, Curriculum and Instruction, Concordia University- Irvine, 2007
California Multiple Subject Clear Teaching Credential, 2000
B.A., Behavioral Science: Anthropology, Concordia University- Irvine, 1999
Mercier, Sandra
Director, MAED Learning, Design, and Technology & Curriculum & Instruction
sandra.mercier@cui.edu
Director, MAED Learning, Design, and Technology & Curriculum & Instruction
Biography

Professor Sandy Mercier has been a full-time faculty member in the School of Education since 2014. Sandy attended Concordia University, Irvine both as an undergraduate and graduate student. She currently teaches MAED online courses for both the Curriculum & Instruction and Learning, Design, and Technology programs. She is also the Director of CUI's Learning, Design, and Technology program. Prior to moving into higher education, she taught various grade levels including Kindergarten, 6th, 7th-8th Literature, and K-8 Computers. Sandra's passion is sharing her love of teaching, implementing fun technology, and creating engaging lessons with her MAED students. Sandy and her husband, Nathan, have been blessed with three children. Their family is very involved with St. John’s Lutheran Church and School in Orange, CA.

Education
Master of Arts in Education – Awarded May 2006, CUI - Major: Curriculum and Instruction; Concentration: K-12 Instruction
Bachelor of Arts in Education – Awarded May 1999, CUI - Major: Liberal Studies; Concentration: Child Development; Christ College Certificate
California Clear Multiple Subject Credential – Awarded August 2003, CUI - Supplementary Authorization: English/Literature
Areas of Expertise
Educational Technology
Innovative, Technology-based Tools
Enhancement Strategies for K-12 Curriculum
Brain-Based Teaching and Learning
Curriculum Design and Assessment
Coping with Stress and Violence
Social and Emotional Learning/Mental Health Support
Child, Family, and Community
Rodrigues, Charlie
Coordinator, MOUs & Faculty Onboarding
charlie.rodrigues@cui.edu
Coordinator, MOUs & Faculty Onboarding
Biography

Prior to his full time faculty appointment, Charlie Rodrigues most recently served Concordia University Irvine as Assistant Registrar in addition to his adjunct faculty role in the M.A. Education program. His doctoral research is investigating the effectiveness of the onboarding process for incoming full and part time university faculty. As a proud alum of Concordia for both undergraduate and graduate degrees, he also spent 10 years as an educator in public and Lutheran schools. His breadth of experience will serve him well as he will be teaching in the M.A. Education and teacher credential programs. Charlie and his wife Melissa – also an educator – are raising two active boys (ages 6 and 2) and attend Bethany Lutheran Church in Long Beach. They enjoy spending time with extended family, reading, and traveling.

Schlichtemeier, Kent
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
kent.schlichtemeier@cui.edu
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, University of California, Los Angeles
M.A., Denver University
B.A., Concordia Teachers College, Seward, NE
Biography

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier is a teacher. He started his teaching career in 1978 teaching 6th-8th grades in Oxnard, CA. After completing his Master’s degree at Denver University in 1984, he continued his teaching career at the high school level in Orlando, FL. Dr. Schlichtemeier served in the School of Education at Concordia University, Irvine from 1988-2003 where he mentored fut