so that they will be empowered and equipped to integrate values education into their school setting. Students will be able to apply principles demonstrated by historical leaders and current research in character learning and generalize the information into situations from their personal and professional life.


The MAED in Learning, Design, and Technology will help students develop an understanding of the dynamic relationship between technology, pedagogy, and content to creatively apply a variety of technologies to support and assess the attainment of learning outcomes for all students.

Students earning this degree are required to take the following five additional courses:

LEARNING, DESIGN, AND TECHNOLOGY
EDUT 501: Essentials in Technology Integration With Google
3

In a world where shifting to various forms of online learning is a reality for all teachers, classroom technology integration is more essential than ever. This course will introduce a model for the integration of technology, teacher pedagogy, and classroom content in order to focus technology use in an authentic and meaningful way. Given the widespread nature of Google tools in school culture, integration strategies will be introduced through a lens of preparation for completion of Google Educator Level 1 Certification.

EDUT 521: Designing Learning Environments for Equity and Accessibility
3

Meeting and exceeding the needs of all learners is central to the role of a powerful educator. This course will examine best practices for designing learning environments that expand access, differentiate instruction, and provide interventions for diverse or underrepresented learners. As part of the course, students will explore topics such as differentiated instruction in live/online settings, Universal Design for Learning, adaptive technology as a subset of educational technology, and a Cognitive Theory of Multimedia Learning.

EDUT 522: Emerging Trends in Educational Technology
3

Emerging Trends in Educational Technology explores the current and potential future impacts of emerging and rapidly evolving technologies on learning and pedagogy. This course will challenge students to evaluate emerging technologies, design projects around those technologies to apply in classroom experiences, and stay informed about future trends and innovations. Students will also gain insights on how to lead change within their instructional environment, and the challenges of system change in relation to emerging technologies.

EDUT 523: Human-Centered Design for Online Learning
3

Designing online learning environments is an essential skill for today's teacher. This course will present a structured model for generating solutions to the pedagogical challenges that educators face when creating online learning experiences for students. Special attention will be given to strategies for fostering empathy, inquiry, and community with students in the online setting. Additionally, students will explore various learning theories to better understand how educational psychology can empower the human-centered design process.

EDUT 570: Reflective Practice
3

Powerful learning and instruction emerge not only from sound, authentic pedagogical design, but from intentional reflection and analysis of one’s own teaching practice. This course will provide strategies and examples for integrating the art of critical reflection into the teaching vocation. As part of this course, teachers will investigate the intersection of technology, pedagogy, and content in their own practice, and explore methods for sharing their work with colleagues within and beyond their teaching community.

Tuition & Financial Aid

Please refer to tuition and cost details for the Curriculum & Instruction and Learning, Design, and Technology programs. Due to financial aid constraints, please note that students may not be enrolled in two programs simultaneously.

LEARN MORE ABOUT FINANCIAL AID
School of Education

Concordia’s School of Education offers four different teaching credentials, seven distinctive Master of Arts in Education (MAEd) graduate degrees, and a Doctorate of Education (EdD) in Leadership. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. Concordia’s School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their career.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THE SCHOOL OF EDUCATION

Contact Us

Billy Maxfield
Director of Graduate Admissions and Recruiting
billy.maxfield@cui.edu
949-214-3577

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Em