https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/maed/curriculum-instruction-learning-design-technology
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Arts in Education (MAED)
MAED Programs 
Info Meetings
Apply Now
Contact 
CURRICULUM & INSTRUCTION + LEARNING, DESIGN, & TECHNOLOGY
Master of Arts in Education (MAED)
APPLY NOW
Accelerated Path to a 2nd MAED Degree

Graduates who previously earned an MAED in Curriculum & Instruction or Learning, Design, and Technology at Concordia University Irvine can now earn a second master's degree to advance their careers in positions that require the alternate degree.

Building on the 30 units that you already completed to earn your MAED, you will only need to complete 15 additional elective units to earn your second MAED. All coursework can be completed fully online in as little as 10 months. Start dates for the accelerated second MAED program operate under the same quarterly time-frames. As an added benefit, alumni applying for this program will have the application fee waived.

For more information about this special opportunity, please contact our Director of Graduate and Adult Admissions, Billy Maxfield, at (949) 214-3577 or billy.maxfield@cui.edu.

Benefits to Earning Two MAED Degrees
A potential bump in salary! Most school districts will offer an increase in your pay scale for completing a second degree.
Advance your career in positions that require expertise in Curriculum & Instruction and Learning, Design, and Technology.
Multiple degree holders are more likely for promotions and desirable for post-graduate program admission.
Benefit from a program that models Christ-like servant leadership, treating teachers and students with love, dignity, and respect.
Criteria for Admission

Students who earned a degree in either the MAED: Curriculum & Instruction or MAED: Learning, Design, and Technology program since May 2012 may apply for enrollment in the second program to complete the additional five courses needed to earn the additional degree.

Students have five years to complete each program once accepted. Any student who has not enrolled in courses for one term will be considered “Inactive.” Inactive students will be removed from the program if no progress is made toward their degree for 12 consecutive months. An inactive student wishing to return to the program must re-apply for admission.

APPLY NOW
Program Courses

The Learning, Design, and Technology and Curriculum & Instruction MAED programs share the following five required courses:

MAED: CURRICULUM & INSTRUCTION + LEARNING, DESIGN, AND TECHNOLOGY
EDEL 510: Servant Leadership
3

This course will present the value of incorporating the servant leadership model into one’s repertoire as an educational leader today. Students will identify key characteristics and strategies that will enhance their legacy as a leader who galvanizes positive changes in the lives of students, colleagues, parents, and the overall school culture.

EDU 547: Brain-Based Teaching and Learning
3

This course is designed to provide experienced teachers with the latest research in brain-based learning and instructional theory and its practical applications to the classroom. Topics will include the structures and functions of the brain, how the brain processes information, lateralization specialization, memory, retention and transfer theory, and the role of emotion in learning. The purpose of this course is to equip educators with an understanding of research-based body/brain/mind principles and how they are applied in teaching and learning.


EDR 580: Educational Research
3

This course will provide students with an introduction to educational research by exploring problems or issues in education, qualitative research methods, and analyzing research articles. Students will learn the essentials needed to carry out the research process and begin their capstone project, which will be completed in 605.


EDU 586: Educational Technology
3

This course equips teachers to be knowledgeable about educational technology and current tools available to further student engagement. Course activities are heavily influenced and directed by the standards of the International Society for Technology in Education (ISTE).


EDR 605: Capstone Project
3

During this course, students work to finalize their capstone project. Students will triangulate data using critical self-reflections, credible literature, and observations as a method to respond to an educational problem. Upon completion of the written project, students will orally present their capstone in class. Graduation Application Fee: $185. Prerequisite: EDR 580 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

The MAED in Curriculum and Instruction focuses on the improvement of school programs through the application of emerging best-practices for teaching based on current research, innovative technology integration, and cutting-edge classroom strategies.

St