https://www.cui.edu/graduation
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar

Registration & Classes 
Graduation
Academic Catalog
Student Records 
Academic Calendar
Forms 
Resources 
Contact Us
Graduation
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR
Upcoming Commencement Events

In-person Ceremony at Concordia University Irvine

Celebrating all Winter 2024 and Spring 2024 graduates: May 4, 2024

LEARN MORE ABOUT COMMENCEMENT

#CUIClassof2024 #CUIGrad
Congratulations, Class of 2024!

Contact graduation@cui.edu with your questions.

Bachelor's Degree
Master's Degree
Doctoral Degree


Previous Program


Next Program

 

Frequently Asked Questions
‌
Why do I have to apply for graduation and pay the Graduation Application Fee?

All students who wish to have their degree posted must complete an Application for Graduation. This is necessary regardless of intent to participate in the commencement ceremony. The Graduation Application Fee is non-refundable and covers the administrative time needed to process the application, run a degree audit, track the student’s progress and post the degree to the student’s transcript and postage to mail the diploma. Please visit the page for your degree level for more specific information:

Bachelor's Graduation Application
Master's Graduation Application
Doctoral Graduation Application
‌
How do I order replacement regalia?

If your regalia has been lost or damaged, please contact graduation@cui.edu to order a replacement. Regalia will take 4-6 weeks to arrive. If you pick up your regalia, there will be no additional charges. Shipping regalia costs an additional $10. Below are the prices for regalia.

Bachelor's Degree Regalia

Gown: $25
Stole: $20
Cap: $5
Tassel: $5
Everything: $55

Master's Degree Regalia

Gown: $30
Hood: $30
Cap: $5
Tassel: $5
Everything: $70

Here is the order form for replacement regalia. A member of the Office of the Registrar will contact you shortly after you submit the order form with more information.

‌
When will my degree be posted?

Degrees will not be evaluated for verification or conferral and diplomas will not be released until all financial obligations are met. Otherwise, degrees will be posted after all requirements have been satisfied. Concordia posts degrees at the completion of the regular terms. Degrees are not posted mid-term, even if a program ends mid-term. Please allow 4-6 weeks after the end of the term for the final posting of your degree and make future plans accordingly.

‌
When and how do I get my diploma?

Official diplomas are issued 6-8 weeks after the degree is posted at the end of the term provided that you have no outstanding financial obligations to the University. They are mailed to the current address on file unless special arrangements are made. Diplomas are not issued at any commencement ceremonies.

‌
How do I order another diploma?

Whether you changed your name or lost your diploma, replacement diplomas are available by completing the Diploma Reorder Form. The cost for a replacement diploma is $25 and takes 6-8 weeks to obtain.

‌
How do I order transcripts?

Click here to order transcripts online.

‌
How do I update my address?

Use this form to update your contact information.

‌
Does Concordia University Irvine have any resources to help me find a job?

Absolutely! Concordia University Irvine’s Center for Career & Vocation helps you determine and fulfill your career goals. As a graduate, our Alumni Association’s CUI Connect allows you to network with other Alumni and get instant access to job opportunities, alumni-to-student mentorship program, easy-to-search directory, and so much more!

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

