 561: Analyzing Data to Inform School Improvement and Promote Equity
3

Students will analyze multiple sources of school site/district data for the purpose of identifying equity gaps to inform an initial draft plan for equitable improvement in line with the school’s vision, mission, and goals. Within the cycle of investigate, plan, act, and reflect, students will collect and analyze multiple sources of longitudinal quantitative and qualitative data. Students will conduct an equity gap analysis to identify potential causal factors, all culminating in a problem statement, defining a specific educational need related to equity. Students will attend one best practices Saturday symposium that will present topics on critical issues in education for administrators.

EDUA 562: Facilitating Communities of Practice
3

Students will focus on facilitating collaborative professional learning within a community of practice for the purpose of improving teaching and student learning. Within the cycle of investigate, plan, act, and reflect, students will identify and work with a small group of educators to identify a problem of practice and select an approach for working together. Additionally, students will identify an evidence-based strategy to address the problem of practice that will strengthen and increase equitable learning opportunities for all students. As part of the cycle, students will reflect on how their facilitation supports the group to address the problem of practice, and how they responded to the group’s feedback on their facilitation and on their ability to support the professional learning of the community of practice. Students will attend one best practices Saturday symposium that will present topics on critical issues in education for administrators.

EDUA 563: Supporting Teacher Growth
3

Students will focus on coaching an individual teacher to strengthen teaching practices and improve student learning and/or well-being. Within the cycle of investigate, plan, act, and reflect, students will become familiar with coaching and observation practices at the school; identify a volunteer teacher whom the student will coach; and conduct a full coaching cycle, including a pre- observation meeting, a focused classroom observation to collect CSTP-related evidence of practice, and conduct a post-observation meeting. Throughout this leadership cycle, students will reflect on their own strengths and areas for professional growth as a coach and an equity minded leader. Students will attend one best practices Saturday symposium that will present topics on critical issues in education for administrators.


Preliminary Administrative Services Credential Recommendation

Once a student completes all program requirements including successfully passing the CalAPA Cycles; five (5) years of successful, full-time experience in public schools, non-public schools, or private schools as verified on the VOE; and submits an application and fee, but does not have an offer of employment, he or she will be recommended for a Certificate of Eligibility (COE) which verifies completion of all requirements for the Preliminary Administrative Services Credential and allows the holder to seek employment in an administrative position.
If the candidate has met all of the above and has an offer of employment verified by the Credential Analyst,  he or she will be recommended for the Preliminary Administrative Services Credential.

 

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

