https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/maed/educational-administration/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

MAED: Educational Administration

Program Design 
Credentials 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Meetings
Contact 
Apply Now
Curriculum
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATION: EDUCATIONAL ADMINISTRATION
Curriculum/Course Descriptions
Administrative Services Credential Requirements

Completion of 30 units of coursework for degree.

Transfer of Credits

The Preliminary Administrative Services Credential Program is a standards-based program rather than a course-based program. Because the state standards are spread throughout all courses of the Educational Administration program, transferring credits is very difficult because a candidate may have taken a course with a similar description but which lacks specific state standards. As such, transfer credits cannot be accepted into the Administration program.

CORE REQUIREMENTS
30 Units
EDEL 510: Servant Leadership
3

This course will present the value of incorporating the servant leadership model into one’s repertoire as an educational leader today. Students will identify key characteristics and strategies that will enhance their legacy as a leader who galvanizes positive changes in the lives of students, colleagues, parents, and the overall school culture.

EDUA 517: Curriculum Design and Evaluation
3

This course will provide students with an intensive study of pedagogical approaches and materials for teaching in schools, including state curriculum documents, the curricular recommendations of professional associates, recommendations that have emerged from recent educational research, and the recommendations of recent reform movements with emphasis on the study of alternative approaches to curriculum theory, design, practice, and evaluation.


OR

EDU 520: Curriculum Design and Assessment
3

This course will provide students with an intensive study of pedagogical approaches and materials for teaching including state curriculum documents, the curricular recommendations of professional associations, recommendations that have emerged from recent educational research, and the recommendations of recent reform movements. Specific emphasis will be given to the study of alternative approaches to curriculum theory, design, practice, and evaluation.


EDUA 556: Legal and Political Aspects in Education
3

This course will explore the shaping of education in America by law and the legal system as students are encouraged to become familiar with the manner in which courts operate, how they make their decisions, and the impact of their decisions on education and educational policy.


EDUA 557: Human Resources
3

This course will examine the trends, issues, scope, and practices of personnel administration in schools and address issues of personnel management strategies, theories of managing school personnel, and the evaluation protocol for classified and certificated personnel.


EDUA 558: Financial Resources
3

This course will examine the trends, issues, scope, and practices of school finance and address issues of financial management strategies, techniques for developing a projected budget and strategic plan, Local Control Funding Formula, and Local Control Accountability Plan.


FIELDWORK EXPERIENCE
EDUA 590A: Administrative Practicum (A)
0

In the Administrative Fieldwork/Practicum (EDUA 590/591), students examine administrative and supervisory behaviors in the context of the school site based upon Narrative Reflections, Signature Assignment Activities and the CalAPA Cycles. These activities are designed to give students hands-on experiences at the school site and district levels anchored in the California Administrator Performance Expectations (CAPEs). Students must complete a minimum of 50 hours of practicum experience in EDUA 590 and a minimum of 50 hours in EDUA 591, respectively. The total hours of practicum experience is 100 hours minimum. A minimum of 20 hours of experience must be at the district level and a minimum of 20 hours must be at a site different from where the practicum student works. Finally, a minimum of 20 hours must be spent working with a diverse student population. Practicum Fee: $100.


EDUA 590B: Administrative Practicum (B)
0

In the Administrative Fieldwork/Practicum (EDUA 590/591), students examine administrative and supervisory behaviors in the context of the school site based upon Narrative Reflections, Signature Assignment Activities and the CalAPA Cycles. These activities are designed to give students hands-on experiences at the school site and district levels anchored in the California Administrator Performance Expectations (CAPEs). Students must complete a minimum of 50 hours of practicum experience in EDUA 590 and a minimum of 50 hours in EDUA 591, respectively. The total hours of practicum experience is 100 hours minimum. A minimum of 20 hours of experience must be at the district level and a minimum of 20 hours must be at a site different from where the practicum student works. Finally, a minimum of 20 hours must be spent working with a diverse student population.


EDUA 590C: Administrative Practicum (C)
3

In the Administrative Fieldwork/Practicum (EDUA 590/591), students examine administrative and supervisory behaviors in the context of the school site based upon Narrative Reflections, Signature Assignment Activities and the CalAPA Cycles. These activities are designed to give students hands-on experiences at the school site and district levels anchored in the California Administrator Performance Expectations (CAPEs). Students must complete a minimum of 50 hours of practicum experience in EDUA 590 and a minimum of 50 hours in EDUA 591, respectively. The total hours of practicum experience is 100 hours minimum. A minimum of 20 hours of experience must be at the district level and a minimum of 20 hours must be at a site different from where the practicum student works. Finally, a minimum of 20 hours must be spent working with a diverse student population.


EDUA 591A: Advanced Administrative Practicum (A)
0

The second practicum (EDUA 591) is taken concurrently with the second half of the course work and builds upon the accomplishments of the first practicum. The advanced practicum is designed to continue fostering opportunities to develop and practice the California Administrator Performance Expectations (CAPEs). These practices assist in preparing candidates with the skill set necessary for effective school leadership. A minimum of 50 practicum hours must be completed in EDUA 591, adding to the 50 hours already competed in EDUA 590. Practicum Fee: $100.


EDUA 591B: Advanced Administrative Practicum (B)
0

The second practicum (EDUA 591) is taken concurrently with the second half of the course work and builds upon the accomplishments of the first practicum. The advanced practicum is designed to continue fostering opportunities to develop and practice the California Administrator Performance Expectations (CAPEs). These practices assist in preparing candidates with the skill set necessary for effective school leadership. A minimum of 50 practicum hours must be completed in EDUA 591, adding to the 50 hours already competed in EDUA 590.


EDUA 591C: Advanced Administrative Practicum (C)
3

The second practicum (EDUA 591) is taken concurrently with the second half of the course work and builds upon the accomplishments of the first practicum. The advanced practicum is designed to continue fostering opportunities to develop and practice the California Administrator Performance Expectations (CAPEs). These practices assist in preparing candidates with the skill set necessary for effective school leadership. A minimum of 50 practicum hours must be completed in EDUA 591, adding to the 50 hours already competed in EDUA 590. Graduation Application Fee: $185.


CALAPA LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
EDUA 561: Analyzing Data to Inform School Improvement and Promote Equity
3

Students will analyze multiple sources of school site/district data for the purpose of identifying equity gaps to inform an initial draft plan for equitable improvement in line with the school’s vision, mission, and goals. Within the cycle of investigate, plan, act, and reflect, students will collect and analyze multiple sources of longitudinal quantitative and qualitative data. Students will conduct an equity gap analysis to identify potential causal factors, all culminating in a problem statement, defining a specific educational need related to equity. Students will attend one best practices Saturday symposium that will present topics on critical issues in education for administrators.

EDUA 562: Facilitating Communities of Practice
3

Students will focus on facilitating collaborative professional learning within a community of practice for the purpose of improving teaching and student learning. Within the cycle of investigate, plan, act, and reflect, students will identify and work with a small group of educators to identify a problem of practice and select an approach for working together. Additionally, students will identify an evidence-based strategy to address the problem of practice that will strengthen and increase equitable learning opportunities for all students. As part of the cycle, students will reflect on how their facilitation supports the group to address the problem of practice, and how they responded to the group’s feedback on their facilitation and on their ability to support the professional learning of the community of practice. Students will attend one best practices Saturday symposium that will present topics on critical issues in education for administrators.

EDUA 563: Supporting Teacher Growth
3

Students will focus on coaching an individual teacher to strengthen teaching practices and improve student learning and/or well-being. Within the cycle of investigate, plan, act, and reflect, students will become familiar with coaching and observation practices at the school; identify a volunteer teacher whom the student will coach; and conduct a full coaching cycle, including a pre- observation meeting, a focused classroom observation to collect CSTP-related evidence of practice, and conduct a post-observation meeting. Throughout this leadership cycle, students will reflect on their own strengths and areas for professional growth as a coach and an equity minded leader. Students will attend one best practices Saturday symposium that will present topics on critical issues in education for administrators.


Preliminary Administrative Services Credential Recommendation

Once a student completes all program requirements including successfully passing the CalAPA Cycles; five (5) years of successful, full-time experience in public schools, non-public schools, or private schools as verified on the VOE; and submits an application and fee, but does not have an offer of employment, he or she will be recommended for a Certificate of Eligibility (COE) which verifies completion of all requirements for the Preliminary Administrative Services Credential and allows the holder to seek employment in an administrative position.
If the candidate has met all of the above and has an offer of employment verified by the Credential Analyst,  he or she will be recommended for the Preliminary Administrative Services Credential.

 

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

