https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/maed/educational-administration/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

MAED: Educational Administration

Program Design 
Credentials 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Meetings
Contact 
Apply Now
Curriculum
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATION: EDUCATIONAL ADMINISTRATION
Curriculum/Course Descriptions
Administrative Services Credential Requirements

Completion of 30 units of coursework for degree.

Transfer of Credits

The Preliminary Administrative Services Credential Program is a standards-based program rather than a course-based program. Because the state standards are spread throughout all courses of the Educational Administration program, transferring credits is very difficult because a candidate may have taken a course with a similar description but which lacks specific state standards. As such, transfer credits cannot be accepted into the Administration program.

CORE REQUIREMENTS
30 Units
EDEL 510: Servant Leadership
3

This course will present the value of incorporating the servant leadership model into one’s repertoire as an educational leader today. Students will identify key characteristics and strategies that will enhance their legacy as a leader who galvanizes positive changes in the lives of students, colleagues, parents, and the overall school culture.

EDUA 517: Curriculum Design and Evaluation
3

This course will provide students with an intensive study of pedagogical approaches and materials for teaching in schools, including state curriculum documents, the curricular recommendations of professional associates, recommendations that have emerged from recent educational research, and the recommendations of recent reform movements with emphasis on the study of alternative approaches to curriculum theory, design, practice, and evaluation.


OR

EDU 520: Curriculum Design and Assessment
3

This course will provide students with an intensive study of pedagogical approaches and materials for teaching including state curriculum documents, the curricular recommendations of professional associations, recommendations that have emerged from recent educational research, and the recommendations of recent reform movements. Specific emphasis will be given to the study of alternative approaches to curriculum theory, design, practice, and evaluation.


EDUA 556: Legal and Political Aspects in Education
3

This course will explore the shaping of education in America by law and the legal system as students are encouraged to become familiar with the manner in which courts operate, how they make their decisions, and the impact of their decisions on education and educational policy.


EDUA 557: Human Resources
3

This course will examine the trends, issues, scope, and practices of personnel administration in schools and address issues of personnel management strategies, theories of managing school personnel, and the evaluation protocol for classified and certificated personnel.


EDUA 558: Financial Resources
3

This course will examine the trends, issues, scope, and practices of school finance and address issues of financial management strategies, techniques for developing a projected budget and strategic plan, Local Control Funding Formula, and Local Control Accountability Plan.


FIELDWORK EXPERIENCE
EDUA 590A: Administrative Practicum (A)
0

In the Administrative Fieldwork/Practicum (EDUA 590/591), students examine administrative and supervisory behaviors in the context of the school site based upon Narrative Reflections, Signature Assignment Activities and the CalAPA Cycles. These activities are designed to give students hands-on experiences at the school site and district levels anchored in the California Administrator Performance Expectations (CAPEs). Students must complete a minimum of 50 hours of practicum experience in EDUA 590 and a minimum of 50 hours in EDUA 591, respectively. The total hours of practicum experience is 100 hours minimum. A minimum of 20 hours of experience must be at the district level and a minimum of 20 hours must be at a site different from where the practicum student works. Finally, a minimum of 20 hours must be spent working with a diverse student population. Practicum Fee: $100.


EDUA 590B: Administrative Practicum (B)
0

In the Administrative Fieldwork/Practicum (EDUA 590/591), students examine administrative and supervisory behaviors in the context of the school site based upon Narrative Reflections, Signature Assignment Activities and the CalAPA Cycles. These activities are designed to give students hands-on experiences at the school site and district levels anchored in the California Administrator Performance Expectations (CAPEs). Students must complete a minimum of 50 hours of practicum experience in EDUA 590 and a minimum of 50 hours in EDUA 591, respectively. The total hours of practicum experience is 100 hours minimum. A minimum of 20 hours