https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/Education/Index/id/17177
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now

Undergraduate Education Program

Education Programs 
Prospective Students 
Current Students
Handbook
Contact Us
ELEMENTARY EDUCATION TEACHERS
Undergraduate Education Programs
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Earn Your Multiple Subject Credential

In California, a person studying to be an elementary school teacher will work toward obtaining a Multiple Subject Credential. This credential allows you to teach the variety of subjects offered at elementary schools.

Credential coursework can be done as part of your undergraduate degree, meaning you can finish your bachelor’s degree and credential at the same time. Some universities have this as a “blended” program. We think it is just good sense. It will take 4-5 years depending on the pace you set for becoming a teacher.

Concordia's Liberal Studies major is part of California's Elementary Subject Matter Preparation (ESM) program. Therefore, Concordia students in this major who pursue the Multiple Subject credential will not be required to take the California Subject Examination Test (CSET).

If you want to teach in a Lutheran school you can obtain your Lutheran Teacher Certificate through Concordia. This can be done with your undergraduate major and credential coursework.

Admission Requirements

Admission to the Teacher Education program comes in two parts. You must first be accepted as a student through the University Admissions application process. A separate application for the School of Education will be done once you have started the introductory education classes.

The State of California requires that all candidates for teacher credentials fulfill the Basic Skills requirements and Subject Matter Competency requirements. This may include passing state-approved tests before certification no matter which school you attend.

Student Teaching and Placements for Elementary Candidates.

For transfer students to Concordia, read more here.

What Students Are Saying
I chose Concordia’s teacher education program because I wanted to be able to integrate my faith and career choice. Concordia has allowed me to grow in both aspects of my life.

Sara Gonzales

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Teaching Credential Curriculum

The curriculum for the California Multiple Subject Credential is listed below. This coursework is approved by the State of California for obtaining a California State Multiple Subject Teaching Credential.

Included in your coursework is one full semester of Student Teaching.

TEACHING CREDENTIAL COURSES
EDUC 200: The Teacher and Technology
1

Students are introduced to five educational technology themes represented in the California Teaching Performance Expectations. Knowledge, skills and resources introduced in this course are applied throughout the Teacher Credential Program courses and will ultimately prepare candidates in their professional practice to facilitate learning as best enabled and supported by technology. Recommended concurrent enrollment with EDUC 204/EDSP 204. Prerequisites: Certificate of clearance; for undergraduates, must be taken before 400-level courses.

EDUC 101: Introduction to Teaching Careers I
1

This introductory course to the field of education and the professional career of the teacher will include the following topics: characteristics of today's learners and of effective teachers and schools; California teacher credentialing procedures; and the university's teacher education program. Fifteen (15) hours of community service in a school or other educational organization serving children are required. Students must arrange their own transportation to the school or educational organization.


EDUC 204: Introduction to Teaching Diverse Populations
2

This course will present the historical and philosophical foundations of teaching in California schools through the broad examination of the California Teaching Performance Expectations (TPEs). Through course activities students will develop awareness of the TPEs. Students are required to participate in 20 hours of fieldwork observation. Through these observations students will recognize the range of service delivery options for diverse populations of pupils. All fieldwork assignments are university assigned. Students are required to complete the observations during k-12 public school hours. Students must arrange their own transportation to the school site. Minimum grade of B- is required for those students applying to the School of Education. Prerequisites: Certificate of clearance; current TB (tuberculosis) test.


EDUC 301: Typical and Atypical Development of Diverse Learners
3

This course will present the major concepts, principles, theories, research, and applications related to the typical and atypical cognitive, socia