nd philosophical foundations of teaching in California schools through the broad examination of the California Teaching Performance Expectations (TPEs). Through course activities students will develop awareness of the TPEs. Students are required to participate in 20 hours of fieldwork observation. Through these observations students will recognize the range of service delivery options for diverse populations of pupils. All fieldwork assignments are university assigned. Students are required to complete the observations during k-12 public school hours. Students must arrange their own transportation to the school site. Minimum grade of B- is required for those students applying to the School of Education. Prerequisites: Certificate of clearance; current TB (tuberculosis) test.


EDUC 301: Typical and Atypical Development of Diverse Learners
3

This course will present the major concepts, principles, theories, research, and applications related to the typical and atypical cognitive, social, emotional, physical, and moral development of children and adolescent pupils in inclusive classrooms. Students will learn the major concepts, principles, and research associated with human learning, achievement, motivation, conduct, and attitude as they examine the characteristics of exceptional persons with mild to moderate disabilities.


EDUC 401: Planning and Assessment for Inclusive Classrooms
3

Students will learn a variety of approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and assessing instruction in inclusive classrooms as they examine both formal and informal pupil assessment, including curriculum-based assessment in this course. Students will also learn and apply principles and strategies of differentiated instruction to assessment and instructional planning for diverse pupils. Corequisite: EDUC 451. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program.


EDUC 402: Creating Positive and Inclusive Learning Environments
3

This course will examine strategies for the inclusive classroom and the development of individual behavior management plans through an examination of the Individual Educational Program/ Individualized Family Service Plan (IEP/IFSP) processes, legal requirements, and responsibilities, along with the effects of pupil health and safety on learning. Students will learn skills for communicating, collaborating, and working with families, and supporting professionals and school personnel. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; EDUC 401 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


EDUC 451: Language and Culture
3

This course will address the impact of cultural, socio-economic status, religion, and gender on the education of elementary and secondary pupils as students examine theories of first and second language acquisition along with effective strategies for teaching English learners. Students will apply these strategies to course activities and assignments. Corequisite: EDUC 401. Prerequisite: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program.


EDUC 422: Math and Science Methods: Elementary
2

Students will learn approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and assessing instruction in science and mathematics as they draw upon social, cultural, and historical foundations and learning theories as they plan instruction in this course. Corequisite: EDUC 423. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 423: Integrated Curriculum Methods: Elementary
2

Students will learn approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and assessing instruction in history, arts, and physical education as they draw upon social, cultural, and historical foundations, and learning theories in this course. Corequisite: EDUC 422. Prerequisites: Admission to the teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 460: Literacy Instruction in Diverse Classrooms
4

This course will focus on preparing students to teach reading and language arts in diverse classrooms, following the guidelines set forth by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CCTC), the California Common Core State Standards, and the Reading Instruction Competence Assessment (RICA) Content Specifications. Corequisite: EDUC 480. Prerequisites: Admission to the teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 422 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 423 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 480: Teacher Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum: Field Experience
1

Teaching Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum is a seminar course with 40 hours of field experience. Through field work, reflective practice and