rs) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 460: Literacy Instruction in Diverse Classrooms
4

This course will focus on preparing students to teach reading and language arts in diverse classrooms, following the guidelines set forth by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CCTC), the California Common Core State Standards, and the Reading Instruction Competence Assessment (RICA) Content Specifications. Corequisite: EDUC 480. Prerequisites: Admission to the teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 422 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 423 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 480: Teacher Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum: Field Experience
1

Teaching Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum is a seminar course with 40 hours of field experience. Through field work, reflective practice and weekly seminars, candidates develop an understanding of the California TPA. Candidates will develop a deeper understanding of the "Plan, Teach & Assess, Reflect, Apply" teaching cycle and how to meet the needs of diverse learners. The field experience hours provide an opportunity to develop teaching skills in a classroom setting. This course is comprised of several components: weekly seminars, field experience, and self-evaluation of the California Teaching Performance Expectations. Students must arrange their own transportation to the university assigned school site. Minimum grade of B- required. TPA Program and Field Experience Fee: $275. Corequisite: EDUC 460. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; current certificate of clearance; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; current TB (tuberculosis) test; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 and EDUC 422 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 423 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 482: Student Teaching: Elementary
12

Student teaching is a full semester, all day experience at a qualified school site under the supervision of a cooperating teacher and university supervisor. Teaching strategies and classroom management are practiced at grade levels and in subject matter that represent the student teacher's career choice. Student Teaching Fee $200. Prerequisites: Completion of all program courses; student teaching clearance; passing scores on the CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) examination; current TB (tuberculosis) test.


Student Teaching and Placements

Student teaching is the culminating experience of the credential program. This is a full-time experience in two classroom settings for an entire semester (18 weeks). Generally, fall student teaching ends mid-January and spring student teaching ends mid-June. Multiple subject candidates will gain experience in an upper and lower grade level setting.

Learn more about Student Teaching and Placements for Elementary Candidates.

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the School of Education are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with best teaching practices, real-world experience, as well as a Christian moral, ethical, and value perspective of leadership.

Michael Schulteis

Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Credential Programs & Director of M.Ed.
Dr. Michael Schulteis has been a full-time faculty member in the School of Education since 2003, specializing in science and math education, teaching instructional methods, classroom management and research methods courses, and supervising graduate research projects. His educational research has focused on evolution education in parochial schools.

Rebecca Stanton

Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Programs & Senior Director of Teacher Credential Programs
Dr. Rebecca Stanton has been teaching in the School of Education at Concordia since 2005, specializing in secondary teaching methods, classroom management, and differentiated instruction. As a university supervisor of student teachers and as a parent volunteer, she has spent innumerable hours in K-12 classrooms. Her sons' special needs have inspired her interest in how the brain learns and how to set up positive, inclusive learning environments. She presents on various teaching strategies at local, regional, and national conferences.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you — not just your performance — and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

EDUCATION FACULTY

Get In Touch

For more information about any of the many rewarding education programs at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

education@cui.edu
(949) 854-8002 ext. 1355

Explore th