https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/Education/Index/id/17177
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now

Undergraduate Education Program

Education Programs 
Prospective Students 
Current Students
Handbook
Contact Us
ELEMENTARY EDUCATION TEACHERS
Undergraduate Education Programs
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Earn Your Multiple Subject Credential

In California, a person studying to be an elementary school teacher will work toward obtaining a Multiple Subject Credential. This credential allows you to teach the variety of subjects offered at elementary schools.

Credential coursework can be done as part of your undergraduate degree, meaning you can finish your bachelor’s degree and credential at the same time. Some universities have this as a “blended” program. We think it is just good sense. It will take 4-5 years depending on the pace you set for becoming a teacher.

Concordia's Liberal Studies major is part of California's Elementary Subject Matter Preparation (ESM) program. Therefore, Concordia students in this major who pursue the Multiple Subject credential will not be required to take the California Subject Examination Test (CSET).

If you want to teach in a Lutheran school you can obtain your Lutheran Teacher Certificate through Concordia. This can be done with your undergraduate major and credential coursework.

Admission Requirements

Admission to the Teacher Education program comes in two parts. You must first be accepted as a student through the University Admissions application process. A separate application for the School of Education will be done once you have started the introductory education classes.

The State of California requires that all candidates for teacher credentials fulfill the Basic Skills requirements and Subject Matter Competency requirements. This may include passing state-approved tests before certification no matter which school you attend.

Student Teaching and Placements for Elementary Candidates.

For transfer students to Concordia, read more here.

What Students Are Saying
I chose Concordia’s teacher education program because I wanted to be able to integrate my faith and career choice. Concordia has allowed me to grow in both aspects of my life.

Sara Gonzales

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Teaching Credential Curriculum

The curriculum for the California Multiple Subject Credential is listed below. This coursework is approved by the State of California for obtaining a California State Multiple Subject Teaching Credential.

Included in your coursework is one full semester of Student Teaching.

TEACHING CREDENTIAL COURSES
EDUC 200: The Teacher and Technology
1

Students are introduced to five educational technology themes represented in the California Teaching Performance Expectations. Knowledge, skills and resources introduced in this course are applied throughout the Teacher Credential Program courses and will ultimately prepare candidates in their professional practice to facilitate learning as best enabled and supported by technology. Recommended concurrent enrollment with EDUC 204/EDSP 204. Prerequisites: Certificate of clearance; for undergraduates, must be taken before 400-level courses.

EDUC 101: Introduction to Teaching Careers I
1

This introductory course to the field of education and the professional career of the teacher will include the following topics: characteristics of today's learners and of effective teachers and schools; California teacher credentialing procedures; and the university's teacher education program. Fifteen (15) hours of community service in a school or other educational organization serving children are required. Students must arrange their own transportation to the school or educational organization.


EDUC 204: Introduction to Teaching Diverse Populations
2

This course will present the historical and philosophical foundations of teaching in California schools through the broad examination of the California Teaching Performance Expectations (TPEs). Through course activities students will develop awareness of the TPEs. Students are required to participate in 20 hours of fieldwork observation. Through these observations students will recognize the range of service delivery options for diverse populations of pupils. All fieldwork assignments are university assigned. Students are required to complete the observations during k-12 public school hours. Students must arrange their own transportation to the school site. Minimum grade of B- is required for those students applying to the School of Education. Prerequisites: Certificate of clearance; current TB (tuberculosis) test.


EDUC 301: Typical and Atypical Development of Diverse Learners
3

This course will present the major concepts, principles, theories, research, and applications related to the typical and atypical cognitive, social, emotional, physical, and moral development of children and adolescent pupils in inclusive classrooms. Students will learn the major concepts, principles, and research associated with human learning, achievement, motivation, conduct, and attitude as they examine the characteristics of exceptional persons with mild to moderate disabilities.


EDUC 401: Planning and Assessment for Inclusive Classrooms
3

Students will learn a variety of approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and assessing instruction in inclusive classrooms as they examine both formal and informal pupil assessment, including curriculum-based assessment in this course. Students will also learn and apply principles and strategies of differentiated instruction to assessment and instructional planning for diverse pupils. Corequisite: EDUC 451. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program.


EDUC 402: Creating Positive and Inclusive Learning Environments
3

This course will examine strategies for the inclusive classroom and the development of individual behavior management plans through an examination of the Individual Educational Program/ Individualized Family Service Plan (IEP/IFSP) processes, legal requirements, and responsibilities, along with the effects of pupil health and safety on learning. Students will learn skills for communicating, collaborating, and working with families, and supporting professionals and school personnel. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; EDUC 401 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


EDUC 451: Language and Culture
3

This course will address the impact of cultural, socio-economic status, religion, and gender on the education of elementary and secondary pupils as students examine theories of first and second language acquisition along with effective strategies for teaching English learners. Students will apply these strategies to course activities and assignments. Corequisite: EDUC 401. Prerequisite: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program.


EDUC 422: Math and Science Methods: Elementary
2

Students will learn approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and assessing instruction in science and mathematics as they draw upon social, cultural, and historical foundations and learning theories as they plan instruction in this course. Corequisite: EDUC 423. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 423: Integrated Curriculum Methods: Elementary
2

Students will learn approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and assessing instruction in history, arts, and physical education as they draw upon social, cultural, and historical foundations, and learning theories in this course. Corequisite: EDUC 422. Prerequisites: Admission to the teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 460: Literacy Instruction in Diverse Classrooms
4

This course will focus on preparing students to teach reading and language arts in diverse classrooms, following the guidelines set forth by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CCTC), the California Common Core State Standards, and the Reading Instruction Competence Assessment (RICA) Content Specifications. Corequisite: EDUC 480. Prerequisites: Admission to the teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 422 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 423 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 480: Teacher Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum: Field Experience
1

Teaching Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum is a seminar course with 40 hours of field experience. Through field work, reflective practice and weekly seminars, candidates develop an understanding of the California TPA. Candidates will develop a deeper understanding of the "Plan, Teach & Assess, Reflect, Apply" teaching cycle and how to meet the needs of diverse learners. The field experience hours provide an opportunity to develop teaching skills in a classroom setting. This course is comprised of several components: weekly seminars, field experience, and self-evaluation of the California Teaching Performance Expectations. Students must arrange their own transportation to the university assigned school site. Minimum grade of B- required. TPA Program and Field Experience Fee: $275. Corequisite: EDUC 460. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; current certificate of clearance; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; current TB (tuberculosis) test; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 and EDUC 422 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 423 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 482: Student Teaching: Elementary
12

Student teaching is a full semester, all day experience at a qualified school site under the supervision of a cooperating teacher and university supervisor. Teaching strategies and classroom management are practiced at grade levels and in subject matter that represent the student teacher's career choice. Student Teaching Fee $200. Prerequisites: Completion of all program courses; student teaching clearance; passing scores on the CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) examination; current TB (tuberculosis) test.


Student Teaching and Placements

Student teaching is the culminating experience of the credential program. This is a full-time experience in two classroom settings for an entire semester (18 weeks). Generally, fall student teaching ends mid-January and spring student teaching ends mid-June. Multiple subject candidates will gain experience in an upper and lower grade level setting.

Learn more about Student Teaching and Placements for Elementary Candidates.

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the School of Education are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with best teaching practices, real-world experience, as well as a Christian moral, ethical, and value perspective of leadership.

Michael Schulteis

Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Credential Programs & Director of M.Ed.
Dr. Michael Schulteis has been a full-time faculty member in the School of Education since 2003, specializing in science and math education, teaching instructional methods, classroom management and research methods courses, and supervising graduate research projects. His educational research has focused on evolution education in parochial schools.

Rebecca Stanton

Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Programs & Senior Director of Teacher Credential Programs
Dr. Rebecca Stanton has been teaching in the School of Education at Concordia since 2005, specializing in secondary teaching methods, classroom management, and differentiated instruction. As a university supervisor of student teachers and as a parent volunteer, she has spent innumerable hours in K-12 classrooms. Her sons' special needs have inspired her interest in how the brain learns and how to set up positive, inclusive learning environments. She presents on various teaching strategies at local, regional, and national conferences.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you — not just your performance — and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

EDUCATION FACULTY

Get In Touch

For more information about any of the many rewarding education programs at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

education@cui.edu
(949) 854-8002 ext. 1355

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

