pective grounded in more than 20 years of career experience.

Education
Ed.D, Educational Leadership & Management, Alliant International University, San Diego, CA.
M.A., School Administration, Azusa Pacific University, Azusa, CA.
M.A., Curriculum and Instruction, Azusa Pacific University, Azusa, CA.
B.A., Elementary Education, Acadia University, Nova Scotia, Canada
B.A., Sociology Acadia University, Nova Scotia, Canada
Areas of Expertise
Curriculum Development and Alignment
Mentorship and Support of Administrators and Teachers
Instructional Platforms and Strategies
Vezner, Heather
Dean, School of Education | Assistant Professor of Education
heather.vezner@cui.edu
Dean, School of Education | Assistant Professor of Education
Biography

Dr. Heather Vezner first began her teaching career in 1993 as an early childhood teacher. She has now served as an educator for 30 years. Her experiences include being an early childhood and elementary education teacher, early childhood program administrator, and parent educator for a grant-funded early education program. She first came to Concordia University Irvine in 2009 as the Field Experience Coordinator and CalTPA Assistant Coordinator. She has also served as Director of Student Teaching, Director of Preliminary Teacher Credential Programs, Assistant Dean, and currently serves as Dean of the School of Education. Her areas of research and expertise include early childhood education, literacy development, mentoring, teacher preparation, and leadership development.  Thanks be to God for the opportunity to serve and support students in their calling to become educational leaders who make a positive impact in our school communities.

Teaching Credentials and Certificates
Ed.D. - Organizational Leadership, Northeastern University, Boston, 2022
California Multiple Subject Clear Teaching Credential, 2009
Illinois Early Childhood Teaching Credential, 2007
M.A. - Early Childhood Education, Concordia University, Chicago, 1996
Illinois Elementary Education Teaching Credential, 1993
B.A. - Elementary Education, Concordia University, Chicago, 1993
Webb, Catherine
Director, MAED Educational Administration
catherine.webb@cui.edu
Professor
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Instructional Leadership, Argosy University, 2007
MAEd., Supervision and Administration, University of Phoenix, 2002
B. A., History, University of California, Los Angeles, 1995
B. A., Geography/Environmental Studies, University of California, Los Angeles, 1995
Biography

Dr. Catherine Webb is a Professor of Education and Coordinator of the California Administrator Performance Assessment (CalAPA). She serves on the Institutional Review Board at Concordia University Irvine and is the Subject Matter Expert for EDUA 516, EDUA 517, EDUA 561, EDUA562 and EDUA563 (5 of the 8 Administrative courses in the MAEd. program). Dr. Webb serves as a generalist currently teaching Education Technology, Administration, and Curriculum and Instruction courses in the MAEd program as well as Dissertation Seminars for the Doctoral Program.

Dr. Webb served as a K-8 teacher, special education teacher, site administrator, and district administrator for over 15 years in California and Arizona. She holds a Clear Administrative Services credential and Clear Teaching credential in both states. Dr. Webb defended her dissertation on the efficacy of professional learning communities and the impact school improvement initiatives have on student academic achievement. Dr. Webb’s expertise lies in curriculum, Instruction and assessment, administration, and technology. Dr. Webb served as a consultant and professional development presenter, serving school districts nationwide. Dr. Webb has worked in Higher Education since 2007.

Areas of Expertise
Technology
21st century Teaching and Learning
Classroom Management
Instructional Leadership
Curriculum, Instruction, and Assessment
Diverse Learners
School Improvement
Common Core Standards
Action Research
APA
Young, Timothy
 
timothy.young1@cui.edu
Professor
Degrees Earned
Ed.D, Educational Leadership, University of California, Los Angeles
M.S., Educational Administration, California State University Fullerton
M.A., Spiritual Formation, Biola University, La Mirada, CA
M.S., Educational Counseling, National University, San Diego, CA
B.A., Psychology, Biola University, La Mirada, CA
Administrative Services Credential
California Pupil Personnel Services Credential:  School Counseling
Biography

Dr. Tim Young currently serves in the School of Education as Director of the PPOHA (Promoting Post-Baccalaureate Opportunities for Hispanic Americans) grant and as the Ed.D mentor and Assistant Professor. This grant, awarded to Concordia in 2023 by the U.S. Department of Education, focuses on enrolling and equipping future Hispanic teachers, school administrators, and K-12 district leaders. Dr. Young is dedicated to creating opportunities for graduate students to excel in their degree programs and to eliminating barriers to student acces