https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/maed/learning-design-technology/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

MAED: Learning, Design, and Technology

Program Design 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Meetings
Contact 
Apply Now
Curriculum
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATION: LEARNING, DESIGN, AND TECHNOLOGY
Curriculum/Course Descriptions
Accelerated Path to a 2nd MAED Degree

Students who complete this degree are also eligible to take an accelerated path to earning a second MAEd in Curriculum & Instruction with only 5 additional courses.

MAED: LEARNING, DESIGN, AND TECHNOLOGY
EDUT 501: Essentials in Technology Integration With Google
3

In a world where shifting to various forms of online learning is a reality for all teachers, classroom technology integration is more essential than ever. This course will introduce a model for the integration of technology, teacher pedagogy, and classroom content in order to focus technology use in an authentic and meaningful way. Given the widespread nature of Google tools in school culture, integration strategies will be introduced through a lens of preparation for completion of Google Educator Level 1 Certification.

EDEL 510: Servant Leadership
3

This course will present the value of incorporating the servant leadership model into one’s repertoire as an educational leader today. Students will identify key characteristics and strategies that will enhance their legacy as a leader who galvanizes positive changes in the lives of students, colleagues, parents, and the overall school culture.

EDUT 521: Designing Learning Environments for Equity and Accessibility
3

Meeting and exceeding the needs of all learners is central to the role of a powerful educator. This course will examine best practices for designing learning environments that expand access, differentiate instruction, and provide interventions for diverse or underrepresented learners. As part of the course, students will explore topics such as differentiated instruction in live/online settings, Universal Design for Learning, adaptive technology as a subset of educational technology, and a Cognitive Theory of Multimedia Learning.

EDUT 522: Emerging Trends in Educational Technology
3

Emerging Trends in Educational Technology explores the current and potential future impacts of emerging and rapidly evolving technologies on learning and pedagogy. This course will challenge students to evaluate emerging technologies, design projects around those technologies to apply in classroom experiences, and stay informed about future trends and innovations. Students will also gain insights on how to lead change within their instructional environment, and the challenges of system change in relation to emerging technologies.

EDUT 523: Human-Centered Design for Online Learning
3

Designing online learning environments is an essential skill for today's teacher. This course will present a structured model for generating solutions to the pedagogical challenges that educators face when creating online learning experiences for students. Special attention will be given to strategies for fostering empathy, inquiry, and community with students in the online setting. Additionally, students will explore various learning theories to better understand how educational psychology can empower the human-centered design process.

EDUT 547: Brain-Based Teaching and Learning
3

This course is designed to provide experienced teachers with the latest research in brain-based learning and instructional theory and its practical applications to the classroom. Topics will include the structures and functions of the brain, how the brain processes information, lateralization specialization, memory, retention and transfer theory, and the role of emotion in learning. The purpose of this course is to equip educators with an understanding of research-based body/brain/mind principles and how they are applied in teaching and learning.


EDUT 570: Reflective Practice
3

Powerful learning and instruction emerge not only from sound, authentic pedagogical design, but from intentional reflection and analysis of one’s own teaching practice. This course will provide strategies and examples for integrating the art of critical reflection into the teaching vocation. As part of this course, teachers will investigate the intersection of technology, pedagogy, and content in their own practice, and explore methods for sharing their work with colleagues within and beyond their teaching community.

EDUT 586: Educational Technology
3

This course equips teachers to be knowledgeable about educational technology and current tools available to further student engagement. Course activities are heavily influenced and directed by the standards of the International Society for Technology in Education (ISTE).


CAPSTONE EXPERIENCE
EDR 580: Educational Research
3

This course will provide students with an introduction to educational research by exploring problems or issues in education, qualitative research methods, and analyzing research articles. Students will learn the essentials needed to carry out the research process and begin their capstone project, which will be completed in 605.


EDR 605: Capstone Project
3

During this course, students work to finalize their capstone project. Students will triangulate data using critical self-reflections, credible literature, and observations as a method to respond to an educational problem. Upon completion of the written project, students will orally present their capstone in class. Graduation Application Fee: $185. Prerequisite: EDR 580 (concurrent enrollment allowed; must be taken in different parts of term).

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

