w they are applied in teaching and learning.


EDUT 570: Reflective Practice
3

Powerful learning and instruction emerge not only from sound, authentic pedagogical design, but from intentional reflection and analysis of one’s own teaching practice. This course will provide strategies and examples for integrating the art of critical reflection into the teaching vocation. As part of this course, teachers will investigate the intersection of technology, pedagogy, and content in their own practice, and explore methods for sharing their work with colleagues within and beyond their teaching community.

EDUT 586: Educational Technology
3

This course equips teachers to be knowledgeable about educational technology and current tools available to further student engagement. Course activities are heavily influenced and directed by the standards of the International Society for Technology in Education (ISTE).


CAPSTONE EXPERIENCE
EDR 580: Educational Research
3

This course will provide students with an introduction to educational research by exploring problems or issues in education, qualitative research methods, and analyzing research articles. Students will learn the essentials needed to carry out the research process and begin their capstone project, which will be completed in 605.


EDR 605: Capstone Project
3

During this course, students work to finalize their capstone project. Students will triangulate data using critical self-reflections, credible literature, and observations as a method to respond to an educational problem. Upon completion of the written project, students will orally present their capstone in class. Graduation Application Fee: $185. Prerequisite: EDR 580 (concurrent enrollment allowed; must be taken in different parts of term).

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

