chers, school administrators, and K-12 district leaders. Dr. Young is dedicated to creating opportunities for graduate students to excel in their degree programs and to eliminating barriers to student access and success.

Prior to joining Concordia, Dr. Young served as the Vice President for Student Affairs and Campus Operations at Vanguard University. In this role, he provided leadership to both student affairs and campus operations departments. He has experience leading and developing teams to foster student success through the development of programs and services tailored to a Hispanic Serving Institution. He also has extensive experience with university operations.

His research has focused on understanding the needs of culturally diverse students and identifying and removing challenges faced by students pursuing degrees, with a particular focus on the experiences of African American students at Christian colleges.

Dr. Young has also worked as both a teacher and school counselor in a variety of K-12 settings including a Lutheran elementary school, a comprehensive high school, community day school, and an alternative education high school.

Additionally, Dr. Young is the founder of The Joshua Foundation for Christian Mentoring, a nonprofit organization dedicated to mentoring pastors and Christian leaders. Through this organization, he provides resources and support to encourage lifelong ministry.

Dr. Young also serves as a strategic planning and organizational development consultant for churches and nonprofit organizations, channeling his passion for improving organizational health and efficiency.

Areas of Expertise
Higher Education
Educational Leadership
School Counseling
Diversity and Inclusion
Organizational Change
Qualitative Research Methods
Title IX Administration
Student Conduct Administration
Mentoring Culture  
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

