https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/maed/learning-design-technology/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

MAED: Learning, Design, and Technology

Program Design 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Meetings
Contact 
Apply Now
Faculty
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATION: LEARNING, DESIGN, AND TECHNOLOGY
Albrecht, Kellie L.
Assistant Dean, School of Education
kellie.albrecht@cui.edu
Assistant Dean | Senior Director of the Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership Program

Dr. Kellie Albrecht is the Assistant Dean for the School of Education, Senior Director of the Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership program, and a Professor of Education. She is responsible for Ed.D. program operations, program development and improvement, faculty training, curriculum development and assessment, and advising doctoral students with their dissertation research. Dr. Albrecht served as the Chair of the Educational Effectiveness Committee (EEC), a member of the Academic Council and Institutional Review Board (IRB).

Prior to teaching in higher education, Dr. Albrecht was an elementary school educator having taught in grades 1, 4, 5, and 6. Dr. Albrecht's experience teaching in urban schools sparked her passion for educating in diverse settings. Her experience working with culturally diverse and underrepresented children led to an interest in English language development and differentiated instructional practices. Additionally, Dr. Albrecht is the mother of four children, her oldest being identical twin boys. Dr. Albrecht's doctoral dissertation was an interpretive phenomenological analysis focused on identifying twins as a cultural group, which investigated individual needs for educating twins. The dissertation is titled, Beyond Bonded Voices: A Qualitative Study with Adult Monozygotic (Identical) Twins.

Dr. Albrecht's experience in higher education includes MAED program development and improvement, faculty training and professional development, advising graduate and postgraduate qualitative research projects, teaching undergraduate, graduate, and multiple and single subject credential courses, supervising student teachers in the field, assessing teaching performance assessments (TPAs), and facilitating TPA student workshops.

Areas of Expertise
Qualitative Research Methodologies: Action Research, Grounded Theory, Interpretive
Phenomenological Analysis, Case Study
Twins’ Research
Differentiated Instructional Practices
English Language Development
Classroom Management
Curriculum Design, Assessment, and Evaluation
Distance Learning: Online Asynchronous & Synchronous, Blended/Hybrid
Program/Course Development, Design, and Improvement
Technological Pedagogy
Briner, Jamie
Lead Graduate Advisor | Credential Analyst
jamie.briner@cui.edu
Lead Graduate Advisor | Credential Analyst
Doyle, Lori
Director, M.A. Educational Leadership 
lori.doyle@cui.edu
Director, M.A. Educational Leadership
Biography

My career in education began at the high school level and I enjoyed years of teaching English and theology classes. My posts as ASB advisor and basketball coach provided additional ways to connect with my students. A couple years as the school's communications director came at the same time I began teaching for Concordia University, Irvine, in 2002. At that time, I taught in the CUAccelerate program which is a hybrid on-campus and online program. A move to Arizona led to five years of instruction for University of Phoenix where I taught a range of writing courses to include expository, research, and technical writing. While I enjoyed that post, I decided to pursue courses in the field of education and started teaching for Grand Canyon University in both their graduate and undergraduate programs. In 2012, I was thrilled to join the CUI ranks again as a Professor of Education for the MAED Curriculum & Instruction program. I also serve as the Subject Matter Expert for the following MAEd courses: Curriculum Design and Assessment (EDU/EDUT 520), Coping with Stress and Violence in Today's Classrooms (EDU 524), and Educational Discourse: Change and Reform (EDU 550). My role as Program Director for Curriculum & Instruction provides opportunities to work with other instructors and stay current with all the courses offered. I'm currently working on a PhD in Psychology with an emphasis in Cognition and Instruction from Grand Canyon University. I have a true love for the online classroom and truly look forward to the start of each new term.

Gomes, Robin
Assistant Professor, School of Education
robin.gomes@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Education
Biography

Robin Gomes has been serving in Lutheran education for over 20 years. Before serving at Concordia University, Robin worked as a teacher, assistant principal, and principal in Lutheran elementary schools in Nevada and California. Throughout that time, Robin led in the areas of teacher recruitment and retention, curriculum and assessment, and school consultancy in the Pacific Southwest District.

Robin is married to Domingo, a middle school teacher who she met as a student at Concordia University. They have two college-age children. Their pastimes include musical theater, going to Disneyland, enjoying the beach, and baseball.

Education
M.A.Ed, Curriculum and Instruction, Concordia University- Irvine, 2007
California Multiple Subject Clear Teaching Credential, 2000
B.A., Behavioral Science: Anthropology, Concordia University- Irvine, 1999
Howard, Barbara
Director: Assessment and Accreditation
barbara.howard@cui.edu
Director: Assessment and Accreditation
Degrees Earned
Ed.D. in International and Multicultural Education, University of San Francisco, 1995
MBA, National University, San Diego, 1988
B.A. in Literature and Writing, University of California, 1985
Biography

Dr. Barbara Howard is currently the School of Education’s Director of Assessment and Accreditation. She is also the co-chair of the University's Educational Effectiveness Committee. In this capacity she works closely with the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing to ensure that our credential programs are always in compliance. In February 2021 she had the pleasure of shepherding our school through the CTC re-accreditation process for a full 7 year re-accreditation. She also works closely with the Office of Institutional Research and Assessment and is actively involved in preparations for our WSCUC re-accreditation coming in spring 2024.

Dr. Howard has had the pleasure of working with adult college students since 1986. She began her career in Adult Education at National University as an academic advisor. When she left NU six years later to pursue her doctoral studies, she was director of three Bay Area centers serving hundreds of adult students. After completing her doctorate at the University of San Francisco, she resumed her work with adult students at the College of San Mateo, developing Corporate Education programs. In 1997 she and her husband relocated to Southern California where she worked at Marymount College in Palos Verdes as the Director of the Weekend College program.

After taking a few years off to stay home with her newborn daughter, Dr. Howard’s passion to serve the adult college student community brought her to CUI in 2004 when she opened Concordia’s Temecula Regional Center and was blessed to be able to teach and advise 100+ students through the BA Degree Completion program. In 2012 she moved to the School of Education where among other things she had the pleasure of bringing MAED programs to students in the Temecula and San Diego regions.

First and foremost, Dr. Howard defines herself as a daughter of the King of Kings, saved by His mercy and grace, and a disciple of Jesus Christ. Her passions are studying His word in Greek and sharing the gospel on short-term mission trips. “God has placed a wonderful desire in my heart for mission work in Africa. I have had the pleasure of traveling to the continent of Africa 8 times in the last 10 years. My first visit was to Swaziland to plant gardens with Dream for Africa. My next two visits were to Ethiopia where I received my Amharic name Ingeda, and worked with Childrens’ Ministry workers for an organization called Kidzana. My next three trips were to Senegal where I had the privilege to work with a local young pastor and his wife in ministry in a small remote villages outside of Thies. Finally my last two visits were to the DR Congo where I have been most blessed work alongside the indomitable Esther and Camille Ntoto serving men, women and children through a variety of ministries. God is doing amazing things in Congo! I can’t wait to go back.”

Areas of Expertise
Adult Learning
Online Teaching and Learning
Scholarly Writing
Mentoring
WSCUC Assessment programs
Training Trainers in Children’s Ministry
Mercier, Sandra
Director, MAED Learning, Design, and Technology & Curriculum & Instruction
sandra.mercier@cui.edu
Director, MAED Learning, Design, and Technology & Curriculum & Instruction
Biography

Professor Sandy Mercier has been a full-time faculty member in the School of Education since 2014. Sandy attended Concordia University, Irvine both as an undergraduate and graduate student. She currently teaches MAED online courses for both the Curriculum & Instruction and Learning, Design, and Technology programs. She is also the Director of CUI's Learning, Design, and Technology program. Prior to moving into higher education, she taught various grade levels including Kindergarten, 6th, 7th-8th Literature, and K-8 Computers. Sandra's passion is sharing her love of teaching, implementing fun technology, and creating engaging lessons with her MAED students. Sandy and her husband, Nathan, have been blessed with three children. Their family is very involved with St. John’s Lutheran Church and School in Orange, CA.

Education
Master of Arts in Education – Awarded May 2006, CUI - Major: Curriculum and Instruction; Concentration: K-12 Instruction
Bachelor of Arts in Education – Awarded May 1999, CUI - Major: Liberal Studies; Concentration: Child Development; Christ College Certificate
California Clear Multiple Subject Credential – Awarded August 2003, CUI - Supplementary Authorization: English/Literature
Areas of Expertise
Educational Technology
Innovative, Technology-based Tools
Enhancement Strategies for K-12 Curriculum
Brain-Based Teaching and Learning
Curriculum Design and Assessment
Coping with Stress and Violence
Social and Emotional Learning/Mental Health Support
Child, Family, and Community
Mueller, Kathy
Administrative Assistant to the Dean/Assistant Director of Events and Partnerships
kathy.mueller@cui.edu
Administrative Assistant to the Dean/Assistant Director of Events and Partnerships
Rodrigues, Charlie
Coordinator, MOUs & Faculty Onboarding
charlie.rodrigues@cui.edu
Coordinator, MOUs & Faculty Onboarding
Biography

Prior to his full time faculty appointment, Charlie Rodrigues most recently served Concordia University Irvine as Assistant Registrar in addition to his adjunct faculty role in the M.A. Education program. His doctoral research is investigating the effectiveness of the onboarding process for incoming full and part time university faculty. As a proud alum of Concordia for both undergraduate and graduate degrees, he also spent 10 years as an educator in public and Lutheran schools. His breadth of experience will serve him well as he will be teaching in the M.A. Education and teacher credential programs. Charlie and his wife Melissa – also an educator – are raising two active boys (ages 6 and 2) and attend Bethany Lutheran Church in Long Beach. They enjoy spending time with extended family, reading, and traveling.

Schlichtemeier, Kent
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
kent.schlichtemeier@cui.edu
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, University of California, Los Angeles
M.A., Denver University
B.A., Concordia Teachers College, Seward, NE
Biography

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier is a teacher. He started his teaching career in 1978 teaching 6th-8th grades in Oxnard, CA. After completing his Master’s degree at Denver University in 1984, he continued his teaching career at the high school level in Orlando, FL. Dr. Schlichtemeier served in the School of Education at Concordia University, Irvine from 1988-2003 where he mentored future teachers. In addition to teaching at Concordia, Dr. Schlichtemeier was the women’s basketball coach until retiring in 1993 to pursue his doctorate degree. During the final two seasons of his tenure as coach, the Lady Eagle Basketball team made two consecutive appearances at the NAIA National Basketball Tournament after winning the Golden State Athletic Conference Championships. Dr. Schlichtemeier was voted the District Three NAIA Coach of the Year in 1992 and 1993 and was voted into the Concordia Athletic Hall of Fame in 2006. Dr. Schlichtemeier has served as a teacher and assistant principal at Orange Lutheran High School from 2003-2007, before returning to teach at Concordia University. He enjoys frequent opportunities to speak at sports banquets, school graduations, athletic camps, teacher conferences, and leadership retreats.

Areas of Expertise
Instructional Leadership
Curriculum and Instruction
Assessment
Organizational Culture
School Climate
Instructional Leadership
Action Research
Schulteis, Michael
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Credential Programs | Director of M.Ed. | Professor of Science Education
michael.schulteis@cui.edu
Professor of Science Education | Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Credential Programs | Director of M.Ed. | Professor of Science Education

Dr. Michael Schulteis has been a full-time faculty member in the School of Education since 2003 specializing in science and math education, teaching instructional methods, classroom management and research methods courses, and supervising graduate research projects. His educational research has focused on evolution education in parochial schools.

Dr. Schulteis is currently a mentor for the American Meteorological Society Datastreme program. He also conducts seminars and makes presentations to educators across the United States and from Korea, Japan, China, South Africa, and Australia on such topics as instructional methods and evolution education. Prior to arriving at Concordia University, Dr. Schulteis taught multiple subjects at the junior high and senior high school levels.

Education
ScEdD, Doctor of Science Education, Curtin University of Technology, Perth, Western Australia
M.A., Curriculum and Instruction, Concordia University Irvine
B.A., Biology, Concordia University Irvine
Areas of Expertise
Curriculum
Instructional Strategies
Common Core Standards
School Climate
Assessment of Programs and Student Learning
Statistics
Qualitative Methods
Science Education
Quantitative Methods
Action Research
Lutheran Education
International Teaching
Seng, MaryAnn
Full Time Faculty, PPS Programs
maryann.seng@cui.edu
Full Time Faculty, PPS Programs
Degrees Earned
PHD in Education (School Psychology emphasis) from Chapman University - 2020
M.A. in School Counseling and M.A. in School Psychology from Chapman University - 1999
B.A. in Psychology from Biola University - 1996
Biography

Dr. MaryAnn Seng is a professor of education in the area of school counseling. Prior to her arrival at Concordia University, Seng was a counselor briefly and a school psychologist for 20 years in the Long Beach Unified School District. Her roles in the district included being a bilingual consultant (for the Khmer language), crisis team member, and the coordinator of the school psychology internship program. She also served as a faculty coordinator/counselor at Webster University's Irvine campus. Her knowledge of the Khmer language/culture allowed her to be a community member advisor to the Long Beach Police Department and the Department of Mental Health's Asian Unit for several years. She is currently a board member of the Pediatric Arthritis and Lupus Foundation. Her current research interest involves the educational needs of children with medical conditions.

Stuewe, Yvette
Assistant Professor of Education
yvette.stuewe@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Education

Assistant Professor Yvette Stuewe teaches courses in the MA and Teacher Credential programs. Professor Stuewe has served in Lutheran education for 28 years. Her educational experience spans across St. John’s Lutheran School, Orange Lutheran High School, and Concordia University Irvine. In addition to 27 years of classroom experience, Professor Stuewe served in various leadership roles including Curriculum Leadership Chair, Induction mentor, Induction Assistant Lead Mentor for the Orange County Department of Education Private School Cohort, Conference Presenter, President of the Lutheran Educators Conference Committee, Director of Curriculum, WASC Visiting Team Member, and Associate Director of Orange Lutheran Online. In February of 2023, she presented at the national Digital Learning Annual Conference (DLAC) in Austin, Texas.

Professor Stuewe was part of a team that piloted a one-to-one middle school laptop program, and she taught in a one-to-one setting for fourteen years, gaining experience with many different learning platforms and digital tools. She is a National Board Certified Teacher. She truly sees teaching as an art and values reflective teaching practices. Not only does she find passion in crafting effective lessons and building relationships with students, she also finds great value in collaborating with other educators. Professor Stuewe is currently working towards a doctorate in Instructional Technology and Distance Education from Nova Southeastern University.

Education
EdD Candidate: Instructional Technology and Distance Education, Nova Southeastern University
M.A. Curriculum and Instruction,Concordia University Irvine
Multiple Subject Teaching Credential, Concordia University Irvine
B.S. Bachelor of Science, History, University of California, Santa Barbara
Areas of Expertise
Instructional Design
Planning and Assessment
Instructional Technology
Online and Distance Learning
Reflective Teaching Practices
Tarbutton, Tanya
Senior Director, MA Programs
tanya.tarbutton@cui.edu
Senior Director, MA Programs
Biography

Dr. Tanya Tarbutton serves as an Assistant Professor of Education and Program Director for MAED, School Administration emphasis. Prior to joining Concordia University, Dr. Tarbutton worked as a supervisor and instructor at several higher education institutions in Southern California, mentoring and supporting new administrators and teachers. In this capacity she evaluated and prepared administrative candidates as well as teacher candidates for teaching and learning in the 21st Century. Dr. Tarbutton has also participated on Academic Advisory Boards focused on transformational change and presented at international conferences. Before entering higher education, Dr. Tarbutton worked as a site based school administrator, resource teacher and general education teacher. As an immigrant, she brings a unique perspective grounded in more than 20 years of career experience.

Education
Ed.D, Educational Leadership & Management, Alliant International University, San Diego, CA.
M.A., School Administration, Azusa Pacific University, Azusa, CA.
M.A., Curriculum and Instruction, Azusa Pacific University, Azusa, CA.
B.A., Elementary Education, Acadia University, Nova Scotia, Canada
B.A., Sociology Acadia University, Nova Scotia, Canada
Areas of Expertise
Curriculum Development and Alignment
Mentorship and Support of Administrators and Teachers
Instructional Platforms and Strategies
Vezner, Heather
Dean, School of Education | Assistant Professor of Education
heather.vezner@cui.edu
Dean, School of Education | Assistant Professor of Education
Biography

Dr. Heather Vezner first began her teaching career in 1993 as an early childhood teacher. She has now served as an educator for 30 years. Her experiences include being an early childhood and elementary education teacher, early childhood program administrator, and parent educator for a grant-funded early education program. She first came to Concordia University Irvine in 2009 as the Field Experience Coordinator and CalTPA Assistant Coordinator. She has also served as Director of Student Teaching, Director of Preliminary Teacher Credential Programs, Assistant Dean, and currently serves as Dean of the School of Education. Her areas of research and expertise include early childhood education, literacy development, mentoring, teacher preparation, and leadership development.  Thanks be to God for the opportunity to serve and support students in their calling to become educational leaders who make a positive impact in our school communities.

Teaching Credentials and Certificates
Ed.D. - Organizational Leadership, Northeastern University, Boston, 2022
California Multiple Subject Clear Teaching Credential, 2009
Illinois Early Childhood Teaching Credential, 2007
M.A. - Early Childhood Education, Concordia University, Chicago, 1996
Illinois Elementary Education Teaching Credential, 1993
B.A. - Elementary Education, Concordia University, Chicago, 1993
Webb, Catherine
Director, MAED Educational Administration
catherine.webb@cui.edu
Professor
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Instructional Leadership, Argosy University, 2007
MAEd., Supervision and Administration, University of Phoenix, 2002
B. A., History, University of California, Los Angeles, 1995
B. A., Geography/Environmental Studies, University of California, Los Angeles, 1995
Biography

Dr. Catherine Webb is a Professor of Education and Coordinator of the California Administrator Performance Assessment (CalAPA). She serves on the Institutional Review Board at Concordia University Irvine and is the Subject Matter Expert for EDUA 516, EDUA 517, EDUA 561, EDUA562 and EDUA563 (5 of the 8 Administrative courses in the MAEd. program). Dr. Webb serves as a generalist currently teaching Education Technology, Administration, and Curriculum and Instruction courses in the MAEd program as well as Dissertation Seminars for the Doctoral Program.

Dr. Webb served as a K-8 teacher, special education teacher, site administrator, and district administrator for over 15 years in California and Arizona. She holds a Clear Administrative Services credential and Clear Teaching credential in both states. Dr. Webb defended her dissertation on the efficacy of professional learning communities and the impact school improvement initiatives have on student academic achievement. Dr. Webb’s expertise lies in curriculum, Instruction and assessment, administration, and technology. Dr. Webb served as a consultant and professional development presenter, serving school districts nationwide. Dr. Webb has worked in Higher Education since 2007.

Areas of Expertise
Technology
21st century Teaching and Learning
Classroom Management
Instructional Leadership
Curriculum, Instruction, and Assessment
Diverse Learners
School Improvement
Common Core Standards
Action Research
APA
Young, Timothy
 
timothy.young1@cui.edu
Professor
Degrees Earned
Ed.D, Educational Leadership, University of California, Los Angeles
M.S., Educational Administration, California State University Fullerton
M.A., Spiritual Formation, Biola University, La Mirada, CA
M.S., Educational Counseling, National University, San Diego, CA
B.A., Psychology, Biola University, La Mirada, CA
Administrative Services Credential
California Pupil Personnel Services Credential:  School Counseling
Biography

Dr. Tim Young currently serves in the School of Education as Director of the PPOHA (Promoting Post-Baccalaureate Opportunities for Hispanic Americans) grant and as the Ed.D mentor and Assistant Professor. This grant, awarded to Concordia in 2023 by the U.S. Department of Education, focuses on enrolling and equipping future Hispanic teachers, school administrators, and K-12 district leaders. Dr. Young is dedicated to creating opportunities for graduate students to excel in their degree programs and to eliminating barriers to student access and success.

Prior to joining Concordia, Dr. Young served as the Vice President for Student Affairs and Campus Operations at Vanguard University. In this role, he provided leadership to both student affairs and campus operations departments. He has experience leading and developing teams to foster student success through the development of programs and services tailored to a Hispanic Serving Institution. He also has extensive experience with university operations.

His research has focused on understanding the needs of culturally diverse students and identifying and removing challenges faced by students pursuing degrees, with a particular focus on the experiences of African American students at Christian colleges.

Dr. Young has also worked as both a teacher and school counselor in a variety of K-12 settings including a Lutheran elementary school, a comprehensive high school, community day school, and an alternative education high school.

Additionally, Dr. Young is the founder of The Joshua Foundation for Christian Mentoring, a nonprofit organization dedicated to mentoring pastors and Christian leaders. Through this organization, he provides resources and support to encourage lifelong ministry.

Dr. Young also serves as a strategic planning and organizational development consultant for churches and nonprofit organizations, channeling his passion for improving organizational health and efficiency.

Areas of Expertise
Higher Education
Educational Leadership
School Counseling
Diversity and Inclusion
Organizational Change
Qualitative Research Methods
Title IX Administration
Student Conduct Administration
Mentoring Culture  
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

