pleasure of traveling to the continent of Africa 8 times in the last 10 years. My first visit was to Swaziland to plant gardens with Dream for Africa. My next two visits were to Ethiopia where I received my Amharic name Ingeda, and worked with Childrens’ Ministry workers for an organization called Kidzana. My next three trips were to Senegal where I had the privilege to work with a local young pastor and his wife in ministry in a small remote villages outside of Thies. Finally my last two visits were to the DR Congo where I have been most blessed work alongside the indomitable Esther and Camille Ntoto serving men, women and children through a variety of ministries. God is doing amazing things in Congo! I can’t wait to go back.”

Areas of Expertise
Adult Learning
Online Teaching and Learning
Scholarly Writing
Mentoring
WSCUC Assessment programs
Training Trainers in Children’s Ministry
Mercier, Sandra
Director, MAED Learning, Design, and Technology & Curriculum & Instruction
sandra.mercier@cui.edu
Director, MAED Learning, Design, and Technology & Curriculum & Instruction
Biography

Professor Sandy Mercier has been a full-time faculty member in the School of Education since 2014. Sandy attended Concordia University, Irvine both as an undergraduate and graduate student. She currently teaches MAED online courses for both the Curriculum & Instruction and Learning, Design, and Technology programs. She is also the Director of CUI's Learning, Design, and Technology program. Prior to moving into higher education, she taught various grade levels including Kindergarten, 6th, 7th-8th Literature, and K-8 Computers. Sandra's passion is sharing her love of teaching, implementing fun technology, and creating engaging lessons with her MAED students. Sandy and her husband, Nathan, have been blessed with three children. Their family is very involved with St. John’s Lutheran Church and School in Orange, CA.

Education
Master of Arts in Education – Awarded May 2006, CUI - Major: Curriculum and Instruction; Concentration: K-12 Instruction
Bachelor of Arts in Education – Awarded May 1999, CUI - Major: Liberal Studies; Concentration: Child Development; Christ College Certificate
California Clear Multiple Subject Credential – Awarded August 2003, CUI - Supplementary Authorization: English/Literature
Areas of Expertise
Educational Technology
Innovative, Technology-based Tools
Enhancement Strategies for K-12 Curriculum
Brain-Based Teaching and Learning
Curriculum Design and Assessment
Coping with Stress and Violence
Social and Emotional Learning/Mental Health Support
Child, Family, and Community
Mueller, Kathy
Administrative Assistant to the Dean/Assistant Director of Events and Partnerships
kathy.mueller@cui.edu
Administrative Assistant to the Dean/Assistant Director of Events and Partnerships
Rodrigues, Charlie
Coordinator, MOUs & Faculty Onboarding
charlie.rodrigues@cui.edu
Coordinator, MOUs & Faculty Onboarding
Biography

Prior to his full time faculty appointment, Charlie Rodrigues most recently served Concordia University Irvine as Assistant Registrar in addition to his adjunct faculty role in the M.A. Education program. His doctoral research is investigating the effectiveness of the onboarding process for incoming full and part time university faculty. As a proud alum of Concordia for both undergraduate and graduate degrees, he also spent 10 years as an educator in public and Lutheran schools. His breadth of experience will serve him well as he will be teaching in the M.A. Education and teacher credential programs. Charlie and his wife Melissa – also an educator – are raising two active boys (ages 6 and 2) and attend Bethany Lutheran Church in Long Beach. They enjoy spending time with extended family, reading, and traveling.

Schlichtemeier, Kent
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
kent.schlichtemeier@cui.edu
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, University of California, Los Angeles
M.A., Denver University
B.A., Concordia Teachers College, Seward, NE
Biography

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier is a teacher. He started his teaching career in 1978 teaching 6th-8th grades in Oxnard, CA. After completing his Master’s degree at Denver University in 1984, he continued his teaching career at the high school level in Orlando, FL. Dr. Schlichtemeier served in the School of Education at Concordia University, Irvine from 1988-2003 where he mentored future teachers. In addition to teaching at Concordia, Dr. Schlichtemeier was the women’s basketball coach until retiring in 1993 to pursue his doctorate degree. During the final two seasons of his tenure as coach, the Lady Eagle Basketball team made two consecutive appearances at the NAIA National Basketball Tournament after winning the Golden State Athletic Conference Championships. Dr. Schlichtemeier was voted the District Three NAIA Coach of the Year in 1992 and 1993 and was voted into the Concordia Athletic Hall of Fame in 2006. Dr. Schlichtemeier 