llowing MAEd courses: Curriculum Design and Assessment (EDU/EDUT 520), Coping with Stress and Violence in Today's Classrooms (EDU 524), and Educational Discourse: Change and Reform (EDU 550). My role as Program Director for Curriculum & Instruction provides opportunities to work with other instructors and stay current with all the courses offered. I'm currently working on a PhD in Psychology with an emphasis in Cognition and Instruction from Grand Canyon University. I have a true love for the online classroom and truly look forward to the start of each new term.

Gomes, Robin
Assistant Professor, School of Education
robin.gomes@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Education
Biography

Robin Gomes has been serving in Lutheran education for over 20 years. Before serving at Concordia University, Robin worked as a teacher, assistant principal, and principal in Lutheran elementary schools in Nevada and California. Throughout that time, Robin led in the areas of teacher recruitment and retention, curriculum and assessment, and school consultancy in the Pacific Southwest District.

Robin is married to Domingo, a middle school teacher who she met as a student at Concordia University. They have two college-age children. Their pastimes include musical theater, going to Disneyland, enjoying the beach, and baseball.

Education
M.A.Ed, Curriculum and Instruction, Concordia University- Irvine, 2007
California Multiple Subject Clear Teaching Credential, 2000
B.A., Behavioral Science: Anthropology, Concordia University- Irvine, 1999
Howard, Barbara
Director: Assessment and Accreditation
barbara.howard@cui.edu
Director: Assessment and Accreditation
Degrees Earned
Ed.D. in International and Multicultural Education, University of San Francisco, 1995
MBA, National University, San Diego, 1988
B.A. in Literature and Writing, University of California, 1985
Biography

Dr. Barbara Howard is currently the School of Education’s Director of Assessment and Accreditation. She is also the co-chair of the University's Educational Effectiveness Committee. In this capacity she works closely with the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing to ensure that our credential programs are always in compliance. In February 2021 she had the pleasure of shepherding our school through the CTC re-accreditation process for a full 7 year re-accreditation. She also works closely with the Office of Institutional Research and Assessment and is actively involved in preparations for our WSCUC re-accreditation coming in spring 2024.

Dr. Howard has had the pleasure of working with adult college students since 1986. She began her career in Adult Education at National University as an academic advisor. When she left NU six years later to pursue her doctoral studies, she was director of three Bay Area centers serving hundreds of adult students. After completing her doctorate at the University of San Francisco, she resumed her work with adult students at the College of San Mateo, developing Corporate Education programs. In 1997 she and her husband relocated to Southern California where she worked at Marymount College in Palos Verdes as the Director of the Weekend College program.

After taking a few years off to stay home with her newborn daughter, Dr. Howard’s passion to serve the adult college student community brought her to CUI in 2004 when she opened Concordia’s Temecula Regional Center and was blessed to be able to teach and advise 100+ students through the BA Degree Completion program. In 2012 she moved to the School of Education where among other things she had the pleasure of bringing MAED programs to students in the Temecula and San Diego regions.

First and foremost, Dr. Howard defines herself as a daughter of the King of Kings, saved by His mercy and grace, and a disciple of Jesus Christ. Her passions are studying His word in Greek and sharing the gospel on short-term mission trips. “God has placed a wonderful desire in my heart for mission work in Africa. I have had the pleasure of traveling to the continent of Africa 8 times in the last 10 years. My first visit was to Swaziland to plant gardens with Dream for Africa. My next two visits were to Ethiopia where I received my Amharic name Ingeda, and worked with Childrens’ Ministry workers for an organization called Kidzana. My next three trips were to Senegal where I had the privilege to work with a local young pastor and his wife in ministry in a small remote villages outside of Thies. Finally my last two visits were to the DR Congo where I have been most blessed work alongside the indomitable Esther and Camille Ntoto serving men, women and children through a variety of ministries. God is doing amazing things in Congo! I can’t wait to go back.”

Areas of Expertise
Adult Learning
Online Teaching and Learning
Scholarly Writing
Mentoring
WSCUC Assessment programs
Training Trainers in Children’s Ministry
Mercier, Sandra
Director, MAED Learning, Design, and Technology & Curriculum & Instruction
sandra.merci