https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/maed/school-counseling/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

MAED: School Counseling

Program Design 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Meetings
Contact 
Apply Now
Curriculum
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATION: SCHOOL COUNSELING
Curriculum
Blended and Online formats*

The MAED in School Counseling requires a minimum of 48 units. MAED coursework focuses on the theory and skills needed by today’s school counselors to work in diverse school settings in areas including: academic, career, personal and social development counseling and guidance; educational assessment; counseling diverse populations and exceptional students; crisis response and management; school-wide prevention and intervention programs; providing consultation, training and professional development for teachers and parents; counseling program development; and law and ethics in schools.

MAED: SCHOOL COUNSELING
48 Units
EDSC 511: Introduction to School Counseling
3

This course will provide an introduction and overview of basic counseling skills and interpersonal relationship concepts. Students will be introduced to theory, roles, functions, and current issues of school counseling with a focus on basic introductory skills needed by today's school counselors to work with diverse populations in educational and professional settings.


EDSC 514: Growth, Development and Learning
3

This course is designed to provide educational foundations, including human growth and development, learning theory, and academic achievement. In addition to understanding human development across the lifespan as well as factors that impede development, students will be able to identify and apply pedagogical best practices, appropriate evidence-based curriculum, classroom management strategies, and classroom lessons that meet the needs of all learners.


EDSC 519: Program Development
3

This course is designed to teach candidates to plan, develop, implement, and evaluate a comprehensive school counseling program and serves as an introduction to implementing the ASCA model in K-12 school systems. Candidates will use data to articulate the impact of comprehensive school counseling programs and will demonstrate the ability to design, develop, and deliver prevention & intervention programs to have a positive impact on student achievement, attendance, and discipline.


EDSC 522: Theories of Counseling
3

This course will provide an overview of the major theories and techniques of counseling and psychotherapy as the history, prominent figures, and current application of these theories are explored. Current best practices in school counseling in diverse settings, critical examination of major theories in the guided formation of their own personal style, and approach to school counseling will also be emphasized.


EDSC 531: Theory & Practice of Groups in Schools
3

This course focuses on the development, planning, implementation, and evaluation of small groups in school counseling through the lens of theory, research, case studies, and real-world, school-based practice. Candidates will model and demonstrate essential counseling skills in group counseling to address underlying issues impeding student achievement.

EDSC 535: Academic Development and Support
3

This course emphasizes the role of school counselors in multi-tiered systems of support. Candidates will be able to identify the factors associated with prevention & intervention strategies to support academic achievement. Candidates will learn to apply approaches that support all learners, including underserved students and students with special needs, and the processes associated with academic accommodations.


EDSC 541: Mental Health Interventions for School Counselors
3

This course prepares candidates with the ability to provide an initial assessment of a student's mental health needs and make the appropriate referrals within and external to the school site. Candidates will learn to counsel and address mental health needs of students during times of transition, separation, or heightened stress, and how to access community services that assist all student needs. Additionally, candidates will be able to develop, implement, and monitor prevention, education, and intervention programs, including but not limited to behavior disorders, eating disorders, substance abuse, sexual abuse, and suicide.


EDSC 550: Social and Cultural Competencies
3

This course focuses on the ability to understand & apply cultural competencies & social justice competencies with marginalized populations, to identify and address personal biases, and to integrate multicultural trends when developing curriculum. Candidates will demonstrate the school counselor's role as a leader, advocate, and systems change agent leading to equitable outcomes.


EDSC 551: Legal and Ethical Issues
3

This course will introduce legal and ethi