am; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 470: Content Area Literacy Instruction
4

Using the guidelines sent forth by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CCTC) and the California and Common Core State Standards as the basis of this course, students will examine the theory and practice of reading instruction as applied to the content areas of middle and secondary schools with an emphasis on the development of reading techniques ranging from assessment of individual skills, selection of appropriate materials, and strategies for instruction in subject areas for diverse classrooms. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 401 and EDUC 402 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 451.


EDUC 481: Teacher Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum: Field Experience
1

This is the last course taken before EDUC 482 and consisting of forty (40) hours of field experience during K-12 public school hours and class seminars and will prepare students to teach in secondary classrooms as they develop an understanding of grades 7-12 curriculum, how to meet the needs of diverse learners, and instructional planning and delivery. Through the activities of this course, students will complete the first two tasks of the California Teaching Performance Assessment (CalTPA). Minimum grade of B- required. Students must arrange their own transportation to the university-assigned school site. TPA Fee: $275. Prerequisites: Current certificate of clearance; current TB (tuberculosis) text; completion; CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) verification; EDUC 424 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and EDUC 470 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


EDUC 483: Student Teaching: Secondary
12

Student teaching is a full semester, all day experience at a qualified school site under the supervision of a cooperating teacher and university supervisor. Teaching strategies and classroom management are practiced at grade levels and in subject matter that represent the student teacher's career choice. Student Teaching Fee $200. Prerequisites: Completion of all program courses; student teaching clearance; passing scores on the CSET (California Subject Examination for Teachers) examination; current TB (tuberculosis) test.


Meet Your Professors

Professors in the School of Education are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with best teaching practices, real-world experience, as well as a Christian moral, ethical, and value perspective of leadership.

Michael Schulteis

Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Credential Programs & Director of M.Ed.
Dr. Michael Schulteis has been a full-time faculty member in the School of Education since 2003, specializing in science and math education, teaching instructional methods, classroom management and research methods courses, and supervising graduate research projects. His educational research has focused on evolution education in parochial schools.

Rebecca Stanton

Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Programs & Senior Director of Teacher Credential Programs
Dr. Rebecca Stanton has been teaching in the School of Education at Concordia since 2005, specializing in secondary teaching methods, classroom management, and differentiated instruction. As a university supervisor of student teachers and as a parent volunteer, she has spent innumerable hours in K-12 classrooms. Her sons' special needs have inspired her interest in how the brain learns and how to set up positive, inclusive learning environments. She presents on various teaching strategies at local, regional, and national conferences.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you — not just your performance — and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

EDUCATION FACULTY

Get In Touch

For more information about any of the many rewarding education programs at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

education@cui.edu
(949) 854-8002 ext. 1355

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

