ial – Awarded August 2003, CUI - Supplementary Authorization: English/Literature
Areas of Expertise
Educational Technology
Innovative, Technology-based Tools
Enhancement Strategies for K-12 Curriculum
Brain-Based Teaching and Learning
Curriculum Design and Assessment
Coping with Stress and Violence
Social and Emotional Learning/Mental Health Support
Child, Family, and Community
Mueller, Kathy
Administrative Assistant to the Dean/Assistant Director of Events and Partnerships
kathy.mueller@cui.edu
Administrative Assistant to the Dean/Assistant Director of Events and Partnerships
Rodrigues, Charlie
Coordinator, MOUs & Faculty Onboarding
charlie.rodrigues@cui.edu
Coordinator, MOUs & Faculty Onboarding
Biography

Prior to his full time faculty appointment, Charlie Rodrigues most recently served Concordia University Irvine as Assistant Registrar in addition to his adjunct faculty role in the M.A. Education program. His doctoral research is investigating the effectiveness of the onboarding process for incoming full and part time university faculty. As a proud alum of Concordia for both undergraduate and graduate degrees, he also spent 10 years as an educator in public and Lutheran schools. His breadth of experience will serve him well as he will be teaching in the M.A. Education and teacher credential programs. Charlie and his wife Melissa – also an educator – are raising two active boys (ages 6 and 2) and attend Bethany Lutheran Church in Long Beach. They enjoy spending time with extended family, reading, and traveling.

Schlichtemeier, Kent
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
kent.schlichtemeier@cui.edu
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, University of California, Los Angeles
M.A., Denver University
B.A., Concordia Teachers College, Seward, NE
Biography

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier is a teacher. He started his teaching career in 1978 teaching 6th-8th grades in Oxnard, CA. After completing his Master’s degree at Denver University in 1984, he continued his teaching career at the high school level in Orlando, FL. Dr. Schlichtemeier served in the School of Education at Concordia University, Irvine from 1988-2003 where he mentored future teachers. In addition to teaching at Concordia, Dr. Schlichtemeier was the women’s basketball coach until retiring in 1993 to pursue his doctorate degree. During the final two seasons of his tenure as coach, the Lady Eagle Basketball team made two consecutive appearances at the NAIA National Basketball Tournament after winning the Golden State Athletic Conference Championships. Dr. Schlichtemeier was voted the District Three NAIA Coach of the Year in 1992 and 1993 and was voted into the Concordia Athletic Hall of Fame in 2006. Dr. Schlichtemeier has served as a teacher and assistant principal at Orange Lutheran High School from 2003-2007, before returning to teach at Concordia University. He enjoys frequent opportunities to speak at sports banquets, school graduations, athletic camps, teacher conferences, and leadership retreats.

Areas of Expertise
Instructional Leadership
Curriculum and Instruction
Assessment
Organizational Culture
School Climate
Instructional Leadership
Action Research
Schulteis, Michael
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Credential Programs | Director of M.Ed. | Professor of Science Education
michael.schulteis@cui.edu
Professor of Science Education | Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Credential Programs | Director of M.Ed. | Professor of Science Education

Dr. Michael Schulteis has been a full-time faculty member in the School of Education since 2003 specializing in science and math education, teaching instructional methods, classroom management and research methods courses, and supervising graduate research projects. His educational research has focused on evolution education in parochial schools.

Dr. Schulteis is currently a mentor for the American Meteorological Society Datastreme program. He also conducts seminars and makes presentations to educators across the United States and from Korea, Japan, China, South Africa, and Australia on such topics as instructional methods and evolution education. Prior to arriving at Concordia University, Dr. Schulteis taught multiple subjects at the junior high and senior high school levels.

Education
ScEdD, Doctor of Science Education, Curtin University of Technology, Perth, Western Australia
M.A., Curriculum and Instruction, Concordia University Irvine
B.A., Biology, Concordia University Irvine
Areas of Expertise
Curriculum
Instructional Strategies
Common Core Standards
School Climate
Assessment of Programs and Student Learning
Statistics
Qualitative Methods
Science Education
Quantitative Methods
Action Research
Lutheran Education
International Teaching
Seng, MaryAnn
Full Time Faculty, PPS Programs
maryann.seng@cui.edu
Full Time Faculty, PPS Programs
Degrees Earned
PHD in Education (School Psychology emphasis) from Chapman University - 2020
M.A. in School Counseling and