https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/maed/school-psychology/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

MAED: School Psychology

Program Design 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Meetings
Contact 
Apply Now
Curriculum
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATION: SCHOOL PSYCHOLOGY
Curriculum

The M.A.Ed in School Psychology with Pupil Personnel Services (PPS) Credential requires a minimum of 60 units. Coursework focuses on the skills you need to work as a school psychologist in diverse school settings, teaching you how to coordinate appropriate interventions and conduct evaluations for students of concern and/or students with disabilities. You’ll also engage in concurrent fieldwork to give you vital, hands-on experience at school.  

The program is offered in both blended and fully online formats. Each term, cohorts will complete one course every eight weeks. If you choose the blended option, you’ll meet on our Irvine campus. Online students will attend synchronously.

These classes take place once a week, every other week, from 6:00-7:30 p.m. The other four weeks of the term (weeks 2, 4, 6, and 8), you’ll work online asynchronously. Through an online learning management system, you’ll actively engage with other students by participating in online discussions and collaborating on group activities

By the end of the program, you’ll be thoroughly prepared to pass the National School Psychology Examination (Praxis) 5403 exam. 

CORE COURSES
60 Units
EDP 501: Foundations of School Psychology
3

This course will introduce candidates to the profession of school psychology. Candidates will have knowledge of the history and foundations of school psychology and knowledge of multiple service models and methods. Candidates will have core foundational knowledge about best practices and strategies in professional practice as servant leaders in school psychology. 

EDP 503: Child Development & Learning
3

This course is designed to provide educational foundations, including human growth and development, learning theory, and academic achievement. Candidates will also have knowledge of human development across the lifespan as well as factors that impede development.

EDP 505: Legal, Ethical, & Professional Practice
3

Candidates will have core foundational knowledge and experiences to implement best practices and strategies in legal, ethical, and professional practice. Candidates will have knowledge of the ethical, legal, and professional standards; and other factors related to professional identity and effective practice as school psychologists, demonstrating professional disposition, responsibility, adaptability, initiative, and self-care.

EDP 507: Measurement, Data, & Interpretation
3

Candidates will have core foundational knowledge and experiences to implement practices and strategies in research and program evaluation. Candidates will have knowledge of research design, statistics, measurement, varied data collection and analysis techniques, and program evaluation methods sufficient for understanding research and interpreting data in applied settings. Candidates will learn various techniques and technology resources for data collection, measurement, analysis, and program evaluation. 

EDP 509: Diverse Populations
3

Candidates will have knowledge of individual differences and research related to diversity factors for children, and identify evidence-based strategies to enhance services and address potential influences related to diversity. Candidates will demonstrate skills to provide professional services that promote effective functioning for individuals, families, and schools with diverse characteristics, cultures, and backgrounds and across multiple contexts. Candidates will learn how to respect diversity in child development and advocate for equity in all aspects of service delivery.

EDP 510: Academic Interventions
3

Candidates will have knowledge of direct interventions that focus on academic interventions for children and families. Candidates will have knowledge of psychobiological, cultural, dual language learners and social influences on academic skills; human learning, cognitive, and developmental processes; and evidence-based curriculum and instructional strategies. Candidates will demonstrate skills to use assessment and data-collection methods and to implement and evaluate services that support cognitive and academic skills. 

EDP 512: Collaborative Consultation
3

Candidates will have knowledge of varied methods of consultation, collaboration, and communication applicable to individuals, families, groups, school staff, and community agencies across academic, behavioral and social/emotional domains. Candidates will learn evidence-based strategies to support family influences on children’s learning, socialization, and mental health.

EDP 518: Behavioral Interventions
3

Candidates will have knowledge of principles and research