https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/education/special-education-teacher
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now

Undergraduate Education Program

Education Programs 
Prospective Students 
Current Students
Handbook
Contact Us
SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHERS
Undergraduate Educational Programs
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Earn Your Education Specialist (EDSP) Credential

In California, a person studying to be a special education teacher will work toward obtaining an Education Specialist (EDSP) credential. This credential allows you to teach a variety of subjects to students K-22. Concordia students earn the Mild to Moderate Support Needs credential, which includes specific learning disabilities, mild-to-moderate intellectual disabilities, other health impairment, serious emotional disturbance, and authorizes service in grades K–12 and in classes organized primarily for adults through age 22.  Information about this credential can be found on the CTC website.

Credential coursework can be done as part of your undergraduate degree, meaning you can finish your bachelor’s degree and credential at the same time. Some universities have this as a “blended” program. We think it is just good sense. It will take 4-5 years, depending on the pace you set for becoming a teacher.

Concordia's Liberal Studies major is part of California's Elementary Subject Matter Preparation (ESM) program. Therefore, Concordia students in this major who pursue the Multiple Subject credential will not be required to take the California Subject Examination Test (CSET).

If you wish to teach Special Education at the secondary (grades 6-12) level, some school districts will require that you also earn a Single Subject credential in the specific content area. That can be done after earning your preliminary EDSP credential.

If you want to teach in a Lutheran school, you can obtain your Lutheran Teacher Certificate through Concordia. This can be done with your undergraduate major and credential coursework.

Admissions Requirements

Admission to the Teacher Education program comes in two parts. You must first be accepted as a student through the University Admissions application process. A separate application for the School of Education will be done once you have started the introductory education classes.

The State of California requires that all candidates for teacher credentials complete and pass state-approved tests and assessments before certification no matter which school you attend. Concordia’s Liberal Studies major will prepare you for these exams.

For transfer students to Concordia, read more here.

Student Teaching and Placements for EDSP Candidates.

Read more about transfer students to Concordia University Irvine.

Why get your credential at Concordia University Irvine? Read what our graduates have to say.

Learn about your future professors in the School of Education Faculty profiles.

Questions? Send an email or call at 949-214-3350.

I chose Concordia’s teacher education program because I wanted to be able to integrate my faith and career choice. Concordia has allowed me to grow in both aspects of my life.

Sara Gonzales

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Curriculum
GRAPHIC DESIGN EMPHASIS
24 Units
ARTG 261: Graphic Design I
3

This studio art course will give students an introduction to the study of graphic design, as they are exposed to the history of visual communication, typography, advertising, and learn how to identify the elements and principles of design by creating image and text related projects. Students will also develop skills using the digital techniques of scanning, typographic adjustments, vector drawing, exporting, and printing. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester.


ARTG 270: Digital Publishing
3

In this course students will develop page layout skills utilizing composition and typographic principles while learning to use Adobe InDesign and the creation of images in Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Photoshop, including text to produce flyers, posters, newsletters, magazines, brochures, calendars, etc. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester.


ARTG 271: Digital Image Manipulation
3

Students will become proficient using Adobe Photoshop in this course, including its applications in graphic design, advertising, web design, animation, and multimedia. Examination of the ways in which complex ideas and messages can be interpreted and represented in visual form will also be included. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall semester.


ARTG 272: Digital Illustration
3

In this course students will acquire type manipulation and digital illustration skills through exercises, demonstrations, and practical assignments using Adobe Illustrator, including the development of an individualized artistic process to produce digital