on
Co-Director of Undergraduate Teacher Education Programs and Senior Director of Teacher Credential Programs

Dr. Rebecca Stanton has been teaching in the School of Education at Concordia since 2005, specializing in secondary teaching methods, classroom management, and differentiated instruction. As a university supervisor of student teachers and as a parent volunteer, she has spent innumerable hours in K-12 classrooms. Her sons' special needs have inspired her interest in how the brain learns and how to set up positive, inclusive learning environments. She presents on various teaching strategies at local, regional, and national conferences.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

EDUCATION FACULTY
TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Student Teaching and Placements

Student teaching is the culminating experience of the credential program. This is a full-time experience in two classroom settings for an entire semester (18 weeks). Generally, fall student teaching ends mid-January and spring student teaching ends mid-June. Education Specialist candidates will have two student teaching placements in different EDSP settings.

Learn more about Student Teaching and Placements for EDSP Candidates.

 

Get in Touch

For more information about any of the many rewarding education programs at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

education@cui.edu

(949) 214-3350

 

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

