https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/maed/school-psychology/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

MAED: School Psychology

Program Design 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Meetings
Contact 
Apply Now
Faculty
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATION: SCHOOL PSYCHOLOGY
Albrecht, Kellie L.
Assistant Dean, School of Education
kellie.albrecht@cui.edu
Assistant Dean | Senior Director of the Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership Program

Dr. Kellie Albrecht is the Assistant Dean for the School of Education, Senior Director of the Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership program, and a Professor of Education. She is responsible for Ed.D. program operations, program development and improvement, faculty training, curriculum development and assessment, and advising doctoral students with their dissertation research. Dr. Albrecht served as the Chair of the Educational Effectiveness Committee (EEC), a member of the Academic Council and Institutional Review Board (IRB).

Prior to teaching in higher education, Dr. Albrecht was an elementary school educator having taught in grades 1, 4, 5, and 6. Dr. Albrecht's experience teaching in urban schools sparked her passion for educating in diverse settings. Her experience working with culturally diverse and underrepresented children led to an interest in English language development and differentiated instructional practices. Additionally, Dr. Albrecht is the mother of four children, her oldest being identical twin boys. Dr. Albrecht's doctoral dissertation was an interpretive phenomenological analysis focused on identifying twins as a cultural group, which investigated individual needs for educating twins. The dissertation is titled, Beyond Bonded Voices: A Qualitative Study with Adult Monozygotic (Identical) Twins.

Dr. Albrecht's experience in higher education includes MAED program development and improvement, faculty training and professional development, advising graduate and postgraduate qualitative research projects, teaching undergraduate, graduate, and multiple and single subject credential courses, supervising student teachers in the field, assessing teaching performance assessments (TPAs), and facilitating TPA student workshops.

Areas of Expertise
Qualitative Research Methodologies: Action Research, Grounded Theory, Interpretive
Phenomenological Analysis, Case Study
Twins’ Research
Differentiated Instructional Practices
English Language Development
Classroom Management
Curriculum Design, Assessment, and Evaluation
Distance Learning: Online Asynchronous & Synchronous, Blended/Hybrid
Program/Course Development, Design, and Improvement
Technological Pedagogy
Briner, Jamie
Lead Graduate Advisor | Credential Analyst
jamie.briner@cui.edu
Lead Graduate Advisor | Credential Analyst
Churney, Heather
Director, MAED PPS Programs
heather.churney@cui.edu
Director, MAED PPS Programs
Biography

Heather Churney serves as Program Director for School Counseling in the School of Education. She began her career as a school counselor in Lutheran Education in 2010 and has continued her career in Secondary School Counseling in Arizona where she and her family reside. She has had the opportunity to build two high school counseling programs from the ground up, which gave her a unique experience in program development. Her experience is mostly in 9-12 grade in the areas of personal/social development, academic, college/career guidance and crisis management. The Lord has given her a passion for working with teens and she loves to mentor the next generation of school counselors. She has served as an Adjunct Faculty with Concordia University since 2019, has served as a Subject Matter Expert, served as a fieldwork/practicum supervisor and assisted in course writing. Heather enjoys spending time with her husband Robert, and two children, Collin and Hailee. She is active in her church, Risen Savior Lutheran, and has a heart for women's ministry. 

Doyle, Lori
Director, M.A. Educational Leadership 
lori.doyle@cui.edu
Director, M.A. Educational Leadership
Biography

My career in education began at the high school level and I enjoyed years of teaching English and theology classes. My posts as ASB advisor and basketball coach provided additional ways to connect with my students. A couple years as the school's communications director came at the same time I began teaching for Concordia University, Irvine, in 2002. At that time, I taught in the CUAccelerate program which is a hybrid on-campus and online program. A move to Arizona led to five years of instruction for University of Phoenix where I taught a range of writing courses to include expository, research, and technical writing. While I enjoyed that post, I decided to pursue courses in the field of education and started teaching for Grand Canyon University in both their graduate and undergraduate programs. In 2012, I was thrilled to join the CUI ranks again a