istance Learning
Reflective Teaching Practices
Tarbutton, Tanya
Senior Director, MA Programs
tanya.tarbutton@cui.edu
Senior Director, MA Programs
Biography

Dr. Tanya Tarbutton serves as an Assistant Professor of Education and Program Director for MAED, School Administration emphasis. Prior to joining Concordia University, Dr. Tarbutton worked as a supervisor and instructor at several higher education institutions in Southern California, mentoring and supporting new administrators and teachers. In this capacity she evaluated and prepared administrative candidates as well as teacher candidates for teaching and learning in the 21st Century. Dr. Tarbutton has also participated on Academic Advisory Boards focused on transformational change and presented at international conferences. Before entering higher education, Dr. Tarbutton worked as a site based school administrator, resource teacher and general education teacher. As an immigrant, she brings a unique perspective grounded in more than 20 years of career experience.

Education
Ed.D, Educational Leadership & Management, Alliant International University, San Diego, CA.
M.A., School Administration, Azusa Pacific University, Azusa, CA.
M.A., Curriculum and Instruction, Azusa Pacific University, Azusa, CA.
B.A., Elementary Education, Acadia University, Nova Scotia, Canada
B.A., Sociology Acadia University, Nova Scotia, Canada
Areas of Expertise
Curriculum Development and Alignment
Mentorship and Support of Administrators and Teachers
Instructional Platforms and Strategies
Vezner, Heather
Dean, School of Education | Assistant Professor of Education
heather.vezner@cui.edu
Dean, School of Education | Assistant Professor of Education
Biography

Dr. Heather Vezner first began her teaching career in 1993 as an early childhood teacher. She has now served as an educator for 30 years. Her experiences include being an early childhood and elementary education teacher, early childhood program administrator, and parent educator for a grant-funded early education program. She first came to Concordia University Irvine in 2009 as the Field Experience Coordinator and CalTPA Assistant Coordinator. She has also served as Director of Student Teaching, Director of Preliminary Teacher Credential Programs, Assistant Dean, and currently serves as Dean of the School of Education. Her areas of research and expertise include early childhood education, literacy development, mentoring, teacher preparation, and leadership development.  Thanks be to God for the opportunity to serve and support students in their calling to become educational leaders who make a positive impact in our school communities.

Teaching Credentials and Certificates
Ed.D. - Organizational Leadership, Northeastern University, Boston, 2022
California Multiple Subject Clear Teaching Credential, 2009
Illinois Early Childhood Teaching Credential, 2007
M.A. - Early Childhood Education, Concordia University, Chicago, 1996
Illinois Elementary Education Teaching Credential, 1993
B.A. - Elementary Education, Concordia University, Chicago, 1993
Webb, Catherine
Director, MAED Educational Administration
catherine.webb@cui.edu
Professor
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Instructional Leadership, Argosy University, 2007
MAEd., Supervision and Administration, University of Phoenix, 2002
B. A., History, University of California, Los Angeles, 1995
B. A., Geography/Environmental Studies, University of California, Los Angeles, 1995
Biography

Dr. Catherine Webb is a Professor of Education and Coordinator of the California Administrator Performance Assessment (CalAPA). She serves on the Institutional Review Board at Concordia University Irvine and is the Subject Matter Expert for EDUA 516, EDUA 517, EDUA 561, EDUA562 and EDUA563 (5 of the 8 Administrative courses in the MAEd. program). Dr. Webb serves as a generalist currently teaching Education Technology, Administration, and Curriculum and Instruction courses in the MAEd program as well as Dissertation Seminars for the Doctoral Program.

Dr. Webb served as a K-8 teacher, special education teacher, site administrator, and district administrator for over 15 years in California and Arizona. She holds a Clear Administrative Services credential and Clear Teaching credential in both states. Dr. Webb defended her dissertation on the efficacy of professional learning communities and the impact school improvement initiatives have on student academic achievement. Dr. Webb’s expertise lies in curriculum, Instruction and assessment, administration, and technology. Dr. Webb served as a consultant and professional development presenter, serving school districts nationwide. Dr. Webb has worked in Higher Education since 2007.

Areas of Expertise
Technology
21st century Teaching and Learning
Classroom Management
Instructional Leadership
Curriculum, Instruction, and Assessment
Diverse Learners
School Improvement
Common Core Standards
Action Research
APA
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
