resentations to educators across the United States and from Korea, Japan, China, South Africa, and Australia on such topics as instructional methods and evolution education. Prior to arriving at Concordia University, Dr. Schulteis taught multiple subjects at the junior high and senior high school levels.

Education
ScEdD, Doctor of Science Education, Curtin University of Technology, Perth, Western Australia
M.A., Curriculum and Instruction, Concordia University Irvine
B.A., Biology, Concordia University Irvine
Areas of Expertise
Curriculum
Instructional Strategies
Common Core Standards
School Climate
Assessment of Programs and Student Learning
Statistics
Qualitative Methods
Science Education
Quantitative Methods
Action Research
Lutheran Education
International Teaching
Seng, MaryAnn
Full Time Faculty, PPS Programs
maryann.seng@cui.edu
Full Time Faculty, PPS Programs
Degrees Earned
PHD in Education (School Psychology emphasis) from Chapman University - 2020
M.A. in School Counseling and M.A. in School Psychology from Chapman University - 1999
B.A. in Psychology from Biola University - 1996
Biography

Dr. MaryAnn Seng is a professor of education in the area of school counseling. Prior to her arrival at Concordia University, Seng was a counselor briefly and a school psychologist for 20 years in the Long Beach Unified School District. Her roles in the district included being a bilingual consultant (for the Khmer language), crisis team member, and the coordinator of the school psychology internship program. She also served as a faculty coordinator/counselor at Webster University's Irvine campus. Her knowledge of the Khmer language/culture allowed her to be a community member advisor to the Long Beach Police Department and the Department of Mental Health's Asian Unit for several years. She is currently a board member of the Pediatric Arthritis and Lupus Foundation. Her current research interest involves the educational needs of children with medical conditions.

Stuewe, Yvette
Assistant Professor of Education
yvette.stuewe@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Education

Assistant Professor Yvette Stuewe teaches courses in the MA and Teacher Credential programs. Professor Stuewe has served in Lutheran education for 28 years. Her educational experience spans across St. John’s Lutheran School, Orange Lutheran High School, and Concordia University Irvine. In addition to 27 years of classroom experience, Professor Stuewe served in various leadership roles including Curriculum Leadership Chair, Induction mentor, Induction Assistant Lead Mentor for the Orange County Department of Education Private School Cohort, Conference Presenter, President of the Lutheran Educators Conference Committee, Director of Curriculum, WASC Visiting Team Member, and Associate Director of Orange Lutheran Online. In February of 2023, she presented at the national Digital Learning Annual Conference (DLAC) in Austin, Texas.

Professor Stuewe was part of a team that piloted a one-to-one middle school laptop program, and she taught in a one-to-one setting for fourteen years, gaining experience with many different learning platforms and digital tools. She is a National Board Certified Teacher. She truly sees teaching as an art and values reflective teaching practices. Not only does she find passion in crafting effective lessons and building relationships with students, she also finds great value in collaborating with other educators. Professor Stuewe is currently working towards a doctorate in Instructional Technology and Distance Education from Nova Southeastern University.

Education
EdD Candidate: Instructional Technology and Distance Education, Nova Southeastern University
M.A. Curriculum and Instruction,Concordia University Irvine
Multiple Subject Teaching Credential, Concordia University Irvine
B.S. Bachelor of Science, History, University of California, Santa Barbara
Areas of Expertise
Instructional Design
Planning and Assessment
Instructional Technology
Online and Distance Learning
Reflective Teaching Practices
Tarbutton, Tanya
Senior Director, MA Programs
tanya.tarbutton@cui.edu
Senior Director, MA Programs
Biography

Dr. Tanya Tarbutton serves as an Assistant Professor of Education and Program Director for MAED, School Administration emphasis. Prior to joining Concordia University, Dr. Tarbutton worked as a supervisor and instructor at several higher education institutions in Southern California, mentoring and supporting new administrators and teachers. In this capacity she evaluated and prepared administrative candidates as well as teacher candidates for teaching and learning in the 21st Century. Dr. Tarbutton has also participated on Academic Advisory Boards focused on transformational change and presented at international conferences. Before entering higher education, Dr. Tarbutton worked as a site based school administrator, resource teacher and general education teacher. As an immigrant, she brings a unique perspective grounded in more tha