https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/educational-leadership/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

M.A. Educational Leadership

Curriculum
Specializations 
Handbook
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Events 
Contact 
Apply Now
CURRICULUM
Master of Arts in Educational Leadership
Curriculum / Course Descriptions

The Master of Arts in Educational Leadership is a 30-unit program, split into 15 units of core courses and 15 units of specialization courses.

The program offers two specializations: Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics; and Cognition, Motivation, and Development. Students may enroll in either specialization to earn a 15-unit Graduate Education Certificate or may complete the specialization as part of their 30-unit M.A. in Educational Leadership.

Explore the SEL Graduate Certificate or the Cognition, Motivation, and Development Graduate Certificate.

CORE COURSES
EDEL 510: Servant Leadership
3

This course will present the value of incorporating the servant leadership model into one’s repertoire as an educational leader today. Students will identify key characteristics and strategies that will enhance their legacy as a leader who galvanizes positive changes in the lives of students, colleagues, parents, and the overall school culture.

EDEL 540: School Law and Public Policy
3

This course will examine education-related legal disputes in K-12 and higher education levels. Examples of topics to be explored include: campus safety and privacy, student freedom of expression, cyberbullying, religion in schools, technology concerns, race-conscious policies, school sports, teacher tenure, due process, special education, and rights of undocumented students.

EDEL 550: Contemporary Cultural and Political Issues in Education
3

This course will provide an overview of the social, cultural, and political issues and trends that affect the leadership in today’s American schools. Students will learn to view polemical issues from multiple vantage points to better understand the diverse perspectives that permeate society today and then lead with wisdom, honor, and character.

EDEL 580: Educational Research
3

This course will provide students with an introduction to educational research by exploring problems or issues in education, qualitative research methods, and analyzing research articles. Students will learn the essentials needed to carry out the research process and begin their capstone project to be completed in EDEL 605.

EDEL 605: Capstone Project
3

This course will enable students to finalize their capstone project. Students will triangulate data using critical self-reflection, credible literature, and observations as a method to respond to an educational problem or issue in education. Upon completion of the written project, students will orally present their capstone project in class.

SOCIAL-EMOTIONAL LEARNING, CHARACTER, AND ETHICS SPECIALIZATION
EDCE 533: SEL Core Competencies
3

This course will provide a fundamental overview of the profound benefits that are derived by explicitly including a social emotional learning (SEL) program into the school curriculum to reduce stress and anxiety, promote well-being, enhance relationships, and promote safety and personal health. Specific strategies will be examined to help students acquire the following: social skills, social awareness skills, social decision-making and problem-solving skills, self-awareness skills, and self-management skills. 

EDCE 541: Mental Health Issues in Today’s Schools
3

This course prepares candidates with the ability to provide an initial assessment of a student's mental health needs and make the appropriate referrals within and external to the school site. Candidates will learn to counsel and address mental health needs of students during times of transition, separation, or heightened stress, and how to access community services that assist all student needs. Additionally, candidates will be able to develop, implement, and monitor prevention, education, and intervention programs, including but not limited to behavior disorders, eating disorders, substance abuse, sexual abuse, and suicide.

EDCE 543: Managing Classroom and School-Wide Behavior
3

This course will help leaders in education develop a proactive approach to preventing and solving problem behavior on a school-wide basis through effective instructional programs and staff development. Specific strategies will be examined on how to teach appropriate behavior, motivate the apathetic, and reinforce those who exhibit positive behavior. 

EDCE 553: Building Character and Ethics in Today’s Schools
3

This course will provide clear rationale for intentionally incorporating a comprehensive character education program in today’s schools and proactive strategies to help students understand the urgency and relevancy of internalizing ethical values such as respect, honesty, justi