https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/educational-leadership/social-emotional-learning-characters-and-ethics
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

M.A. Educational Leadership

Curriculum
Specializations 
Handbook
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Events 
Contact 
Apply Now
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATIONAL LEADERSHIP (MAEL): SOCIAL EMOTIONAL LEARNING, CHARACTER, AND ETHICS
Servant Leadership Institute | School of Education
GET STARTED 
Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics Specialization

Social emotional learning (SEL) skills are critical to students’ educational development. In fact, 99% of principals see SEL as important and teachable, according to the Collaborative for Academic, Social, and Emotional Learning (CASEL). Developing self-awareness, self-control, and interpersonal skills are vital for success in school and beyond.

Concordia University Irvine’s Master of Arts in Educational Leadership with specialization in Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics embodies the principles of servant leadership and the practices of social emotional learning to train leaders who can meet students’ mental, social, emotional, and educational needs. At Concordia, we bring a unique approach to SEL that blends leading practices with a special focus on character and ethics, so educators can foster learning environments where all their students can thrive.

APPLY NOW

Distinguishing between MAEL Programs
Request Information
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
State 
- Select state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
U.S. Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
American Samoa
Federated States of Micronesia
Guam
Marshall Islands
Palau
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
ZIP Code 
Program of Interest 
- Select a program
Master of Arts in Educational Leadership: Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics
Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics (SEL) Certificate
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Curriculum
CORE COURSES
EDEL 510: Servant Leadership
3

This course will present the value of incorporating the servant leadership model into one’s repertoire as an educational leader today. Students will identify key characteristics and strategies that will enhance their legacy as a leader who galvanizes positive changes in the lives of students, colleagues, parents, and the overall school culture.

EDEL 540: School Law and Public Policy
3

This course will examine education-related legal disputes in K-12 and higher education levels. Examples of topics to be explored include: campus safety and privacy, student freedom of expression, cyberbullying, religion in schools, technology concerns, race-conscious policies, school sports, teacher tenure, due process, special education, and rights of undocumented students.

EDEL 550: Contemporary Cultural and Political Issues in Education
3

This course will provide an overview of the social, cultural, and political issues and trends that affect the leadership in today’s American schools. Students will learn to view polemical issues from multiple vantage points to better understand the diverse perspectives that permeate society today and then lead with wisdom, honor, and character.

EDEL 580: Educational Research
3

This course will provide students with an introduction to educational research by exploring problems or issues in education, qualitative research methods, and analyzing research articles. Students will learn the essentials needed to carry out the research process and begin their capstone project to be completed in EDEL 605.

EDEL 605: Capstone Project
3

This course will enable students to finalize their capstone project. Students will triangulate data using critical self-reflection, credible literature, and observations as a method to respond to an educational problem or issue in education. Upon completion of the written project, students will orally present their capstone project in class.

SOCIAL-EMOTIONAL LEARNING, CHARACTER, AND ETHICS SPECIALIZATION
EDCE 533: SEL Core Competencies
3

This course will provide a fundamental overview of the profound benefits that are derived by explicitly including a social emotional learning (SEL) program into the school curriculum to reduce stress and anxiety, promote well-being, enhance relationships, and promote safety and personal health. Specific strategies will be examined to help students acquire the following: social skills, social awareness skills, social decision-making and problem-solving skills, self-awareness skills, and self-management skills. 

EDCE 541: Mental Health Issues in Today’s Schools
3

This course prepares candidates with the ability to provide an initial assessment of a student's mental health needs and make the appropriate referrals within and external to the school site. Candidates will learn to counsel and address mental health needs of students during times of transition, separation, or heightened stress, and how to access community services that assist all student needs. Additionally, candidates will be able to develop, implement, and monitor prevention, education, and intervention programs, including but not limited to behavior disorders, eating disorders, substance abuse, sexual abuse, and suicide.

EDCE 543: Managing Classroom and School-Wide Behavior
3

This course will help leaders in education develop a proactive approach to preventing and solving problem behavior on a school-wide basis through effective instructional programs and staff development. Specific strategies will be examined on how to teach appropriate behavior, motivate the apathetic, and reinforce those who exhibit positive behavior. 

EDCE 553: Building Character and Ethics in Today’s Schools
3

This course will provide clear rationale for intentionally incorporating a comprehensive character education program in today’s schools and proactive strategies to help students understand the urgency and relevancy of internalizing ethical values such as respect, honesty, justice, civic virtue, compassion, and kindness into their core as people of integrity. The benefits to schools that incorporate character education programs will be examined such as: higher academic performance, improved attendance, reduced violence, fewer disciplinary issues, and overall improvement in children’s emotional, moral, and intellectual development. 

EDCE 561: Trauma-Informed Practices
3

This course prepares candidates to define a crisis, identify the appropriate responses, and develop a variety of intervention strategies to meet the needs of the individual, group, or school community before, during, and after crisis response. Students will demonstrate knowledge of trauma-informed care processes including but not limited to addressing social/emotional & mental health, needs, crises, and traumas that are barriers to student achievement. 

Faculty

Concordia University has a strong faculty of experienced Christian educators who are faithful to the university’s mission to “empower students. . . for lives of learning, service, and leadership.” Our students benefit from educators who embrace the tenets of servant leadership and treat students with respect while pushing them to reach their full potential.

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier
Professor & Servant Leadership Institute Director

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier started his teaching career in 1978 and transitioned from secondary to collegiate education in 1988. Dr. Schlichtemeier served as a professor in the School of Education at Concordia University Irvine from 1988-2003 where he mentored future teachers while also completing his doctorate in Educational Leadership at UCLA in 1996. Dr. Schlichtemeier served as a teacher and Assistant Principal at Orange Lutheran High School from 2003-2007 before returning to teach at Concordia, serving as Dean of the School of Education, and founding the Servant Leadership Institute.

Dr. Lori Doyle
Associate Professor and MAEL Director

Dr. Lori Doyle works as Associate Professor of Education at Concordia University Irvine where she serves as Director of the Master of Arts in Educational Leadership program and Assistant Director of the Servant Leadership Institute. She has completed and managed extensive curriculum development projects at the university and serves as Subject Matter Expert for courses in multiple MA programs. Working as an instructor also keeps her mindful of relevant and changing trends in education. Lori has taught at several universities over the past twenty-two years, but her career began as a high school English and theology teacher and curriculum writer. She holds a California Clear Credential in Secondary Education, MAEd in Curriculum and Instruction, and a PhD in Psychology with an emphasis in Cognition. Her areas of research interest are adult education, Biblical contexts, leadership, curriculum, Social Emotional Learning, and faculty mental health.

VIEW ALL FACULTY

Related Programs

Concordia’s Graduate School of Education offers four graduate certificates, five distinctive master's degrees, and a Doctorate of Education (EdD) in Leadership. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. Concordia’s School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their careers.

Master of Arts in Education: Curriculum & Instruction
Master of Arts in Education: Educational Administration
Master of Arts in Education: Learning, Design, and Technology
Master of Arts in Education: School Counseling
Advanced Graduate Certificates
Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

