https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/educational-leadership/social-emotional-learning-characters-and-ethics
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

M.A. Educational Leadership

Curriculum
Specializations 
Handbook
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Events 
Contact 
Apply Now
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATIONAL LEADERSHIP (MAEL): SOCIAL EMOTIONAL LEARNING, CHARACTER, AND ETHICS
Servant Leadership Institute | School of Education
GET STARTED 
Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics Specialization

Social emotional learning (SEL) skills are critical to students’ educational development. In fact, 99% of principals see SEL as important and teachable, according to the Collaborative for Academic, Social, and Emotional Learning (CASEL). Developing self-awareness, self-control, and interpersonal skills are vital for success in school and beyond.

Concordia University Irvine’s Master of Arts in Educational Leadership with specialization in Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics embodies the principles of servant leadership and the practices of social emotional learning to train leaders who can meet students’ mental, social, emotional, and educational needs. At Concordia, we bring a unique approach to SEL that blends leading practices with a special focus on character and ethics, so educators can foster learning environments where all their students can thrive.

APPLY NOW

Distinguishing between MAEL Programs
Request Information
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
State 
- Select state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
U.S. Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
American Samoa
Federated States of Micronesia
Guam
Marshall Islands
Palau
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
ZIP Code 
Program of Interest 
- Select a program
Master of Arts in Educational Leadership: Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics
Social Emotional Learning, Character, and Ethics (SEL) Certificate
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Curriculum
CORE COURSES
EDEL 510: Servant Leadership
3

This course will present the value of incorporating the servant leadership model into one’s repertoire as an educational leader today. Students will identify key characteristics and strategies that will enhance their legacy as a leader who galvanizes positive changes in the lives of students, colleagues, parents, and the overall school culture.

EDEL 540: School Law and Public Policy
3

This course will examine education-related legal disputes in K-12 and higher education levels. Examples of topics to be explored include: campus safety and privacy, student freedom of expression, cyberbullying, religion in schools, technology concerns, race-conscious policies, school sports, teacher tenure, due process, special education, and rights of undocumented students.

EDEL 550: Contemporary Cultural and Political Issues in Education
3

This course will provide an overview of the social, cultural, and political issues and trends that affect the leadership in today’s American schools. Students will learn to view polemical issues from multiple vantage points to better understand the diverse perspectives that permeate society today and then lead with wisdom, honor, and character.

EDEL 580: Educational Research
3

This course will provide students with an introduction to educational research by exploring problems or issues in education, qualitative research methods, and analyzing research articles. Students will learn the essentials needed to carry out the research process and begin their capstone project to be completed in EDEL 605.

EDEL 605: Capstone Project
3

This course will enable students to finalize their capstone project. Students will triangulate data using critical self-reflection, credible literature, and observations as a method to respond to an educational problem or issue in education. Upon completion of the written project, students will orally present their capstone project in class.

SOCIAL-EMOTIONAL LEARNING, CHARACTER, AND ETHICS SPECIALIZATION
EDCE 533: SEL Core Competencies
3

This course will provide a fundamental overview of the profound benefits that are derived by explicitly including a social emotional learning (SEL) program into the school curriculum to reduce stress and anxiety,