er and Assistant Principal at Orange Lutheran High School from 2003-2007 before returning to teach at Concordia, serving as Dean of the School of Education, and founding the Servant Leadership Institute.

Dr. Lori Doyle
Associate Professor and MAEL Director

Dr. Lori Doyle works as Associate Professor of Education at Concordia University Irvine where she serves as Director of the Master of Arts in Educational Leadership program and Assistant Director of the Servant Leadership Institute. She has completed and managed extensive curriculum development projects at the university and serves as Subject Matter Expert for courses in multiple MA programs. Working as an instructor also keeps her mindful of relevant and changing trends in education. Lori has taught at several universities over the past twenty-two years, but her career began as a high school English and theology teacher and curriculum writer. She holds a California Clear Credential in Secondary Education, MAEd in Curriculum and Instruction, and a PhD in Psychology with an emphasis in Cognition. Her areas of research interest are adult education, Biblical contexts, leadership, curriculum, Social Emotional Learning, and faculty mental health.

VIEW ALL FACULTY

Related Programs

Concordia’s Graduate School of Education offers four graduate certificates, five distinctive master's degrees, and a Doctorate of Education (EdD) in Leadership. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. Concordia’s School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their careers.

Master of Arts in Education: Curriculum & Instruction
Master of Arts in Education: Educational Administration
Master of Arts in Education: Learning, Design, and Technology
Master of Arts in Education: School Counseling
Advanced Graduate Certificates
Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

