ms or issues in education, qualitative research methods, and analyzing research articles. Students will learn the essentials needed to carry out the research process and begin their capstone project to be completed in EDEL 605.

EDEL 605: Capstone Project
3

This course will enable students to finalize their capstone project. Students will triangulate data using critical self-reflection, credible literature, and observations as a method to respond to an educational problem or issue in education. Upon completion of the written project, students will orally present their capstone project in class.

COGNITION, MOTIVATION, AND DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIZATION
EDU 547: Brain-Based Teaching and Learning
3

This course is designed to provide experienced teachers with the latest research in brain-based learning and instructional theory and its practical applications to the classroom. Topics will include the structures and functions of the brain, how the brain processes information, lateralization specialization, memory, retention and transfer theory, and the role of emotion in learning. The purpose of this course is to equip educators with an understanding of research-based body/brain/mind principles and how they are applied in teaching and learning.


EDCM 503: Principles of Educational Psychology
3

This course will provide an overview of principles of educational psychology that impact student learning. This course will deepen the understanding of perspectives as they relate to students’ development, cognition, and motivation.

EDCM 565: Character Development and Instruction
3

This course will explore principles of social emotional learning and character development within educational settings. A lens of care and concern for all students will be applied when discussing the topics of creating positive learning environments, establishing classroom and school assessment protocols, and treating learner differences as opportunities. Strategies for teaching the whole child will be investigated and a collaborative approach to character development in the school setting will include discussion on the impact of school personnel and school climate on the wellbeing of students.

EDCM 577: Motivation and Emotions
3

This course will explain fundamental theories that affect one’s motivation in educational settings. Specific topics explored include the following: physiological and psychological needs, intrinsic vs. extrinsic motivation, goal setting, and the social and cognitive aspects of motivation. School settings are diverse and the topic of motivation will be discussed with a goal of providing immediate implications for any school setting.

EDCM 549: Theories and Applications of Cognition
3

This course will address the process of acquiring knowledge, which is multifaceted. School personnel play a key role in first understanding and then capitalizing on ways to support individual learners. Concepts of cognition and metacognition will be explored as will literacy strategies and assessments. School leaders need to embrace the unique gifts and talents of all learners and create learning environments where each student can thrive.

Faculty

Concordia University has a strong faculty of experienced Christian educators who are faithful to the university’s mission to “empower students. . . for lives of learning, service, and leadership.” Our students benefit from educators who embrace the tenets of servant leadership and treat students with respect while pushing them to reach their full potential.

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier
Professor & Servant Leadership Institute Director

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier started his teaching career in 1978 and transitioned from secondary to collegiate education in 1988. Dr. Schlichtemeier served as a professor in the School of Education at Concordia University Irvine from 1988-2003 where he mentored future teachers while also completing his doctorate in Educational Leadership at UCLA in 1996. Dr. Schlichtemeier served as a teacher and Assistant Principal at Orange Lutheran High School from 2003-2007 before returning to teach at Concordia, serving as Dean of the School of Education, and founding the Servant Leadership Institute.

Dr. Lori Doyle
Associate Professor and MAEL Director

Dr. Lori Doyle works as Associate Professor of Education at Concordia University Irvine where she serves as Director of the Master of Arts in Educational Leadership program and Assistant Director of the Servant Leadership Institute. She has completed and managed extensive curriculum development projects at the university and serves as Subject Matter Expert for courses in multiple MA programs. Working as an instructor also keeps her mindful of relevant and changing trends in education. Lori has taught at several universities over the past twenty-two years, but her career began as a high school English and theology teacher and curriculum writer. She holds a California Clear Credential in Secondary Education, MAEd in Curriculum and In