https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/educational-leadership/cognition-motivation-development
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

M.A. Educational Leadership

Curriculum
Specializations 
Handbook
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Events 
Contact 
Apply Now
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATIONAL LEADERSHIP (MAEL): COGNITION, MOTIVATION, AND DEVELOPMENT
Servant Leadership Institute | School of Education
GET STARTED 
Cognition, Motivation, and Development Specialization

Today’s education professionals face numerous challenges as they work with students who have complex, diverse backgrounds. Concordia University Irvine’s M.A. in Educational Leadership with specialization in Cognition, Motivation, and Development offers a whole-child approach to fostering all areas of human growth in order for students to be supported physically, academically, behaviorally, and emotionally.

This specialization draws from educational psychology to examine how students develop as human beings, the ways students process and learn, and how motivation can be used as a tool to foster well-rounded citizens. In this program, you will develop an advanced understanding of how students learn and gain a repertoire of instructional skills to help meet individual differences in learning and mitigate challenging issues that your students face.

APPLY NOW

Distinguishing between MAEL Programs
Request Information
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
State 
- Select state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
U.S. Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
American Samoa
Federated States of Micronesia
Guam
Marshall Islands
Palau
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
ZIP Code 
Program of Interest 
- Select a program
Cognition, Motivation, and Development Certificate
Master of Arts in Educational Leadership: Cognition, Motivation, and Development
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Curriculum
CORE COURSES
EDEL 510: Servant Leadership
3

This course will present the value of incorporating the servant leadership model into one’s repertoire as an educational leader today. Students will identify key characteristics and strategies that will enhance their legacy as a leader who galvanizes positive changes in the lives of students, colleagues, parents, and the overall school culture.

EDEL 540: School Law and Public Policy
3

This course will examine education-related legal disputes in K-12 and higher education levels. Examples of topics to be explored include: campus safety and privacy, student freedom of expression, cyberbullying, religion in schools, technology concerns, race-conscious policies, school sports, teacher tenure, due process, special education, and rights of undocumented students.

EDEL 550: Contemporary Cultural and Political Issues in Education
3

This course will provide an overview of the social, cultural, and political issues and trends that affect the leadership in today’s American schools. Students will learn to view polemical issues from multiple vantage points to better understand the diverse perspectives that permeate society today and then lead with wisdom, honor, and character.

EDEL 580: Educational Research
3

This course will provide students with an introduction to educational research by exploring problems or issues in education, qualitative research methods, and analyzing research articles. Students will learn the essentials needed to carry out the research process and begin their capstone project to be completed in EDEL 605.

EDEL 605: Capstone Project
3

This course will enable students to finalize their capstone project. Students will triangulate data using critical self-reflection, credible literature, and observations as a method to respond to an educational problem or issue in education. Upon completion of the written project, students will orally present their capstone project in class.

COGNITION, MOTIVATION, AND DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIZATION
EDU 547: Brain-Based Teaching and Learning
3

This course is designed to provide experienced teachers with the latest research in brain-based learning and instructional theory and its practical applications to the classroom. Topics will include the structures and functions of the brain, how the brain processes information, lateralization specialization, memory, retention and transfer theory, and the role of emotion in learning. The purpose of this course is to equip educators with an understanding of research-based body/brain/mind principles and how they are applied in teaching and learning.


EDCM 503: Principles of Educational Psychology
3

This course will provide an overview of principles of educational psychology that impact student learning. This course will deepen the understanding of perspectives as they relate to students’ development, cognition, and motivation.

EDCM 565: Character Development and Instruction
3

This course will explore principles of social emotional learning and character development within educational settings. A lens of care and concern for all students will be applied when discussing the topics of creating positive learning environments, establishing classroom and school assessment protocols, and treating learner differences as opportunities. Strategies for teaching the whole child will be investigated and a collaborative approach to character development in the school setting will include discussion on the impact of school personnel and school climate on the wellbeing of students.

EDCM 577: Motivation and Emotions
3

This course will explain fundamental theories that affect one’s motivation in educational settings. Specific topics explored include the following: physiological and psychological needs, intrinsic vs. extrinsic motivation, goal setting, and the social and cognitive aspects of motivation. School settings are diverse and the topic of motivation will be discussed with a goal of providing immediate implications for any school setting.

EDCM 549: Theories and Applications of Cognition
3

This course will address the process of acquiring knowledge, which is multifaceted. School personnel play a key role in first understanding and then capitalizing on ways to support individual learners. Concepts of cognition and metacognition will be explored as will literacy strategies and assessments. School leaders need to embrace the unique gifts and talents of all learners and create learning environments where each student can thrive.

Faculty

Concordia University has a strong faculty of experienced Christian educators who are faithful to the university’s mission to “empower students. . . for lives of learning, service, and leadership.” Our students benefit from educators who embrace the tenets of servant leadership and treat students with respect while pushing them to reach their full potential.

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier
Professor & Servant Leadership Institute Director

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier started his teaching career in 1978 and transitioned from secondary to collegiate education in 1988. Dr. Schlichtemeier served as a professor in the School of Education at Concordia University Irvine from 1988-2003 where he mentored future teachers while also completing his doctorate in Educational Leadership at UCLA in 1996. Dr. Schlichtemeier served as a teacher and Assistant Principal at Orange Lutheran High School from 2003-2007 before returning to teach at Concordia, serving as Dean of the School of Education, and founding the Servant Leadership Institute.

Dr. Lori Doyle
Associate Professor and MAEL Director

Dr. Lori Doyle works as Associate Professor of Education at Concordia University Irvine where she serves as Director of the Master of Arts in Educational Leadership program and Assistant Director of the Servant Leadership Institute. She has completed and managed extensive curriculum development projects at the university and serves as Subject Matter Expert for courses in multiple MA programs. Working as an instructor also keeps her mindful of relevant and changing trends in education. Lori has taught at several universities over the past twenty-two years, but her career began as a high school English and theology teacher and curriculum writer. She holds a California Clear Credential in Secondary Education, MAEd in Curriculum and Instruction, and a PhD in Psychology with an emphasis in Cognition. Her areas of research interest are adult education, Biblical contexts, leadership, curriculum, Social Emotional Learning, and faculty mental health.

VIEW ALL FACULTY

Related Programs

Concordia’s Graduate School of Education offers four graduate certificates, five distinctive master's degrees, and a Doctorate of Education (EdD) in Leadership. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. Concordia’s School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their careers.

Master of Arts in Education: Curriculum & Instruction
Master of Arts in Education: Educational Administration
Master of Arts in Education: Learning, Design, and Technology
Master of Arts in Education: School Counseling
Advanced Graduate Certificates
Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

