https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/educational-leadership/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

M.A. Educational Leadership

Curriculum
Specializations 
Handbook
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Events 
Contact 
Apply Now
FACULTY
Master of Arts in Educational Leadership

Concordia University has a strong faculty of experienced Christian educators who are faithful to the university’s mission to “empower students. . . for lives of learning, service, and leadership.” Our students benefit from educators who embrace the tenets of servant leadership and treat students with respect while pushing them to reach their full potential.

Albrecht, Kellie L.
Assistant Dean, School of Education
kellie.albrecht@cui.edu
Assistant Dean | Senior Director of the Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership Program

Dr. Kellie Albrecht is the Assistant Dean for the School of Education, Senior Director of the Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership program, and a Professor of Education. She is responsible for Ed.D. program operations, program development and improvement, faculty training, curriculum development and assessment, and advising doctoral students with their dissertation research. Dr. Albrecht served as the Chair of the Educational Effectiveness Committee (EEC), a member of the Academic Council and Institutional Review Board (IRB).

Prior to teaching in higher education, Dr. Albrecht was an elementary school educator having taught in grades 1, 4, 5, and 6. Dr. Albrecht's experience teaching in urban schools sparked her passion for educating in diverse settings. Her experience working with culturally diverse and underrepresented children led to an interest in English language development and differentiated instructional practices. Additionally, Dr. Albrecht is the mother of four children, her oldest being identical twin boys. Dr. Albrecht's doctoral dissertation was an interpretive phenomenological analysis focused on identifying twins as a cultural group, which investigated individual needs for educating twins. The dissertation is titled, Beyond Bonded Voices: A Qualitative Study with Adult Monozygotic (Identical) Twins.

Dr. Albrecht's experience in higher education includes MAED program development and improvement, faculty training and professional development, advising graduate and postgraduate qualitative research projects, teaching undergraduate, graduate, and multiple and single subject credential courses, supervising student teachers in the field, assessing teaching performance assessments (TPAs), and facilitating TPA student workshops.

Areas of Expertise
Qualitative Research Methodologies: Action Research, Grounded Theory, Interpretive
Phenomenological Analysis, Case Study
Twins’ Research
Differentiated Instructional Practices
English Language Development
Classroom Management
Curriculum Design, Assessment, and Evaluation
Distance Learning: Online Asynchronous & Synchronous, Blended/Hybrid
Program/Course Development, Design, and Improvement
Technological Pedagogy
Doyle, Lori
Director, M.A. Educational Leadership 
lori.doyle@cui.edu
Director, M.A. Educational Leadership
Biography

My career in education began at the high school level and I enjoyed years of teaching English and theology classes. My posts as ASB advisor and basketball coach provided additional ways to connect with my students. A couple years as the school's communications director came at the same time I began teaching for Concordia University, Irvine, in 2002. At that time, I taught in the CUAccelerate program which is a hybrid on-campus and online program. A move to Arizona led to five years of instruction for University of Phoenix where I taught a range of writing courses to include expository, research, and technical writing. While I enjoyed that post, I decided to pursue courses in the field of education and started teaching for Grand Canyon University in both their graduate and undergraduate programs. In 2012, I was thrilled to join the CUI ranks again as a Professor of Education for the MAED Curriculum & Instruction program. I also serve as the Subject Matter Expert for the following MAEd courses: Curriculum Design and Assessment (EDU/EDUT 520), Coping with Stress and Violence in Today's Classrooms (EDU 524), and Educational Discourse: Change and Reform (EDU 550). My role as Program Director for Curriculum & Instruction provides opportunities to work with other instructors and stay current with all the courses offered. I'm currently working on a PhD in Psychology with an emphasis in Cognition and Instruction from Grand Canyon University. I have a true love for the online classroom and truly look forward to the start of each new term.

Gomes, Robin
Assistant Professor, School of Education
robin.gomes@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Education
Biography

Robin Gomes has been serving in Lutheran education for over 20 years. Before serving at Concordia