ad Mentor for the Orange County Department of Education Private School Cohort, Conference Presenter, President of the Lutheran Educators Conference Committee, Director of Curriculum, WASC Visiting Team Member, and Associate Director of Orange Lutheran Online. In February of 2023, she presented at the national Digital Learning Annual Conference (DLAC) in Austin, Texas.

Professor Stuewe was part of a team that piloted a one-to-one middle school laptop program, and she taught in a one-to-one setting for fourteen years, gaining experience with many different learning platforms and digital tools. She is a National Board Certified Teacher. She truly sees teaching as an art and values reflective teaching practices. Not only does she find passion in crafting effective lessons and building relationships with students, she also finds great value in collaborating with other educators. Professor Stuewe is currently working towards a doctorate in Instructional Technology and Distance Education from Nova Southeastern University.

Education
EdD Candidate: Instructional Technology and Distance Education, Nova Southeastern University
M.A. Curriculum and Instruction,Concordia University Irvine
Multiple Subject Teaching Credential, Concordia University Irvine
B.S. Bachelor of Science, History, University of California, Santa Barbara
Areas of Expertise
Instructional Design
Planning and Assessment
Instructional Technology
Online and Distance Learning
Reflective Teaching Practices
Tarbutton, Tanya
Senior Director, MA Programs
tanya.tarbutton@cui.edu
Senior Director, MA Programs
Biography

Dr. Tanya Tarbutton serves as an Assistant Professor of Education and Program Director for MAED, School Administration emphasis. Prior to joining Concordia University, Dr. Tarbutton worked as a supervisor and instructor at several higher education institutions in Southern California, mentoring and supporting new administrators and teachers. In this capacity she evaluated and prepared administrative candidates as well as teacher candidates for teaching and learning in the 21st Century. Dr. Tarbutton has also participated on Academic Advisory Boards focused on transformational change and presented at international conferences. Before entering higher education, Dr. Tarbutton worked as a site based school administrator, resource teacher and general education teacher. As an immigrant, she brings a unique perspective grounded in more than 20 years of career experience.

Education
Ed.D, Educational Leadership & Management, Alliant International University, San Diego, CA.
M.A., School Administration, Azusa Pacific University, Azusa, CA.
M.A., Curriculum and Instruction, Azusa Pacific University, Azusa, CA.
B.A., Elementary Education, Acadia University, Nova Scotia, Canada
B.A., Sociology Acadia University, Nova Scotia, Canada
Areas of Expertise
Curriculum Development and Alignment
Mentorship and Support of Administrators and Teachers
Instructional Platforms and Strategies
Webb, Catherine
Director, MAED Educational Administration
catherine.webb@cui.edu
Professor
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Instructional Leadership, Argosy University, 2007
MAEd., Supervision and Administration, University of Phoenix, 2002
B. A., History, University of California, Los Angeles, 1995
B. A., Geography/Environmental Studies, University of California, Los Angeles, 1995
Biography

Dr. Catherine Webb is a Professor of Education and Coordinator of the California Administrator Performance Assessment (CalAPA). She serves on the Institutional Review Board at Concordia University Irvine and is the Subject Matter Expert for EDUA 516, EDUA 517, EDUA 561, EDUA562 and EDUA563 (5 of the 8 Administrative courses in the MAEd. program). Dr. Webb serves as a generalist currently teaching Education Technology, Administration, and Curriculum and Instruction courses in the MAEd program as well as Dissertation Seminars for the Doctoral Program.

Dr. Webb served as a K-8 teacher, special education teacher, site administrator, and district administrator for over 15 years in California and Arizona. She holds a Clear Administrative Services credential and Clear Teaching credential in both states. Dr. Webb defended her dissertation on the efficacy of professional learning communities and the impact school improvement initiatives have on student academic achievement. Dr. Webb’s expertise lies in curriculum, Instruction and assessment, administration, and technology. Dr. Webb served as a consultant and professional development presenter, serving school districts nationwide. Dr. Webb has worked in Higher Education since 2007.

Areas of Expertise
Technology
21st century Teaching and Learning
Classroom Management
Instructional Leadership
Curriculum, Instruction, and Assessment
Diverse Learners
School Improvement
Common Core Standards
Action Research
APA
Young, Timothy
 
timothy.young1@cui.edu
Professor
Degrees Earned
Ed.D, Educational Leadership, University of California, Los Angeles
M.S., Educational Administr