raduate and undergraduate programs. In 2012, I was thrilled to join the CUI ranks again as a Professor of Education for the MAED Curriculum & Instruction program. I also serve as the Subject Matter Expert for the following MAEd courses: Curriculum Design and Assessment (EDU/EDUT 520), Coping with Stress and Violence in Today's Classrooms (EDU 524), and Educational Discourse: Change and Reform (EDU 550). My role as Program Director for Curriculum & Instruction provides opportunities to work with other instructors and stay current with all the courses offered. I'm currently working on a PhD in Psychology with an emphasis in Cognition and Instruction from Grand Canyon University. I have a true love for the online classroom and truly look forward to the start of each new term.

Gomes, Robin
Assistant Professor, School of Education
robin.gomes@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Education
Biography

Robin Gomes has been serving in Lutheran education for over 20 years. Before serving at Concordia University, Robin worked as a teacher, assistant principal, and principal in Lutheran elementary schools in Nevada and California. Throughout that time, Robin led in the areas of teacher recruitment and retention, curriculum and assessment, and school consultancy in the Pacific Southwest District.

Robin is married to Domingo, a middle school teacher who she met as a student at Concordia University. They have two college-age children. Their pastimes include musical theater, going to Disneyland, enjoying the beach, and baseball.

Education
M.A.Ed, Curriculum and Instruction, Concordia University- Irvine, 2007
California Multiple Subject Clear Teaching Credential, 2000
B.A., Behavioral Science: Anthropology, Concordia University- Irvine, 1999
Schlichtemeier, Kent
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
kent.schlichtemeier@cui.edu
Director, Servant Leadership Institute
Degrees Earned
Ed.D., Educational Leadership, University of California, Los Angeles
M.A., Denver University
B.A., Concordia Teachers College, Seward, NE
Biography

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier is a teacher. He started his teaching career in 1978 teaching 6th-8th grades in Oxnard, CA. After completing his Master’s degree at Denver University in 1984, he continued his teaching career at the high school level in Orlando, FL. Dr. Schlichtemeier served in the School of Education at Concordia University, Irvine from 1988-2003 where he mentored future teachers. In addition to teaching at Concordia, Dr. Schlichtemeier was the women’s basketball coach until retiring in 1993 to pursue his doctorate degree. During the final two seasons of his tenure as coach, the Lady Eagle Basketball team made two consecutive appearances at the NAIA National Basketball Tournament after winning the Golden State Athletic Conference Championships. Dr. Schlichtemeier was voted the District Three NAIA Coach of the Year in 1992 and 1993 and was voted into the Concordia Athletic Hall of Fame in 2006. Dr. Schlichtemeier has served as a teacher and assistant principal at Orange Lutheran High School from 2003-2007, before returning to teach at Concordia University. He enjoys frequent opportunities to speak at sports banquets, school graduations, athletic camps, teacher conferences, and leadership retreats.

Areas of Expertise
Instructional Leadership
Curriculum and Instruction
Assessment
Organizational Culture
School Climate
Instructional Leadership
Action Research
Stuewe, Yvette
Assistant Professor of Education
yvette.stuewe@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Education

Assistant Professor Yvette Stuewe teaches courses in the MA and Teacher Credential programs. Professor Stuewe has served in Lutheran education for 28 years. Her educational experience spans across St. John’s Lutheran School, Orange Lutheran High School, and Concordia University Irvine. In addition to 27 years of classroom experience, Professor Stuewe served in various leadership roles including Curriculum Leadership Chair, Induction mentor, Induction Assistant Lead Mentor for the Orange County Department of Education Private School Cohort, Conference Presenter, President of the Lutheran Educators Conference Committee, Director of Curriculum, WASC Visiting Team Member, and Associate Director of Orange Lutheran Online. In February of 2023, she presented at the national Digital Learning Annual Conference (DLAC) in Austin, Texas.

Professor Stuewe was part of a team that piloted a one-to-one middle school laptop program, and she taught in a one-to-one setting for fourteen years, gaining experience with many different learning platforms and digital tools. She is a National Board Certified Teacher. She truly sees teaching as an art and values reflective teaching practices. Not only does she find passion in crafting effective lessons and building relationships with students, she also finds great value in collaborating with other educators. Professor Stuewe is currently working towards a doctorate in Instructional Technology and Distance Education fro