https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/engineering
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Engineering Major
Curriculum
Get Started
Engineering Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Engineering Real Impact — for Your Career and the World

As a branch of science and technology, the Bachelor of Science in Engineering deals with the design, building, maintenance, and use of engines, machines, and structures. Engineering majors combine creativity with hands-on skills to turn designs and models into working devices – all for the purpose of meeting real needs in society.

What makes engineering at Concordia University Irvine unique from other universities? At Concordia, we’re interested in training a different type of engineer.

The Concordia University Irvine Engineering program is committed to furthering the instruction, learning, and employment opportunities for the students enrolled and for future graduates.  To that end, the program intends to develop and resource the necessary steps for ABET accreditation at its earliest feasible opportunity by submitting the readiness review study by October 2024 with the goal of being fully accredited by Summer 2026.

APPLY NOW

Engineers with Broad Training for the 21st century.

You may wonder why our major is in Engineering, and not a more specialized degree like Civil, Electrical, or Mechanical Engineering. Rather than focusing on narrow specializations, we believe in equipping you with a broad education that gives you a solid foundation for your future and allows you to continually build on your skills. This gives you the flexibility to adapt to the evolving fields within engineering…or even if you end up deciding on a different career path.

Take an Interdisciplinary Approach to Learning and Leading.

You will first encounter what we mean by cross-disciplinary thinking in our distinctive general education, called Enduring Questions & Ideas. As you wrestle with these “Great Questions,” you’ll start to make connections not only within the field of engineering, but also across different subject matters and with your own callings in life. It’s this type of curiosity, testing, problem solving, and inventing that is at the heart of the scientific method, and it’s the type of engineer who we believe is best prepared to lead and thrive in a complex world.

Engaging in Service to Others.

Engineers have the unique opportunity to positively and significantly impact the quality of human life – whether that’s in major urban and suburban areas or the remotest towns and villages of the planet. As a Lutheran university, we take seriously our callings to love and serve our neighbors. Guided by Christian faculty, you will experience an emphasis on moral integrity and service to others throughout not only your classes but in entrepreneurial engineering activities that take place outside of the classroom.

Opportunities For Engineering Majors
Academic Opportunities

At Concordia, Engineering majors have the advantage of being able to take classes and learn from professors across many excellent programs in the sciences (including chemistry, physics, and computer science), mathematics, fine arts, humanities, behavioral sciences, communication, and business. Other popular majors and academic programs that pair well with the Engineering major include:

Biochemistry Major
Biology Major & Minor
Chemistry Major & Minor
Computer Science Major & Minor
Economics Major & Minor
Mathematics Major & Minor
Physics Major 
Service-Learning Opportunities

All Engineering students will be involved in service initiatives throughout their coursework and participate in at least one major engineering trip or activity. Examples include partnering with nonprofit organizations such as Engineers Without Borders, Engineering Ministries International, and Engineering for Change.

Career and Graduate School Opportunities

Concordia has a proud legacy of placing our graduates in top-rated graduate schools and first-class Ph.D. programs. Whether your plan is to transition into a master’s-level program or join the workforce in an area of national need, you will be prepared to succeed as a leader, professional, responsible citizen, and lifelong learner. A few examples of the types of fields that graduates with a degree in Engineering are qualified for a career or further study include:

Architectural and design companies
Electrical engineering
Biomedical engineering
Chemical engineering
Civil engineering
Computer engineering
Computing
Control engineering
Energy
Mechanical engineering
Mobile technologies
Sensor and data processing
Telecommunications
Transport and utilities companies
Curriculum

The Engineering major will allow you to take courses across a broad range of disciplines: chemistry, physics, mathematics, computer science