ctor of Engineering in 2021. She earned a bachelor’s degree from Yale University in Applied Physics followed by MS and PhD degrees in Biomedical Engineering from Saint Louis University and Washington University in St. Louis, respectively. Dr. Espinosa also completed a postdoctoral fellowship at the University of California, Irvine. Her research has focused on the interaction between mechanical forces and biological systems, such as the role of blood flow on congenital heart defects and the use of mechanical stimuli for improved orthopaedic tissue engineering.

Professor Joshua Tallman
Assistant Professor of Computer Science & Program Director

Professor Joshua Tallman joined the Concordia University faculty in 2019 as part of the Computer Science Department. He holds a Master's degree in Computer Science from Johns Hopkins University with a BA in Computer Engineering. Professor Tallman has 15+ years of experience working as a programmer and analyst in the field of computer security. He has held positions within the Department of Defense working in Maryland, Germany, and the United Kingdom, as well as working as an independent contractor for Dragos, Inc., a company specializing in security for Industrial Control Systems. 

Dr. John Kenney
Professor Emeritus of Chemical Physics

Dr. Kenney is an award winning teacher and scholar noted for his contributions to both chemical education and to chemistry / chemical physics research. He is known for his passionate, enthusiastic, energetic, and innovative hands-on teaching style, for the depth and rigor of his classes, for his involvement of students in high-level scientific research, and for his ability to transform the lives of his students and inspire them to achieve their professional and personal goals.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member

TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

If you’re interested in learning more about the Engineering program at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Gabriela Espinosa
Founding Director of Engineering
gabriela.espinosa@cui.edu


Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

