https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/educational-leadership/graduate-education-certificate-cognition
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
COGNITION, MOTIVATION, AND DEVELOPMENT CERTIFICATE
Master of Arts in Educational Leadership
Cognition, Motivation, and Development

Today’s education professionals face numerous challenges as they work with students who have complex, diverse backgrounds. Rooted in the tenets of educational psychology, the Cognition, Motivation, and Development certificate provides a whole-child approach to fostering all areas of human growth in order for students to be supported physically, academically, behaviorally, and emotionally.

With a focus on servant leadership and cognition, motivation, and development, school professionals will join a growing community of educators, counselors, and administrators in the global push for student support systems that reach the whole child and promote long-term change. Join a cohort of future-focused, ambitious leaders who embrace the tenets of servant leadership and treat students with respect while pushing them to reach their full potential.

COGNITION, MOTIVATION, AND DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIZATION
EDU 547: Brain-Based Teaching and Learning
3

This course is designed to provide experienced teachers with the latest research in brain-based learning and instructional theory and its practical applications to the classroom. Topics will include the structures and functions of the brain, how the brain processes information, lateralization specialization, memory, retention and transfer theory, and the role of emotion in learning. The purpose of this course is to equip educators with an understanding of research-based body/brain/mind principles and how they are applied in teaching and learning.


EDCM 503: Principles of Educational Psychology
3

This course will provide an overview of principles of educational psychology that impact student learning. This course will deepen the understanding of perspectives as they relate to students’ development, cognition, and motivation.

EDCM 565: Character Development and Instruction
3

This course will explore principles of social emotional learning and character development within educational settings. A lens of care and concern for all students will be applied when discussing the topics of creating positive learning environments, establishing classroom and school assessment protocols, and treating learner differences as opportunities. Strategies for teaching the whole child will be investigated and a collaborative approach to character development in the school setting will include discussion on the impact of school personnel and school climate on the wellbeing of students.

EDCM 577: Motivation and Emotions
3

This course will explain fundamental theories that affect one’s motivation in educational settings. Specific topics explored include the following: physiological and psychological needs, intrinsic vs. extrinsic motivation, goal setting, and the social and cognitive aspects of motivation. School settings are diverse and the topic of motivation will be discussed with a goal of providing immediate implications for any school setting.

EDCM 549: Theories and Applications of Cognition
3

This course will address the process of acquiring knowledge, which is multifaceted. School personnel play a key role in first understanding and then capitalizing on ways to support individual learners. Concepts of cognition and metacognition will be explored as will literacy strategies and assessments. School leaders need to embrace the unique gifts and talents of all learners and create learning environments where each student can thrive.

Faculty

Concordia University has a strong faculty of experienced Christian educators who are faithful to the university’s mission to “empower students. . . for lives of learning, service, and leadership.” Our students benefit from educators who embrace the tenets of servant leadership and treat students with respect while pushing them to reach their full potential.

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier
Professor & Servant Leadership Institute Director

Dr. Kent Schlichtemeier started his teaching career in 1978 and transitioned from secondary to collegiate education in 1988. Dr. Schlichtemeier served as a professor in the School of Education at Concordia University Irvine from 1988-2003 where he mentored future teachers while also completing his doctorate in Educational Leadership at UCLA in 1996. Dr. Schlichtemeier served as a teacher and Assistant Principal at Orange Lutheran High School from 2003-2007 before returning to teach at Concordia, serving as Dean of the School of Education, and founding the Servant Leadership Institute.

Dr. Lori Doyle
Associate Professor and MAEL Director

Dr. Lori Doyle works as Associate Professor of Education at Concordia University Irvine where she serves as Director of the Master of Arts in Educational Leadership program and Assistant Director of the Servant Leadership Institute. She has completed and managed extensive curriculum development projects at the university and serves as Subject Matter Expert for courses in multiple MA programs. Working as an instructor also keeps her mindful of relevant and changing trends in education. Lori has taught at several universities over the past twenty-two years, but her career began as a high school English and theology teacher and curriculum writer. She holds a California Clear Credential in Secondary Education, MAEd in Curriculum and Instruction, and a PhD in Psychology with an emphasis in Cognition. Her areas of research interest are adult education, Biblical contexts, leadership, curriculum, Social Emotional Learning, and faculty mental health.

VIEW ALL FACULTY

Request Information

Share your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will send you more details about the program.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
State 
- Select state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
U.S. Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
American Somoa
Federated States of Micronesia
Guam
Marshall Islands
Palau
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
ZIP Code 
When do you want to start? 
- Select start term
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

