https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/theology/christian-education-leadership-emphasis
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Arts in Theology
Core Curriculum
Emphases
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Contact 
Apply Now
Christian Education Leadership Emphasis
MASTER OF ARTS IN THEOLOGY
Christian Education Leadership Emphasis

The Christian Education Leadership emphasis is a specialized track that promotes theological reflection and ministerial formation for educators in the church.

Students in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS) may use this track to pursue certification as a Director of Christian Education (DCE). Please note the additional admission requirements if you are applying for the MA Theology with DCE Certification.

The Director of Christian Education with a Master's in Theology program not only allows for an individual to be called in The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod, but also allows for an individual to obtain a deeper and greater knowledge of God's Word for the benefit of that individual's faith and current or future ministry.

Joshua M Schmitt

CHRISTIAN EDUCATION LEADERSHIP COURSES
18 Units
CED 502: Church Leadership
3

This course teaches planning, administration and leadership skills important to the development, management and evaluation of Christian education ministry programs.


CED 532: Methods of Christian Discipleship
3

Examines theory and practice of discipleship, catechesis, and spiritual formation as conducted in the ministry of the church. Focuses on planning, managing, delivering, evaluating, and integrating Christian teaching into the life of the church.


CED 550: Counseling in Ministry
3

A foundation course providing an understanding of the content and process of counseling specific to a ministry setting. Specific aspects of the counseling process addressed include basic skills, legal and ethical issues, crisis intervention, cultural sensitivity, how and when to refer, and the integration of psychology and theology.


THL 595: Thesis I
3

Students will develop a research project or thesis under the guidance of a faculty mentor. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.


THL 596: Thesis II
3

Students will work toward completion of their research project or thesis under the guidance of a faculty mentor. Course may be repeated once if needed. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Graduation Application Fee: $185.


Choose 1 of the following courses:
CED 560: Adult Ministry
3

This course will look at adult learning theories, faith development, and discuss andragogy as it relates to the planning of effective adult education programs in a local congregation.


CED 570: Children's and Family Ministry
3

A study of the church’s ministry with children from birth to twelve years of age. Emphasizes faith development theories; family and intergenerational ministry; teaching techniques related to children’s and family ministries; involving children along with their families in the total life of the church; and planning, administering, implementing and evaluating a comprehensive ministry to children and families.

CED 580: Youth Ministry
3

A course which provides students basic foundations of parish youth ministry and an opportunity to better understand the current youth culture. Supplies a variety of organizational models and an opportunity to develop programming skills needed for successful parish youth ministry. A fieldwork component is required.


Courses for the Christian Education Leadership emphasis combine with the MA Theology Core Curriculum for a total of 35 units.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

