l understanding of worship within the Lutheran context, observing the forms and practice of worship within present, ethnic/multi-cultural communities. Guided by proper theological, historical, and contextual models, students will promote sacramental worship in various, new ethnic/multi-cultural missional settings.


CED 593: DCE Pre-Internship Seminar

In this course students will spend time on-site in an LCMS ministry to acquire experience and skills related to DCE ministry, including evaluation of the fieldwork experience, with an emphasis on the development of leadership skills vital to DCE ministry through hands on ministry projects.


Internship
CED 594: Internship I: DCE
4

A mentored, full-time, year-long experience in a congregation of The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS) or ministry under the supervision of a called LCMS minister, enabling students to experience as many aspects of a congregation's educational ministries as possible. This may include children's, youth, family, adult, and other congregational ministries (e.g., evangelism, church music, etc.). The internship is designed to be a mutually cooperative ministry relationship between students, congregations, and the university. Twelve (12) months of internship are required for DCE certification. Prerequisites: Satisfactory completion of academic program requirements and preliminary theological approval from the LCMS Church Vocations Council. A fee of $2340 is charged in lieu of tuition.

CED 595: Internship II: DCE
4

A continuation of CED 594.


CED 596: Internship III: DCE
4

A continuation of CED 595.


Courses for the Director of Christian Education emphasis combine with the MA Theology Core Curriculum for a total of 62 units.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

