https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/theology/research-in-theology-emphasis
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Arts in Theology
Core Curriculum
Emphases
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Contact 
Apply Now
Research in Theology Emphasis
MASTER OF ARTS IN THEOLOGY
Research in Theology Emphasis

The Research in Theology emphasis invites you into an ongoing life of theological research and scholarship in a wide variety of theological issues and topics.

RESEARCH IN THEOLOGY COURSES
15 Units
THL 595: Thesis I
3

Students will develop a research project or thesis under the guidance of a faculty mentor. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.


THL 596: Thesis II
3

Students will work toward completion of their research project or thesis under the guidance of a faculty mentor. Course may be repeated once if needed. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Graduation Application Fee: $185.


Choose 9 units from the following:
THL 590: Guided Readings
3

The objective of this course will be determined by the student and their faculty mentor in light of the student's overall background and particular plans for research through the development of a bibliography and list for guided independent reading. The student will demonstrate significant progress in acquaintance with and understanding of the literature. May be repeated for credit.


THL 591: Colloquium
3

This seminar course in advanced theological research will look at a variety of topics which may include subjects from various theological disciplines (Exegetical, Systematic, Historical, and Practical Theology) and various time periods. Students will actively participate in determining the direction of this course as they research and present theological topics under the guidance of the instructor. May be repeated for credit.


Theology Elective: Elective course chosen in consultation with the Director of Graduate Programs from the theology graduate offerings
3

Elective course chosen in consultation with the Director of Graduate Programs from the theology graduate offerings

*A maximum of 6 units in THL 590 may be applied to the MA in Theology degree.
Courses for the Research in Theology emphasis combine with the MA Theology Core Curriculum for a total of 32 units.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

