https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/theology/servant-leadership-emphasis
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Arts in Theology
Core Curriculum
Emphases
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Contact 
Apply Now
Servant Leadership Emphasis
MASTER OF ARTS IN THEOLOGY
Servant Leadership Emphasis

For graduates of the KINDLE Servant Leadership Program ONLY

Three 3-unit courses (9 units total) are transferable from the KINDLE experience. The rest of the MA includes the core curriculum and thesis work. Contact Carrie Donohoe for more details.

SERVANT LEADERSHIP COURSES
15 Units
THL 591: Colloquium
3

This seminar course in advanced theological research will look at a variety of topics which may include subjects from various theological disciplines (Exegetical, Systematic, Historical, and Practical Theology) and various time periods. Students will actively participate in determining the direction of this course as they research and present theological topics under the guidance of the instructor. May be repeated for credit.


THL 595: Thesis I
3

Students will develop a research project or thesis under the guidance of a faculty mentor. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.


THL 596: Thesis II
3

Students will work toward completion of their research project or thesis under the guidance of a faculty mentor. Course may be repeated once if needed. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Graduation Application Fee: $185.


*One Colloquium in Theology each in Theologies of Youth Ministry, Missional Youth Ministry, and Global Youth Ministry.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

