https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/theology/theology-and-culture-emphasis
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Arts in Theology
Core Curriculum
Emphases
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Contact 
Apply Now
Theology and Culture Emphasis
MASTER OF ARTS IN THEOLOGY
Theology and Culture Emphasis

The Theology and Culture emphasis invites you into an engagement with the diverse and rich ethnic and cultural heritages so evident in the Pacific Southwest. You will study alongside colleagues from Latino, African, Pacific Rim, Middle Eastern and Anglo cultures.

The Theology and Culture curriculum also serves as part of the Pastor Certification program. This program in the Cross-cultural Ministry Center (CMC) is offered in cooperation with Concordia Seminary, St. Louis. However, enrollment in the CMC is not required to select this emphasis as part of the MA Theology.

THEOLOGY AND CULTURE COURSES
21 Units
THL 502: Ministry in Cultural Context
3

This course will utilize a sociological/anthropological framework to examine religious systems as students investigate the impact of social and cultural processes on the expression of faith with the goal of increasing their effectiveness in ministering to people from a variety of cultures.


THL 521: World Religions
3

This course will survey the world's major, non-Christian religions including their origin, development, sacred writings, major motifs, belief patterns, ritual and worship, social patterns, and ethics with attention given to the similarities and differences between these and the Christian faith, especially in the context of the multi-religious communities of 21st century America.


THL 595: Thesis I
3

Students will develop a research project or thesis under the guidance of a faculty mentor. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.


THL 596: Thesis II
3

Students will work toward completion of their research project or thesis under the guidance of a faculty mentor. Course may be repeated once if needed. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Graduation Application Fee: $185.


TPRC 521: Theology and Practice of Mission
3

This course will root the work of "evangelism/outreach" in a thoroughly biblical view of mission and develop practical outreach methodologies to be used in a Lutheran congregation and/or mission setting as students produce an "educational" plan that will allow the identification, training, and deploying of committed Christian leaders for the growth of Christ's church.


TPRC 540: Entrepreneurial Mission Planting
3

Explores business and entrepreneurial methods as they apply to church planters and new mission starts. Practical emphasis upon understanding entrepreneurial leadership, team ministry, learning from success, dealing with risk, reaching new people, developing marketing materials, financial planning and cash flow, and balancing a busy life will be presented by guest lecturers experienced in entrepreneurial church leadership.


TPRC 541: Mission Planting Institute
3

This course will provide students with the resources and techniques for designing, writing, and implementing a mission plan to be used for planting a new ministry. Students will have the opportunity to develop a mission statement, core values, vision, and strategies for a mission plant along with an examination of missiology, cross-cultural ministry, evangelistic preaching, and entrepreneurial leadership. A detailed written mission plan for a specific ministry site will be required for completion of this course.


Courses for the Theology and Culture emphasis combine with the MA Theology Core Curriculum for a total of 38 units.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

