ear catechetical instruction (grades 5-7) which includes liturgical studies, Luther’s Small Catechism, and a Bible study guide that promotes age-appropriate, in depth discussion.
Developed a 5 year study series for high school youth which fosters the sense of community among students, promotes informed interaction of students with their peers in school, and enhances the student's own cognitive abilities.
Classroom Instruction
Professor of New Testament Studies, Greek, the Philosophy of Religion, World Religions, Gender, and related religious studies including ethics and social issues.
On-line graduate courses for MAR students on the Parables of Jesus and General Epistles.
Recruited by directors of Honors Program to provide honors level instruction in New Testament Studies and the History of Christian Biography.
Provide instruction and mentoring for graduate (MAR), directed, and correspondence studies.
Lecture and facilitate enthusiastic exploration of theological topics in Youth Encounter/Conference settings.
Lecture and direct discussion on biblical books, theology, and related current events to adults each Sunday morning.
Provide stimulating and highly interactive study sessions for juniors and seniors in High School.
Study Tours
2014 – London and Edinburgh. Preparing for this fourth study tour in June.
2012 – France. Assisted with Choir/study tour of France, providing general historical and theological background.
2010 – Egypt. Taught a course on Egyptology and the significance of Egypt in the Bible while touring Egypt and the lower Sinai peninsula over 12 days
2008 – Italy. Taught a course on the Council of Trent in comparison with orthodox biblical theology as presented by Martin Chemnitz in his examination of the same. This course on campus was followed by 14 days touring in Italy.
2006 – Turkey/Greece. Taught a course on the travels and places where the apostle Paul taught while touring those locations with students over 16 days.
Campus Activities
2000 – present. Provide several extra-curricular opportunities for students to interact with theological issues, current events and each other. “Cinema Sophia” offers a movie each week for viewing. The film is followed by analysis and discussion, focused on the relationship between the intent of the film and philosophical/theological principles. “Great Books Conversation” is a lunch time group that considers excerpts from the world’s greatest literature. “Concordians for Concord among Concordians” meets each week over lunch to allow students to pursue questions they have of any nature, but particularly those which generate tension between various church workers and between those who claim a Christian belief system. “Apologetics Exercise” is a once a semester meeting of two student teams who oppose each other on a high profile issue. Practice in research, public speaking, but most of all, evangelical apologetic method is provided. The whole campus is invited to participate and attend.
1985 - 1987 Offered highly interactive biblical studies and lead discussions of the same for college students at Eastern Montana University and Rocky Mountain College in Billings, Montana.
1983 - 1984 Generated commentary, illustrations, and lead an interactive workshop on the book of Revelation for faculty and students of Gallaudette University.
Professional Employment
2014 – present Professor of New Testament, Concordia University Irvine, California.
2000 – 2014. Professor of New Testaments Studies, Greek, Philosophy of Religion, and World Religions
Concordia University Chicago in River Forest, Illinois
1988 – 2000, Pastor, Peace Lutheran Church, Sandusky, MI
1985 - 1988, Pastor, Mount Olive Lutheran Church, Billings, Montana
1973 - 1981, Vice President of Production, Ann Arbor Craftsmen, Inc., Ann Arbor, Michigan
Education
1979 B.S. - Eastern Michigan University, Ypsilanti, Michigan
1985 M.Div. - Concordia Theological Seminary, Fort Wayne, Indiana
1999 Ph.D. - Westminster Theological Seminary, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Awards
Concordia University Arts and Sciences Effective Teaching/Learning Award, 2002.
Concordia University Student Association Professor of the Year, 2000-2001, 2001-2002, 2004-2005
American Bible Society Scholarly “Studies in Greek Achievement Award” conferred by Concordia Theological Seminary, 1985
Professional Activities – Public Speaking, Seminars, Lectures
“Marriage Matters” Seminar at Immanuel Lutheran Church, Normal Illinois, September 20, 2014.
Key note speaker for the 2013 Beautiful Feet Conference, “How to Fill Big Shoes With the Feet You Have,” November 13, 2013.
“Gender Issues in Our Culture and Congregations,” Indiana District Pastor’s Conference, Merrillville, Indiana, October, 2013.
“Islam and Apologetics,” Seminar at Immanuel Lutheran Church, Belvidere, Illinois, September, 2013.
“Charlie and the Chocolate Factory as paradigm of Christianity,” KFUO interview based on Cinema Sophia Study, September, 2013.
“You Got to Move it Move it: the Signi