in 1998, I've served Lutheran Churches as a Director of Christian Education (DCE) throughout the country (Idaho, Kentucky, Arkansas, Florida) in life-span education roles working with Children, Youth, Family, Older Adults. I cherish the relationships that God has allowed me the privilege to be a part of as a full-time DCE in His church for 16 years before coming to Concordia as a Professor in 2014. My service to the body of Christ also includes speaking at youth gatherings, conferences and leading training events for Family Friendly Partner's Network (FFPN). My husband Kyle and I enjoy spending time with our four boys and their events in scouting, sports and school.

Education

Concordia University, Seward, Nebraska, M.S. 2010 Concordia University, Irvine, California, B.A. 1998

Elliott, Paul
949-214-3392
paul.elliott@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Theology

Dr. Elliott received his Ph.D. and M. Phil. from Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion and is the lead professor of Hebrew for Concordia University Irvine's Christ College. Dr. Elliott published “The Israel of God in the Sermon: Connecting Old Testament Texts to New Testament People” in Feasting in a Famine of the Word in 2016 and is preparing a commentary on the prophet Habakkuk.

Education
Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, M.Phil., 2013; Ph.D., 2018
Concordia Seminary – St. Louis, M.Div., 2009
Concordia University – River Forest, B.A., 2003
Professional Experience
Concordia University Irvine, Assistant Professor, 2016-present
St. John Lutheran Church, Assistant Pastor, 2009-2016
Hebrew Union College/Xavier University/University of Dayton, Adjunct Professor, 2010-2016
Publications Completed
“The Israel of God in the Sermon: Connecting Old Testament Texts to New Testament People” in Feasting in a Famine of the Word: Lutheran Preaching in the Twenty-First Century, 2016.
Forthcoming
“Community and Closure: The Church in the Individual Complaint Psalms” in The Church as Fullness in All Things: Recasting Lutheran Ecclesiology in an Ecumenical Context, expected 2018.
Ambrose of Milan and His Use of Philo of Alexandria in His Letters on the Hexaemeron, Dissertation.
Habakkuk, Concordia Commentary, expected 2022.
Teaching/Research Interests
Old Testament/Prophetic Literature
Early Jewish and Christian Exegesis
Second Temple Judaism
Northwest Semitic Languages
Eschelbach, Michael
(949) 214-3622
michael.eschelbach@cui.edu
Professor of Theology
Curriculum Vitae




Reverend Eschelbach was a parish pastor for 15 years before teaching at Concordia University Chicago (14 years) and now Concordia University Irvine. The care of souls and love of truth are evident in his eagerness to help others find the answers they seek, especially answers to the most difficult questions. Professor Eschelbach invests himself in his students as he shows them how to search for the truth among the various witnesses God has provided, especially in the Bible but also in nature, reason, and common human experience. You may find evidence of Dr. Eschelbach’s work in his publications, public speaking, and recognition for exemplary teaching. Besides teaching and studies, Michael Eschelbach enjoys sailing, biking along Newport beach, and visiting the redwoods.

Experience
Administrative
Provide leadership and inspiration to various committees in the university setting, including faculty search committees, faculty seminar, faculty growth and development, student life policies, liberal arts culture, and student retention task force. Within each setting, provide exploration and development of responsive, innovative, and effective programming.
Writing (see also “publications” below)
In the process of writing essays on; the philosophy of religion, the nature of human responsibility in society, and the problem of evil.
Produced strategic curriculum and integrated, multi-media study guides including,
1 year series for preschool & kindergarten age children.
4 year series taking grades 1-4.
3 year catechetical instruction (grades 5-7) which includes liturgical studies, Luther’s Small Catechism, and a Bible study guide that promotes age-appropriate, in depth discussion.
Developed a 5 year study series for high school youth which fosters the sense of community among students, promotes informed interaction of students with their peers in school, and enhances the student's own cognitive abilities.
Classroom Instruction
Professor of New Testament Studies, Greek, the Philosophy of Religion, World Religions, Gender, and related religious studies including ethics and social issues.
On-line graduate courses for MAR students on the Parables of Jesus and General Epistles.
Recruited by directors of Honors Program to provide honors level instruction in New Testament Studies and the History of Christian Biography.
Provide instruction and mentoring for graduate (MAR), directed, and correspondence studies.
Lecture and facilitate enthusiastic exploration of theological topics in Youth Encoun