lum

The English major attracts students who are curious, creative and interested in language - that unique human attribute that allows us to read with insight, think with clarity, and write and speak with purpose. As an English major you will experience a curriculum that is rich and diverse, including a special topics course designed and taught by faculty each year.

ENGLISH SAMPLE COURSES
ENG 341: American Literature I
3

This course will survey American literature from its beginning to 1850 including journals, diaries, sermons, and pamphlets with an emphasis on the writings of Irving, Hawthorne, Poe, and Melville. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.


ENG 361: English Literature I
3

This course will survey representative English prose, poetry, and drama from the Anglo-Saxon period to 1800 and look at the readings from such writers as the Beowulf, Chaucer, Shakespeare, Donne, Swift, Pope, and Johnson. Students will also become acquainted with the literary heritage of the English-speaking world. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.


ENG 466: Shakespeare
3

Critical reading and analysis of selected examples of Shakespeare's histories, comedies, and tragedies will be the focus of this course. Prerequisite: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271.

WRT 333: Topics in Creative Writing
3

As a focused exploration of genre and subject matter in a workshop setting. Possible topics include nature writing, travel writing, and experimental writing. Course may be repeated for elective credit. Prerequisite: (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and (CENG 201 or CENG 301 or equivalent).


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Faculty Feature
Poetry of Compassion

English Professor Dr. Camelia Raghinaru reveals how her personal experiences in Communist Romania shaped her worldview and how her worldview changed once she came to the United States. After accepting a job at Concordia University Irvine, she found even greater spiritual freedom through a Lutheran perspective.

READ STORY
Meet Your Professors

Our experienced English faculty care deeply about the students they teach and the subjects they study. They will spark your enthusiasm for learning and encourage you to develop your God-given gifts. Professors in the English, Writing, and Modern Language department are active participants in your learning and integrate a Christian Worldview into their curriculum.

Dr. John J. Norton
Professor of English and Lead Faculty Around-the-World Semester®

Dr. Norton has had the opportunity to pursue his passions and academic pursuits on a journey that led him to Concordia University Irvine. Although primarily a Shakespearean, his academic interests are wide, and he enjoys uncovering and analyzing life in Shakespeare and other literature in his classes and in his writing. Dr. Norton is also one of the leaders and developers of the Around-the-World Semester®.

Kristen Schmidt
Professor of English

Professor Schmidt has over 20 years experience teaching college writing, Romantic and Victorian Literature, and Modern Drama. In addition to teaching, Professor Schmidt serves as lead faculty for Freshman Writing and advisor for the literary magazine, The Aerie. She is also the Director for Concordia's Writing Studio. Professional memberships include the National Council of Teachers of English, the Conference on College Composition and Communication, and The Association of Writers and Writing Programs.

Camelia Raghinaru
Professor of English and Department Chair

Dr. Raghinaru completed her Ph.D. in English at the University of Florida and teaches literature in the Core Curriculum at Concordia University Irvine. Her research interests include 20th-century British literature; modernism and imperialism; Judaic studies and utopian studies; and critical theory. Her publications include articles on James Joyce, Joseph Conrad, and D. H. Lawrence.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

ENGLISH FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the English major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Camelia Raghinaru
Professor of English and Department Chair
camelia.raghinaru@cui.edu
(949) 214- 3546

Bryan Santin
Associate Professor of English
bryan.santin@cui.edu
(949) 214-3315

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHE