https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/english
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
English Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
English Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Follow Your Creative Callings in Diverse Fields

Acquire a set of skills in wide demand in the workplace. Did you know that Kate Beckinsale, Matt Damon, Conan O'Brien, Barbara Walters, Steven Spielberg, and Michael Eisner all have something in common? These successful people attribute their achievements to the training they received as majors in the English, Writing, and Modern Language Departments of their various universities. Graduates of Concordia’s English major find satisfying careers in such diverse fields as business, education, law, entertainment, publishing, politics, foreign service, and nonprofit work.

APPLY NOW

Student and Alumni Success

Whether copywriters or social workers, teachers or entrepreneurs, alums are applying their studies at Concordia to every corner of the world.

Poetry of Compassion

Carrie Gendle ’15

Carrie, a recent graduate of Concordia University Irvine, took a job in 2014 working at an elder care facility for Alzheimer’s patients. The unexpectedly personal nature of the work inspired a book of poetry chronicling her deeply felt experiences.

READ STORY
For The Love Of Books

Kristina Deusch '14
Editorial Assistant at Cambridge University Press

Kristina Deusch began her journey at Concordia as a Liberal Studies major. As she explored the worlds of history, music, theology and literature, she realized that her true calling was literature.

READ STORY
Opportunities For English Majors

According to the National Association of Colleges and Employers, “what sets two equally qualified job candidates apart can be as simple as who has the better communication skills.” English majors learn how to write, analyze material and communicate effectively. When not in the classroom, our University, and the Department of English, Writing and Modern Languages, afford you the chance to practice these skills outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As an English major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, double major, or a pre-professional program; or transition directly into our MAEd program. Our English students can also choose to earn their CA credential while they earn their undergraduate degree.

English Minor
Writing Minor
Global Cultural Studies Minor
Liberal Arts Major
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. In addition, our English students have the opportunity to contribute to our student newspaper, yearbook, and Concordia’s Literary and Art Journal.

Around the World Semester®
Student Leadership
The Concordia Courier
The Clearlight Yearbook
The Aerie
The Writing Studio
Study Abroad
Mission and Service Learning
Concordia Cares
Notable English Majors

What can English majors do? The first things that come to mind are teaching, graduate school and writing, but because English majors have learned how to write, analyze material and communicate effectively they work in many different fields. Below are just some of many well-known English majors.

Actors
Jodie Foster
Matt Damon
Susan Sarandon
Journalists
Diane Sawyer
Russell Baker
Bob Woodward
Musicians
Chris Isaak
Paul Simon
Sting
Careers

Students who major in Humanities or English master the art of communication and language. In what has been dubbed by many as the communication age, such mastery opens doors in a broad range of careers - everything from education to business and from law to writing. Some of the most common careers include the following:

Author
Columnist
Copy Editor
Editor
Playwright
Public Relations
Script Writer
Reporter
Teacher
Curriculum

The English major attracts students who are curious, creative and interested in language - that unique human attribute that allows us to read with insight, think with clarity, and write and speak with purpose. As an English major you will experience a curriculum that is rich and diverse, including a special topics course designed and taught by faculty each year.

ENGLISH SAMPLE COURSES
ENG 341: American Literature I
3

This course will survey American literature from its beginning to 1850 including journals, diaries, sermons, and pamphlets with an emphasis on the writings of Irving, Hawthorne, Poe, and Melville. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.


ENG 361: English Literature I
3

This course will survey representative English prose, poetry, and drama from the Anglo-Saxon period to 1800 and look at the readings from such writers as the Beowulf, Chaucer, Shakespeare, Donne, Swift, Pope, and Johnson. Students will also become acquainted with the literary heritage of the English-speaking world. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.


ENG 466: Shakespeare
3

Critical reading and analysis of selected examples of Shakespeare's histories, comedies, and tragedies will be the focus of this course. Prerequisite: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271.

WRT 333: Topics in Creative Writing
3

As a focused exploration of genre and subject matter in a workshop setting. Possible topics include nature writing, travel writing, and experimental writing. Course may be repeated for elective credit. Prerequisite: (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and (CENG 201 or CENG 301 or equivalent).


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Faculty Feature
Poetry of Compassion

English Professor Dr. Camelia Raghinaru reveals how her personal experiences in Communist Romania shaped her worldview and how her worldview changed once she came to the United States. After accepting a job at Concordia University Irvine, she found even greater spiritual freedom through a Lutheran perspective.

READ STORY
Meet Your Professors

Our experienced English faculty care deeply about the students they teach and the subjects they study. They will spark your enthusiasm for learning and encourage you to develop your God-given gifts. Professors in the English, Writing, and Modern Language department are active participants in your learning and integrate a Christian Worldview into their curriculum.

Dr. John J. Norton
Professor of English and Lead Faculty Around-the-World Semester®

Dr. Norton has had the opportunity to pursue his passions and academic pursuits on a journey that led him to Concordia University Irvine. Although primarily a Shakespearean, his academic interests are wide, and he enjoys uncovering and analyzing life in Shakespeare and other literature in his classes and in his writing. Dr. Norton is also one of the leaders and developers of the Around-the-World Semester®.

Kristen Schmidt
Professor of English

Professor Schmidt has over 20 years experience teaching college writing, Romantic and Victorian Literature, and Modern Drama. In addition to teaching, Professor Schmidt serves as lead faculty for Freshman Writing and advisor for the literary magazine, The Aerie. She is also the Director for Concordia's Writing Studio. Professional memberships include the National Council of Teachers of English, the Conference on College Composition and Communication, and The Association of Writers and Writing Programs.

Camelia Raghinaru
Professor of English and Department Chair

Dr. Raghinaru completed her Ph.D. in English at the University of Florida and teaches literature in the Core Curriculum at Concordia University Irvine. Her research interests include 20th-century British literature; modernism and imperialism; Judaic studies and utopian studies; and critical theory. Her publications include articles on James Joyce, Joseph Conrad, and D. H. Lawrence.



Previous faculty member


Next faculty member
More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

ENGLISH FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the English major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Camelia Raghinaru
Professor of English and Department Chair
camelia.raghinaru@cui.edu
(949) 214- 3546

Bryan Santin
Associate Professor of English
bryan.santin@cui.edu
(949) 214-3315

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

