https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/theology/application
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Arts in Theology
Core Curriculum
Emphases
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Contact 
Apply Now
Admissions
MASTER OF ARTS IN THEOLOGY
Application
ONLINE APPLICATION
To complete your admission file, we will need:
Completed Application
$50 non-refundable application fee
Official copies of all college/university transcripts
If you are applying for the Master of Arts in Theology, we will also need:
Two completed Reference Forms
Completed Statement of Intent
If you are applying for the Master of Arts in Theology with DCE Certification, we will also need:
Two completed Reference Forms
Completed Statement of Intent
Completed Supplemental Application
Completed Statement of Theological Agreement
If you are applying for the Cross-cultural Ministry Center (LCMS Pastoral Certification), we will also need:
Completed Supplemental Application
Completed Cover Letter
A copy of your completed Vicarage Application and Agreement
Completed Statement of Theological Agreement
Report from your Seminary District Interview (please contact your district office to schedule this interview)
Three completed Reference Forms. One of those forms should come from the pastor of your congregation, but the others can come from other Christians who can speak in support of your character and abilities as a future missionary pastor in The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod.
If you are applying for the Cross-cultural Ministry Center (LCMC MA Track), we will also need:
Completed Supplemental Application
Completed Cover Letter
Completed Statement of Intent
Three completed Reference Forms. One of those forms should come from the pastor of your congregation, but the others can come from other Christians who can attest to your spiritual, professional and academic aptitude.

Files must be completed prior to acceptance to the program and registration for classes. Admission may be granted for any semester of the year, including summer.

Admission Requirements

To be eligible for admission, you must have:

A bachelor's degree from a regionally accredited institution, or an international evaluation showing the equivalent of a regionally accredited U.S. bachelor's degree
Evidence of ability to achieve success in a graduate program, shown by the following:
For full admission: a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or better (4.0 scale) in all previous college work
For provisional admission: a cumulative GPA of 2.70-2.99 in all previous college work. Students admitted with provisional status may enroll for a maximum of nine graduate units (three courses). If a minimum GPA of 3.25 is earned in the three graduate courses (9 units), candidates may be granted regular status in a graduate program
Evidence of a sufficient level of proficiency in English as established by the TOEFL exam (for students whose primary language is not English).
International Applicants

Due to the online format of the MA Theology program, students applying from outside the United States will not be eligible for an I-20 to obtain an F-1 Visa.

Transfer Credit

A maximum of six (6) graduate units may be transferred into the program from an accredited university or college. These courses must be approved by the Dean of Christ College and must closely match course descriptions in Concordia's MA in Theology program.

A maximum of six (6) graduate units may be used from courses taken during non-degree seeking student status. The student must request in writing that these courses be used for matriculation in the MA, and approval must be granted by the Dean of Christ College.

Application Deadlines

MA program
Fall Start - July 1
Spring Start - November 1
Summer Start - April 1

CMC program
Fall Start- April 15
Spring Start - Sept 15
Summer Start - February 15

Contact

If you have any questions about the application process, or to submit applications and subsequent documents, please address them to:

Carrie Donohoe
Concordia University Irvine
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

carrie.donohoe@cui.edu
(949) 214-3389 (phone/fax)

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

