on Application. Replacement diplomas are available by completing the Diploma Reorder Form. The cost for a replacement diploma is $25 and takes 6-8 weeks to obtain.

Federal Loan Exit Counseling

If you have borrowed money under the Stafford Loan program, federal regulations require you to complete Loan Exit Counseling before graduating. The Financial Aid Office has arranged for you to complete the session online at www.cui.edu/loans. If you have questions, contact Financial Aid at 949-214-3066.

Commencement Information

Commencement is a celebration of degree completion and is reserved for students who have completed all of their degree requirements. No student will be allowed to participate who has not completed all of their degree requirements.Graduates may only participate in one commencement ceremony. Ceremony options are listed on the Graduation Application for each semester. Fall Commencement celebrates Summer and Fall graduates and Spring Commencement celebrates Spring graduates only.

Communication Regarding Commencement

Check your Eagles email frequently, note, and adhere to any deadlines communicated. Late responses will jeopardize your ability to participate in the Commencement ceremony.

Regalia

Gowns are sized according to height and weight and are ordered according to information provided by the student on the Application for Graduation. Academic regalia is free of charge and includes a cap, gown, tassel, and hood. Regalia will be withheld until all financial obligations and graduation application requirements are met.

Hood Information

The green lining of the hood is the same for all hoods. The velvet hood coloring is based on your discipline as follows:

MAEd & MEd - Light Blue
MA: Church Leadership - Red
MA: Coaching - Green
MA: Counseling - White
MA: Educational Leadership - Light Blue
MA: Executive Coaching & Consulting - White
MA: International Studies - White
MA: Organizational Leadership - White
MA: Theology - Red
MBA - Brown
MHA - Salmon
MPH - Salmon
MS: Coaching - Gold
Honors

Graduate students are not eligible for honors. In academe, being admitted and completing a graduate degree is considered an honor.

Decorum Policies
Gown length and style may not be altered. Hoods may not be customized in any way. Modest personal embellishments are allowed on the cap, but MUST lay flat, cannot extend over the edge, and must be appropriate.
Only CUI-approved regalia (including pins, stoles, cords, and medallions) bestowed at the Undergraduate Academic Achievement ceremony and provided by university-sponsored clubs or CUI Veterans Resource Center may be worn at graduation. Decorative items such as costume leis, beads, or sashes may only be worn after the ceremony.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

