https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/index/id/25856
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar

Registration & Classes 
Graduation
Academic Catalog
Student Records 
Academic Calendar
Forms 
Resources 
Contact Us
Master's Degree Graduation Requirements
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR
ON THIS PAGE 
Graduation Applications
Master’s Degree Candidates

Degree posting is not automatic and all students who wish to have their degree posted must complete an Application for Graduation. This is necessary regardless of intent to participate in the commencement ceremony. It is the student's responsibility to submit the application to the Registrar's Office before the posted deadlines. Meeting the application deadline is very important to ensure there is not a delay in getting your degree posted.

Late applications will jeopardize your eligibility to participate in commencement. The application deadlines and fees are listed on this website and academic calendar. Students may only participate in the ceremony at the end of their last semester.

Graduation Application

Your advisor will email you with instructions on how to apply for graduation; please follow these instructions closely.

Students who have their graduation application canceled will be required to submit a Reapply Graduation Application during the semester in which they complete all degree requirements. Reapply students are not eligible for commencement.

Application Deadlines and Fee Schedule

A late fee will be assessed for late applications. A late application will jeopardize your eligibility to participate in commencement. The application deadlines are as follows:

Summer 2023	Fall 2023	Spring 2024
May 26, 2023 (deadline to walk in Fall commencement)	$185	September 8, 2023 (deadline to walk in commencement)	$185	December 1, 2023 (early applications)    	$185
Late Applications (after May 26, 2023)	$340	Late Applications (after September 8, 2023)    	$340	January 26, 2024 (deadline to walk in commencement    	$215
 	 	 	 	Late Applications (after January 26, 2024)    	$340
Summer 2024	Fall 2024	Spring 2025
May 30, 2024 (deadline to walk in Fall commencement)	$185	September 13, 2024 (deadline to walk in commencement)	$185	December 6, 2024 (early applications)	$185
Late Applications (after May 26, 2024)	$340	Late Applications (after September 13, 2024)	$340	January 31, 2025 (deadline to walk in commencement	$215
 	 	 	 	Late Applications (after January 31, 2025)	$340
Graduation Application Fee

All students enrolled in their capstone course will be billed the $185 Graduation Application Fee. This is a one-time fee so if you do not complete the course and need to re-register, you do not need to pay it again. The Graduation Application Fee is non-refundable and assessed regardless of the student's intent to participate in the commencement ceremony.

This fee covers the administrative time needed to process the application, run a degree audit, track the student’s progress and post the degree to the student’s transcript. It also covers the cost of ordering and mailing the diploma. A late fee will be assessed for late applications.

Degree Requirements

See the Academic Catalog for specific requirements.

Degree Posting and Transcripts

Degrees will not be evaluated for verification or conferral and diplomas will not be released until all financial obligations are met. Otherwise, degrees will be posted after all requirements have been satisfied.

Please allow 4-6 weeks after the end of the term for the final posting of your degree and make future plans accordingly. Transcripts can be ordered through the Registrar's Office online. Click the button below for more information.

ORDER TRANSCRIPTS

Diplomas

Official diplomas are issued 6-8 weeks after the degree is posted provided that you have no outstanding financial obligations to the University. They are mailed to the address provided on your Graduation Application. Replacement diplomas are available by completing the Diploma Reorder Form. The cost for a replacement diploma is $25 and takes 6-8 weeks to obtain.

Federal Loan Exit Counseling

If you have borrowed money under the Stafford Loan program, federal regulations require you to complete Loan Exit Counseling before graduating. The Financial Aid Office has arranged for you to complete the session online at www.cui.edu/loans. If you have questions, contact Financial Aid at 949-214-3066.

Commencement Information

Commencement is a celebration of degree completion and is reserved for students who have completed all of their degree requirements. No student will be allowed to participate who has not completed all of their degree requirements.Graduates may only participate in one commencement ceremony. Ceremony options are listed on the Graduation Application for each semester. Fall Commencement celebrates Summer and Fall graduates and Spring Commencement celebrates Spring graduates only.

Communication Regarding Commencement

Check your Eagles email frequently, note, and adhere to any deadlines communicated. Late responses will jeopardize your ability to participate in the Commencement ceremony.

Regalia

Gowns are sized according to height and weight and are ordered according to information provided by the student on the Application for Graduation. Academic regalia is free of charge and includes a cap, gown, tassel, and hood. Regalia will be withheld until all financial obligations and graduation application requirements are met.

Hood Information

The green lining of the hood is the same for all hoods. The velvet hood coloring is based on your discipline as follows:

MAEd & MEd - Light Blue
MA: Church Leadership - Red
MA: Coaching - Green
MA: Counseling - White
MA: Educational Leadership - Light Blue
MA: Executive Coaching & Consulting - White
MA: International Studies - White
MA: Organizational Leadership - White
MA: Theology - Red
MBA - Brown
MHA - Salmon
MPH - Salmon
MS: Coaching - Gold
Honors

Graduate students are not eligible for honors. In academe, being admitted and completing a graduate degree is considered an honor.

Decorum Policies
Gown length and style may not be altered. Hoods may not be customized in any way. Modest personal embellishments are allowed on the cap, but MUST lay flat, cannot extend over the edge, and must be appropriate.
Only CUI-approved regalia (including pins, stoles, cords, and medallions) bestowed at the Undergraduate Academic Achievement ceremony and provided by university-sponsored clubs or CUI Veterans Resource Center may be worn at graduation. Decorative items such as costume leis, beads, or sashes may only be worn after the ceremony.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

