https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/mba/core
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Business Administration
Curriculum 
Faculty
Alumni
Mentorship
Financial Aid
Events 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
CORE COURSES
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
EXPLORE 
MBA Core Courses

You will take 5 core courses (20 credits) and then choose from a wide variety of electives to design a pathway suited to your skills and passions. Our focus on best practices and our faculty of business professionals help us offer a distinctive program on our campus in Irvine, California.

MBA CORE
20 Units
MBA 603: Science of Management
4

In this course students learn how to apply a scientifically researched and developed management approach to strategic planning, designing corporate structures, managing organizations and people. The course further explores proven techniques for building and maintaining a culture for success. The course approaches general management through 4 frames developed for effectively utilizing resources and creating value for shareholders. Please note that a Business Exam fee is required for this comprehensive and interdisciplinary course.

MBA 604: Account Reporting & Analysis
4

This course explores accounting as the financial language of business, analyzing financial statements and the application of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). It covers reporting financial transactions on both accrual and cash bases, adopting an interdisciplinary approach with advanced methodologies for enriched analysis. Emphasis is placed on using sophisticated quantitative techniques to enhance decision-making processes and elevate financial management strategies.

MBA 605: Contemporary Marketing Strategies
4

This course provides a comprehensive overview of contemporary marketing strategies tailored for managers in various sectors. Emphasizing modern processes beyond traditional approaches, it covers dynamic identification of evolving needs, creating demand with compelling value propositions, and adeptly managing the competitive landscape.The course equips students with the latest insights and tools and prepares them for success in today's fast-paced, digitally-driven marketing environment.

MBA 606: Data-Informed Finance
4

This course explores various aspects of finance, focusing on minimizing risk and maximizing value through strategic capital acquisition and allocation. Topics include leveraging data for financial analysis, evaluating a company's financial health, and employing advanced cash flow modeling for informed capital investment decisions. Funding for working capital needs, the role of data analytics in corporate planning, and earnings announcements will also be covered. Students will gain a nuanced understanding of how to revolutionize financial decision-making for enhanced performance.

Prerequisites: MBA 604 and Economics course with a grade of B or better or MBA 632.

MBA 607: Business Leadership Strategies
4

This course equips leaders with essential tools to acquiring and interpreting data for informed decision-making. It emphasizes critical assessment of marketing, production, research and development, and resource allocation models for organizational excellence. Students will develop a strategic mindset to optimize operational facets and enhance business leadership strategies. The focus is on honing skills for leveraging data in dynamic business leadership.

Prerequisites: MBA 603, MBA 604, MBA 605, and MBA 606.

Next, you get to choose 8 elective courses that will allow you to specialize in areas like marketing, finance, management, entrepreneurship, strategy, and sports business.

VIEW ELECTIVE COURSESVIEW SPORTS BUSINESS PROGRAM

IACBE Accreditation

As you research Business Schools, you may notice that some business programs are accredited by organizations with long acronyms such as AACSB, IACBE, and ACBSP. What is accreditation and why does it matter? Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. The Concordia School of Business chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with IACBE to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

