https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/mba/electives
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Business Administration
Curriculum 
Faculty
Alumni
Mentorship
Financial Aid
Events 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
ELECTIVES
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
EXPLORE 
MBA Elective Courses

Building on the foundational core courses, unlock your potential and choose to focus your degree in an area that interests you. By selecting the courses that fit your skills and aspirations you can specialize in areas like marketing, finance, management, entrepreneurship, strategy, or sports business. Elective courses are offered based on the availability of instructors, many of whom are practicing business professionals.

MBA ELECTIVE COURSES
Units
MBA 608: Business Analytics
2

This course focuses on business modeling and analysis to enhance organizational effectiveness and strategic and managerial decision making in diverse industries. Students learn tools to manage complex business problems and mitigate risk. Students will model current business processes, systems, and strategies; depicting trends and effects, prescribing the best path for optimum results and effective decision making.

MBA 610: Contract Management
2

This course will cover the fundamentals of contract management, exploring all phases of managing a contract successfully from formation through completion of performance including change management, communications, contract types, terms and conditions, risks, defaults, terminations, claims, and more.

MBA 611: Data Analytics
2

In this course, students will examine how data analysis technologies can be used to improve decision-making. We will study the fundamental principles and techniques of data mining, with real-world examples and cases to place data-mining techniques in context, to develop data-analytic thinking, and to illustrate that proper application is as much an art as it is a science.

MBA 612: Business Franchise Solutions
2

Explore all of the elements required to develop a successful franchise system. At the conclusion of the course students will be able to identify the critical components that make up a franchise system, anticipate challenges in franchising a business and create a plan to take any business from a single point of distribution to a successful franchise system.

MBA 614: Human Resource Management
2

Human resource management processes are designed to ensure human talent is used effectively and efficiently to meet organizational goals. Explore labor markets, training and development, compensation, employee relations and more.

MBA 615A: Corporate Governance and Business Risk Management
2

This course aims to develop an understanding of the role corporate governance has on strategic risk management. Learn how the development of a firm’s internal policies, procedures and controls can minimize or eliminate undesirable areas of risk. Gain a solid understanding of current business risk issues in board structure and management, increasing cyber security risk, long term financial performance and ethical decision making.

MBA 615B: Corporate Governance and Legal Risk Management
2

Learn how the development of a firm’s internal policies, procedures and controls can minimize or eliminate undesirable areas of risk. Learn ways to enhance existing compliance programs. Gain a solid understanding of the main legal issues as well as risk management industry best practices. Prerequisite: MBA 615A.

MBA 616: Advanced Investing
2

This course is designed to provide students with a foundation in derivative analysis. The course examines derivative valuations, strategies, and their applications in managing investments and financial risk. Students will learn about the theoretical underpinnings and the practical applications of derivatives (stock options) in a simulated trading account, trading options using a simulated, professional trading platform. Proprietary analytics will be used to forecast price standard deviations. Prerequisite: MBA 675 Investing or MBA 674 Investing Practicum

MBA 620: Global Leadership
2

This course explores the global business environment and the leadership qualities needed to be successful in today’s expanding markets. This course provides a forum for the development of strategies, skills and techniques that promote successful leadership within organizations having a global strategic base where cross-cultural, social, political and economic environments differ.

MBA 621: International Finance I
2

This course will focus on the globalization of the marketplace and events currently taking place in the global financial markets. Basic essentials of international financial management will be explored from a macroeconomic framework, including flow of funds, balance of payments and financial markets; currency, credit and stock markets, and the variables that influence them. Prerequisite: MBA 604

M