 objective corporate, social and environmental measures. Explore how sustainable companies attract capital, earn the best returns, and help preserve earth’s depleted resources.

MBA 668: Negotiation
2

This course explores the essential elements of negotiation; equips students with the necessary tools to negotiate successfully; enhances their negotiating skills through frequent role plays, reflection, and feedback; and challenges the student to continually improve their professional negotiations.

MBA 670: Digital Marketing
2

Marketing media and channel use is changing rapidly. This course looks at the underlying theory and practice of new media tools to reach and develop relationships with customers.

MBA 674: Investing Practicum
2

This course gives students practical hands-on investment experience using a variety of software tools to analyze trends and execute transactions.

MBA 675: Investing
2

This course examines company stocks using fundamental and technical approaches developed by industry leaders; e.g., Benjamin Graham, Warren Buffet, and William O'Neil. Students will examine equities through the review of financial statements, stock charts, and spreadsheets that calculate valuation in real time. The course furthers stock analysis by exploring business decisions that drive success or failure, and the effect and the consequence of leadership on a company's stock price. Basic investment portfolio theories, financial derivatives (options), and trading platforms for individuals will be explored.

MBA 684: Project Management
2

This course introduces the basic principles of project management, including analysis, planning and monitoring, and development of knowledge areas as defined by the Project Management Institute. Students will be introduced to software technology tools for use in projects applications.

MBA 686: Business Process Management
2

This course introduces the principles of business process modeling, design, analysis and re-engineering, to transform an organizational process that improves performance and achieves specific goals. Current business models and software tools used to bring organizational change will be introduced.

MBA 688: Marketing Communications
2

The process of effective marketing will be examined from a practical perspective. The focus of this course will be on how companies market; from branding to expenditure to ROI (return on investment) evaluation. The ethical implications of the marketers will be scrutinized, to insure students are aware of the pitfalls inherent in marketing functions.

MBA 689: New Product Development
2

This course explores new product development, emphasizing the stage-gate process, examining product ideation, market research, team management, project management, marketing, financial modeling and metrics.

You complete your curriculum through the Capstone course, choosing either the creation of a business project or a business plan.

VIEW CAPSTONE COURSESVIEW SPORTS BUSINESS PROGRAM

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

