https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/mba/capstone
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Business Administration
Curriculum 
Faculty
Alumni
Mentorship
Financial Aid
Events 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MBA CAPSTONE COURSES
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
EXPLORE 
MBA Capstone

You will practice what it means to become a leader and apply your knowledge in our four-unit capstone courses through the creation of a business project or a business plan. You prepare for your capstone through research in your MBA coursework, so you’ll be ready for one of these hands-on courses. Through your capstone, you will sharpen your strategic thinking and add advanced skills to your toolbox.

MBA CAPSTONE
Units
MBA 695: Project
4

In the Capstone Project, student teams contract with business clients, identify a problem, research and analyze, and propose solutions. Typically, projects include exploration, research, development and implementation of: operations, marketing/branding, finance, accounting, or business processes. Early registration (at least two months prior to the start of the Capstone course) is required for this course. Graduation Application Fee: $185. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: MBA 603, MBA 604, MBA 605, MBA 606, MBA 607 and 4 Elective Courses.

MBA 695E: Project - Extension
4

Students work toward completion of the MBA 695 Capstone project under the direction of a faculty member. The Extension course requires additional fees and can be repeated once. Prerequisite: Prior approval by instructor.

MBA 696: Business Plan
4

Capstone business plans are the core documents used to formulate, develop, and communicate new business opportunities. Students will develop a comprehensive proposal of an original idea; a funding proposal for an entrepreneurial venture; or a new product line or business venture within an existing organization. Graduation Application Fee: $185. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: MBA 603, MBA 604, MBA 605, MBA 606, MBA 607,and 4 Elective Courses.

MBA 696E: Business Plan - Extension
4

Students work toward completion of the MBA 696 Capstone business plan under the direction of a faculty member. The Extension course requires additional fees and can be repeated once. Prerequisite: Prior approval by instructor.

Personal Attention

If you are looking to earn your MBA, you’re the kind of person who understands the value of mentorship and the transformational nature of community. You know this is going to be no small task, and it will take real determination and grit to unlock your potential and complete your graduate degree. But you also know you’ll come out of it a changed person. Will it be worth it? Absolutely. Because what you gain in personal connections to mentors and friends is invaluable.

DISCOVER WHAT OUR ALUMNI ARE DOING
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

