 Edward (Ed)
BA, Bucknell University, MBA, University of Denver
edward.willett@cui.edu
Edward Willett
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Experience

Over 30 Years of professional experience in the sports industry. Worked for Sports Illustrated, USA TODAY, ESPN, LPGA, Topgolf and several sports startups .

Education

Prior to his work in higher education, Dr. Wolf worked in management for a large financial institution as well as for a non-profit company. One of his favorite experiences was working ten years for the Professional Football Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio.

BA, Bucknell University, MBA, University of Denver
Courses
Sports Leadership
Sports Media
Public Relations

Bio Page

Williams, Megan
MBA, Concordia University Irvine
megan.williams@cui.edu
Megan Williams
Adjunct Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Megan has extensive experience managing large scale projects pertaining to complex mergers and acquisitions, strategy and innovation/technology. Additionally, Megan has expertise in setting up project management offices and leading global virtual teams.

Megan Williams is currently working as Senior Project Manager for General Electric (GE) Healthcare. She is an experienced project leader with a proven track record of leading successful clinical projects, technology projects, and product development initiatives to improve patient care.

She is passionate about mentoring young professionals and is honored to serve as a Concordia University Irvine MHA advisory board member.

Education
MBA from Concordia University, Irvine
B.A. from University of California, Irvine
Courses
Project Management
Winkler, Phillip
MSEE, Nuclear Fusion and Plasma Dynamics, University of Southern California
phillip.winkler@cui.edu
Phillip Winkler
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Phillip (Todd) Winkler is trained in Electrical Engineering (BSEE - LeTourneau, MSEE - USC) and experienced in multiple disciplines as a data analyst, software programmer, systems design and system engineering. He has 23 years as a systems engineer in IT technical sales. He has deep expertise in servers, data storage, IT systems and data center architectures. Previously he worked in the defense industry for 12 years as a missile systems software designer, data analyst and data visualization expert.

He has always been called by his middle name Todd.
He has lived in 26 different places in the US and Europe.
He enjoys teaching, solving problems and technology.
He has been a follower of Christ since 4th grade.
He lives in Lake Forest with his beautiful wife Dawn.
He has two boys, both in college - Concordia University Irvine and Cal Poly SLO.
He has a Bachelors of Science in Electrical Engineering from LeTourneau University in east Texas.
He has a MSEE from USC in 1992 in Nuclear Fusion and Plasma Dynamics.
He loves outdoor sports, travel and racquetball.

Bio Page

Wolf, Drew
Ed.D., Educational Leadership and Management, Capella University
drew.wolf@cui.edu
Drew Wolf
MBA Director & Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Dr. Drew Wolf serves Concordia University Irvine School of Business as the MBA Director and Assistant Professor. Before joining Concordia University Irvine nine years ago, Dr. Wolf held a variety of staff and teaching positions at a private Christian university and a large community college, both in Ohio.

Prior to his work in higher education, Dr. Wolf worked in management for a large financial institution as well as for a non-profit company. One of his favorite experiences was working ten years for the Professional Football Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio.

Dr. Wolf’s education includes his doctorate in Educational Leadership and Management preceded by degrees in Corporate Communication. Dr. Wolf has had papers presented in California, Ohio, New Mexico, and India. His two most recent peer-reviewed publications focus on the incorporation of a theoretical framework using Appreciative Inquiry to develop resiliency in businesses. He has also served as a peer reviewer for a number of publications including the International Journal of Human Resource Management. He has volunteered for a number of years for LASEC, Los Angeles Sports and Entertainment Commission.

Courses
MBA 642 Effective Communication
MBA 603 Management
MBA 678 E-commerce
BUS 261 Information Technology

Bio Page

Zoltany, Laszlo
MBA, Finance, Brandman University
laszlo.zoltany@cui.edu
Laszlo Zoltany
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Professor Zoltany likes to be referred to as an entrepreneur or intrepreneur in business and in education. His philosophy of teaching evolved from embracing the concept around andragogy while working in corporate America and instructing business courses at Concordia University. He has hands on business knowledge as a Financial Manager of national, public and private organizations. Professor Zoltany considers the most important position he has ever had is teaching currently for his alu