k management. Professor Chatani is co-author of several Fraud Casebooks published by John Wiley & Sons of New York, is a contributing author for the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) Examination on IFRS training programs. He also provides his time to the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners (ACFE) as the Orange County Chapter’s Vice President and Board member.

Education
MBA in Finance from Boston University
BS in Accounting from the State University of New York at Albany
Certified Public Accountant (CPA)
Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE)
Certified Internal Services Auditor (CISA)
Forensic Certified Public Accountant (FCPA)
Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA)
Fluent in English and Japanese

Bio Page

Christenson, Mark
MBA, The Claremont Graduate School
mark.christenson@cui.edu
Mark Christenson
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Extensive line management experience in a variety of business settings from Fortune 500 companies and smaller organizations to owning a small business for 15 years. Varied background centered in general and brand management with consumer goods organizations. I have worked for Hunt Wesson Foods (packaged foods), The Upper Deck Company (sports collectibles/event marketing), The Queen Mary (consumer goods and attractions) and K-Co Products (consumer hardware).

Education
BS in Business Administration (Marketing Emphasis) from Cal Poly Pomona
MBA from The Claremont Graduate School
Courses
Marketing Management
International Management
Change Management
Human Resources Management

Bio Page

Francis, Mark
MA, Sports Administration & University Teaching, University of New Brunswick (Canada)
mark.francis@cui.edu
Mark Francis
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Mark holds an MBA and MA in Sports Administration as well as a Diploma in University Teaching from the University of New Brunswick (Canada). He has recently been retained by Concordia University Irvine where he is serving as the Director of the Sports Business program and Assistant Professor. Mark has also served as a Sports Business Professor at UCLA Anderson’s Center for Media, Entertainment and Sports since 2011, and as an academic advisor to educational technology company and UCLA Anderson Academic partner, Athleta-Ed. He is also course developer and professor for the MBA program in Hockey Business at the Business of Hockey Institute for Athabasca University in Edmonton. In 2016, Mark had the privilege of acting as the Lead Instructor for UCLA Extension’s Custom Programs in Sports & Entertainment Marketing in Shanghai, China and served in a similar capacity for Jiaotong University of Shanghai in 2018. Mark currently serves as an advisor to IMPACT Internship LLC.

In addition to his professional academic work, Mark also boasts a wealth of consulting experience through his consulting company, MARK ONE Sports & Entertainment, whose clients have included Athleta-Ed, Edwards Technologies International, Panasonic, Business of Hockey Institute, California Center, BaAM Productions, Concordia University Irvine and UC Irvine.

Mark has in depth experience at all levels of Sports & Entertainment with significant expertise in fan/guest engagement technologies and large-scale event management and marketing. He speaks regularly on numerous topics related to the business of sports, hi-lighted by the 2019 Keynote presentation on the NCAA College Admissions Scandal, 2019 Future of Sports Conference with the LA Chargers, 2019, PrimeTime Sports Management Conference (Toronto), 2018 Keynote Presentation for Sport BC AGM, 2017 UCLA Anderson Big Data Conference, 2015 Gravity Summit & UCLA Sports Technology Panel, 2014 SATE Conference in Themed Entertainment, 2014 LA Dodgers/LA Chamber of Commerce panel on Sports Technology, and the 2014 Beverly Hills Chamber of Commerce Panel on the “Art of Negotiation in Sport.”

Through his extensive industry work, Mark has developed a deep professional network of leaders throughout all levels of sports & entertainment, many of whom appear annually during his Sports Business program at UCLA Anderson. He also serves on the international board of advisors for the European-based IBJA Sports Alliance Group.

Mark served Head Coach of the Men’s Ice Hockey program at UCLA from 2010-2017 and won the 2017 PAC 8 Conference Championship, 2013 & 2017 Crosstown Cup and 2017 Los Angeles Kings College Cup. He was also selected as one of two finalists for the PAC 8 Coach of the Year Award for 2012 and was selected as Head Coach of the PAC-8 Selects at the ACHA National Championships in Philadelphia in 2011 and 2013 respectively. Mark served a two-year term as the Associate Executive Director of the PAC 8 Men’s Hockey Conference. Prior to his move to Los Angeles in 2010, Mark served as Head Coach for the University of New Brunswick Women’s Varsity Hockey program from 2004-2007 and holds 2 USports Canada National Silver Medals and 2 Atlantic University Sport Championships a