https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/mba/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Business Administration
Curriculum 
Faculty
Alumni
Mentorship
Financial Aid
Events 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MBA FACULTY
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
EXPLORE 
Dr. Drew Wolf, MBA Director
A Message from the Director

Welcome to the Master of Business Administration, a program that prepares students to make a difference in organizations. Completing graduate work in business offers immersive opportunities to add skills to your toolkit, such as leadership, strategic thinking, data analysis, marketing, finance, accounting, and other applications and theory.

Whether your undergraduate degree was in business or not, we welcome students interested in pursuing a graduate business program. We have a well-learned student body from diverse undergraduate degree backgrounds including health care, journalism, human resources, engineering, graphic design, theology, and more. As employees in the workforce, MBA students provide unique insight and even opportunity to their peers for immersion and exposure to a significant number of areas.

The MBA program offers rigorous curriculum taught by faculty who are practitioners – instructors involved in the business arena themselves. Our classes have a small faculty student ratio, providing an opportunity for individualized attention from these business leaders. In addition, our faculty are Christians with a belief in Jesus Christ as our Savior. Our classrooms are not Bible studies, but our instructors are comfortable having a discussion about beliefs in the business world. I invite you to view our faculty bios below. I am especially proud of our talented group of professors who are sincerely engaged and available to our students.

Our MBA program here started in 1999, so you are part of a 20 year history of an educational journey focused on business practices with a blend of theory. Students can choose to progress through the program full-time or part-time as they complete five core courses, eight elective courses, and the capstone course. The average completion time for the MBA is 16 to 24 months. Our adult learners are professionals, often already working in the business arena, as they embrace the networking opportunities our program affords, both within the classroom and in the corporate community.

We look forward to building the business leaders of tomorrow – and those leaders of tomorrow include YOU!

‌
Learn from Experience

Our students learn how business is done by the people actually doing it. Concordia MBA professors teach from experience. When they're not in the classroom, many are running successful businesses of their own. Whether you want to advance in an established organization or start your own, you'll learn how to make it happen from instructors who are dedicated to helping students explore and refine their talents. Using their strong backgrounds and credentials in marketing, accounting, finance, management, and data our professors are working to teach you how to do something that works and works well.

Finance
Julius Agbor

Experience: Over 20 years of professional experience working for governments, academia, think tank and the private sector in developing, emerging and advanced economy contexts.
Education: Ph.D. Economics, University of Cape Town (South Africa), M.Com. Economics (Cum Laude), University of the Western Cape, Cape Town, B.Sc. Economics, University of Yaounde II (Cameroon)
Courses: Economics, Finance

Richard Ingrassia

Experience: 20+ years in equity research and investment banking. Analyst & Consultant at PwC, Kagan Roth Capital, Digital Offering, Wheelhouse Digital
Education: M.S. Journalism, Northwestern University, B.A. Economics, University of Notre Dame
Courses: Capstone Project and Capstone Business Plan, Investing

Robert McClatchy

Experience: CFO, operations management, and controller, positions in the transportation, finance, and nonprofit sectors
Education: M.B.A., Pepperdine University, B.S. Environmental Science, University of California Riverside
Courses: Economics, Investing, Investing Practicum, Advanced Investing

Laszlo Zoltany

Experience: Controller and Finance Manager
Education: Controller and Finance Manager
Courses: Accounting

Marketing
Shea Frates

Experience: Digital Media Strategist at Pacific Life; 10+ years in social media and digital marketing strategy
Education: M.B.A., Concordia University Irvine; B.A. Mass Communication, Concordia University Irvine; M.S. Candidate in Digital Media Management at USC
Courses: Digital Marketing, Marketing Communications

Raj Mitra

Experience: VP and Senior Director positions for Hewlett-Packard, Cisco Systems and Thales. 20+ years in product development and marketing
Education: M.B.A., New York University, Stern School of Business; B.S. Mechanical Engineering, BITS, Pilani, India
Courses: Mark