ncy in businesses. He has also served as a peer reviewer for a number of publications including the International Journal of Human Resource Management. He has volunteered for a number of years for LASEC, Los Angeles Sports and Entertainment Commission.

Courses
MBA 642 Effective Communication
MBA 603 Management
MBA 678 E-commerce
BUS 261 Information Technology

Bio Page

Zoltany, Laszlo
MBA, Finance, Brandman University
laszlo.zoltany@cui.edu
Laszlo Zoltany
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Professor Zoltany likes to be referred to as an entrepreneur or intrepreneur in business and in education. His philosophy of teaching evolved from embracing the concept around andragogy while working in corporate America and instructing business courses at Concordia University. He has hands on business knowledge as a Financial Manager of national, public and private organizations. Professor Zoltany considers the most important position he has ever had is teaching currently for his alumni at Concordia University as an Adjunct Professor. Some of the organizations he has worked with and learned from include: The Irvine Company, UDR, Inc., Strategic Sanitations, Inc., and The Ticket Group, Inc. His goal is to 'create the savvy business leader' by teaching the importance of global and diversity perspectives in business and future business trends.

On a personal level, my hobbies include "Tennis". My favorite sports include tennis, soccer, and basketball. My door is always open. Please feel free to e-mail me with any questions. Please remember, I am outdoors on weekends and won't always get reception, while on the courts and chasing down tennis balls. I promise to get back to you within 24 hours.

Education
MBA, Finance - Brandman University, Chapman University System, Irvine, CA
Bachelors of Art, Business Administration, Organizational Leadership - Brandman University, Chapman University System, Irvine, CA
Courses
MBA-604-Accounting
BAL-309-Finance Basics for Managers
BAL-201-Macroeconomics

Bio Page

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

