sumer goods and attractions) and K-Co Products (consumer hardware).
Education: BS in Business Administration (Marketing Emphasis) from Cal Poly Pomona and an MBA from The Claremont Graduate School.
Courses: Marketing Management, International Management, Change Management, Human Resources Management

Anthony Marcus

Experience: Over 35 years of professional experience in the legal industry; worked for the Los Angeles District Attorney, the County Counsel, and Fuller Theological Seminary; owner and founder of Anthony Marcus Law Firm and has acted as a managing partner since its inception; Dr. Marcus has been practicing law since 1989.
Education: Juris Doctorate Degree Cum Laude from Alexandria University, Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy
Courses: MBAS 613 Sports Law and Ethics, SPBU 350 Sport Law

Ed Willett

Experience: Over 30 Years of professional experience in the sports industry. Worked for Sports Illustrated, USA TODAY, ESPN, LPGA, Topgolf and several sports startups
Education: BA, Bucknell University, MBA, University of Denver
Courses: Sports Leadership, Sports Media, Public Relations

Strategy
Ben Olbon

Experience: Director of Sales and Training for Breakthrough Sports, Founder of Outcome Elite Mental Strength Coaching and Leadership Development Academy, 20+ years in Sales Training and Sales Leadership in Healthcare and Finance, Captain (O-3) United States Marine Corps, Division I Athlete
Education: M.B.A. Concordia University – Irvine; B.A. Political Science, University of North Carolina – Chapel Hill, Certified Energy Leadership Index - Master Practitioner
Courses: Leadership and Development, Basic Selling Skills, Advanced Selling Skills

Roger Philips

Experience: 20+ years in senior-level positions for software companies
Education: M.S. Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of California Berkeley, B.S.E. Aerospace and Mechanical Engineering, Princeton University

Megan Williams

Experience: Megan Williams is currently working as Senior Project Manager for General Electric (GE) Healthcare. She is an experienced project leader with a proven track record of leading successful clinical projects, technology projects, and product development initiatives to improve patient care.
Megan has extensive experience managing large scale projects pertaining to complex mergers and acquisitions, strategy and innovation/technology. Additionally, Megan has expertise in setting up project management offices and leading global virtual teams. She is passionate about mentoring young professionals and is honored to serve as a Concordia University Irvine MHA advisory board member.
Education: MBA from Concordia University, Irvine, B.A. from University of California, Irvine
Courses: Project Management

Drew Wolf

Experience: MBA Director, Fortune 500 Financial Company Management, Non-profit entertainment corporation
Education: EdD Leadership and Management
Courses: Effective Communication, Management, E-commerce, Information Technology/Business Analysis Tools & Business Statistics

Our Full Team
Adelseck, Daniel
MBA, Biola University
daniel.adelseck@cui.edu
Daniel Adelseck
Adjunct Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Professor Dan admires productivity, creativity, and passion for work. He graduated summa cum laude and received his doctorate from Grand Canyon University with a focus on scaling micro-enterprises. He is particularly interested in research focused on the intersections of business, technology, and faith.

Dan is a practiced investor, entrepreneur, and real estate broker. Dan invested the first years of his career in sales and strategic alliances. During this time, he developed integrated solutions with technology companies including Boeing, Oracle, Ameritrade, Experian, General Dynamics, Microsoft, and Hewlett Packard. He won numerous sales awards and was recognized as the top revenue producer and alliance builder by multiple companies.

In 2001, Dan started a real estate investment business ultimately acquiring 130 rental units in Southern California, Phoenix, and Las Vegas. Today, he has consolidated his assets into three real estate investment corporations and manages them part-time. Additionally, he has also conducted over $40,000,000 of transactions as a licensed real estate broker and investor.

He earned his undergraduate degree at UCLA with a minor in business and two master’s degrees with high honors from Biola University. He loves Jesus Christ, his beautiful wife Amy, their six children, and the gift of life. Dan travels often on trips to places including Ethiopia, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Peru, and Mexico to support missions aimed at eradicating disease and poverty.

Dan values an integrated life and the practiced synergy between one’s business, faith, and sense of adventure. Dan teaches alongside and supports organizations aimed at building entrepreneurial productivity in underprivileged areas. He continues to be active in ministry at his local church, ser