for the Los Angeles District Attorney, the County Counsel, and Fuller Theological Seminary.

Dr. Marcus is the owner and founder of Anthony Marcus Law Firm and has acted as a managing partner since its inception. Dr. Marcus has been practicing law since 1989. He received his Juris Doctorate Degree Cum Laude from Alexandria University, School of Law top 5 percent of his class. To protect the United States Constitution, he later obtained his Ph.D. examining the application of international law in the United States Courts. Dr. Marcus is a dedicated litigator practicing in both Federal and State Courts. Throughout his career, he has successfully represented a diverse clientele in a broad range of complex cases. His previous experience at the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office has taught him how to be a fierce advocate for justice. Dr. Marcus is practicing before the California Superior Court, United States Southern District of California, United States Central District Court of California, and the California Court of Appeal. Dr. Marcus is affiliated with the American Bar Association, the Orange County Bar Association, and the Los Angeles Bar Association.

Education
J.D. Juris Doctorate
Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy
Courses
MBAS 613 Sports Law and Ethics
SPBU 350 Sport Law

Bio Page

Mazer, Alain
B.S., Biology, U.C. Irvine; MBA, Concordia University, Irvine
alain.mazer@cui.edu
Alain Mazer
Biography

Alain's history includes startup, M&A, IPO and turnaround roles with United News & Media, Ocean Pacific Apparel (Op), Pacific Sunwear of California (PacSun), Namco Bandai Games, Spy Optic and Razer. Alain’s experiences include marketing and public relations, journalism, publishing, competitive cycling and music performance.

Education
MBA, Concordia University, Irvine
B.S., Biology, U.C. Irvine
Courses
Business Process Management (MBA-686)
Strategic Management (MBA-607)
McClatchy, Robert
MBA, Pepperdine University
robert.mcclatchy@cui.edu
Robert McClatchy
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Robert's career spans over the transportation, finance, and nonprofit sectors where he has held operations management, controller, and CFO positions. He currently serves on the boards of Reef Check and Blue Water Photo.

Robert specializes in asset and equity valuations using hard data to develop and test pricing and forecast models.

Education
Pepperdine University, MBA
UC Riverside, Environmental Science, B.S.

Bio Page

Mitra, Raj
MBA, New York University
raj.mitra@cui.edu
Raj Mitra
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Mitra has held vice-president and senior director level leadership roles in global product marketing, product development and product life cycle management with Hewlett-Packard, Cisco Systems and Thales. His leadership style accelerates collaboration among functions while deploying best practices and processes.

Mitra blends an expertise in translating market insights and business acumen into high impact innovative product portfolios along with a global Go-To-Market skill set. For over twenty years, he has developed, launched and marketed over 100 products for Hewlett-Packard, Cisco, Thales, Intel, and Duracell.

Education
MBA, New York University, Stern School of Business, New York, NY
Bachelor in Mechanical Engineering, BITS, Pilani, India
Courses
New Product Development
Marketing for Results
Marketing Communications
Nagel, Kit
MIM, International Marketing, Thunderbird School of Global Management
kit.nagel@cui.edu
Kit Nagel
Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Professor Nagel is an expert in global marketing. His specific areas of expertise in consumer packaging, supply-chain, and large scale turnkey project management have led to extensive global assignments. Most recently, Nagel was in Berlin working with the pharmaceutical firm Bayer on helping realign its global supply chain.

Nagel teaches at both the MBA and undergraduate levels and enjoys bringing a real-world, cross-disciplinary perspective to preparing students for their careers. Senior executives today note the shortage of trade-literate, culturally sensitive managers, and Nagel’s former students have gone on to positions with leading multinationals and government agencies.

On the academic side, his students have gone on to graduate programs at Tufts, NYU, and the London School of Economics.

Marketing Manager-Asia with Fortune 100 International Paper Co.
VP-Commercial Development with Servrite International
Born in the UK; worked and traveled in over 50 countries
Education
MIM-AGSIM
Publications
International Business: The Challenge of Globalization (Pearson)
"Global Market Entry - Rules of Engagement" (Xlibris)
"Quants Gone Wild" (WSJ)
"Global Marketing Management" (Pearson)
"Luther on Trade and Commerce" (CPH)
Courses
International Marketing
International Finance
Marketing Research
New Venture/Entrepreneurship
History of Economic Thought
Global Enterprise

View Curriculum Vitae

Bio Page

Olbon, B