g learner, Shea is a candidate in USC’s M.S. in Digital Media Management program, where she continues to hone her digital marketing craft.

Education
MBA, Concordia University, Irvine
B.A. Mass Communication, Concordia University, Irvine
M.S. Candidate in Digital Media Management at USC
Courses
Digital Marketing
Marketing Communications
Hoenecke, Karl
MBA, Concordia University Irvine
karl.hoenecke@cui.edu
Karl Hoenecke
Assistant Dean, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Karl Hoenecke completed his undergraduate studies with a degree in History from UC Santa Barbara followed by an MBA from Concordia University in Irvine. Starting at Enterprise Rent-A-Car after college, he worked his way to higher positions at New Horizons Computer Learning Centers as a General Manager and VP of Sales. His career has included stops at Great Clips, Inc. and Starbucks in store development and business advisory. After Starbucks, Karl worked for managed service provider, TeamLogic IT as the VP of Business Development, before beginning his journey with GZ6G. Most recently, Karl worked for Sports and Location Based event company, GZ6G Technologies as the Director of Sales and Operations. GZ6G specializes in media and fan experience technology for sports stadiums and large venues. Karl led the IT Services division supporting enterprise clients and local business clients alike. Hoenecke has been an adjunct professor in the Business School at Concordia for the past several years teaching classes which include, Business Franchise Solutions, Management, Sales and the MBA Capstone.

Education
Masters Business Administration, Concordia University, Irvine ('14)
Bachelor of Arts, University of California at Santa Barbara ('93)

Bio Page

Ingrassia, Richard
M.S., Journalism, Northwestern University
richard.ingrassia@cui.edu
Richard Ingrassia
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Professor Rich Ingrassia has more than 20 years’ experience as an analyst and consultant in advertising, media and entertainment, conducting primary research, writing industry newsletters and individual company reports and supporting nearly $2 billion in equity financings. Rich has advised senior management on issues of market analysis, business development, organization and operations, and he continues to draw his insights from a wide network of current and former CEOs, professional money managers and other experts in the space. His work spans app- and browser-based mobile and social media; online video, over-the-top TV and related IP broadcast technologies; motion picture production, distribution, finance and exhibition; and all facets of digital marketing and advertising.

Education
Northwestern University, M.S. in Journalism
University of Notre Dame, B.A. in Economics
Professional Highlights
Currently Managing Director of the media/technology practice at Digital Offering LLC, a next-generation venture finance firm in Laguna Beach, CA.
Currently CEO of Hash Finance, a start-up technology company in the Digital Offering portfolio that mines social media for stock trading ideas.
Formerly Senior Research Analyst at ROTH Capital Partners, where he was among the first on the sell-side to cover Netflix, IMAX, aQuantive, Bankrate.com and many others.
Formerly strategy consultant at PricewaterhouseCoopers in Los Angeles, where he guided strategic initiatives for AT&T, Boeing, DreamWorks, MGM and others.
Formerly analyst and appraisal specialist at Paul Kagan Associates, where he acted as consultant and expert witness for The Walt Disney Company, Intel, Artisan Entertainment and others.
Has appeared on CNBC and Bloomberg TV and has been quoted in the Wall Street Journal, Investor’s Business Daily, USA Today and Forbes.
Courses
Capstone
Investing
Marcus, Anthony
J.D. Juris Doctorate, Alexandria University
anthony.marcus@cui.edu
Anthony Marcus
Adjunct Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Over 35 years of professional experience in the legal industry. Worked for the Los Angeles District Attorney, the County Counsel, and Fuller Theological Seminary.

Dr. Marcus is the owner and founder of Anthony Marcus Law Firm and has acted as a managing partner since its inception. Dr. Marcus has been practicing law since 1989. He received his Juris Doctorate Degree Cum Laude from Alexandria University, School of Law top 5 percent of his class. To protect the United States Constitution, he later obtained his Ph.D. examining the application of international law in the United States Courts. Dr. Marcus is a dedicated litigator practicing in both Federal and State Courts. Throughout his career, he has successfully represented a diverse clientele in a broad range of complex cases. His previous experience at the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office has taught him how to be a fierce advocate for justice. Dr. Marcus is practicing before the California Superior Court, United States Southern District of California, United States Central District Court of 