t, and controller, positions in the transportation, finance, and nonprofit sectors
Education: M.B.A., Pepperdine University, B.S. Environmental Science, University of California Riverside
Courses: Economics, Investing, Investing Practicum, Advanced Investing

Laszlo Zoltany

Experience: Controller and Finance Manager
Education: Controller and Finance Manager
Courses: Accounting

Marketing
Shea Frates

Experience: Digital Media Strategist at Pacific Life; 10+ years in social media and digital marketing strategy
Education: M.B.A., Concordia University Irvine; B.A. Mass Communication, Concordia University Irvine; M.S. Candidate in Digital Media Management at USC
Courses: Digital Marketing, Marketing Communications

Raj Mitra

Experience: VP and Senior Director positions for Hewlett-Packard, Cisco Systems and Thales. 20+ years in product development and marketing
Education: M.B.A., New York University, Stern School of Business; B.S. Mechanical Engineering, BITS, Pilani, India
Courses: Marketing, New Product Development, Marketing for Results, Marketing Communications

Mary Park

Experience: 10+ years of managing a global nonprofit impact media firm with innovative leadership and intercultural communication knowledge providing her firm with many firsts (media analytics, content strategy & innovation, and bringing third-party validation such as BBC & VOA programming
Education: Ph.D of Philosophy in Intercultural Studies at Biola University
Courses: Entrepreneurship

Matt Weiss

Experience: Matt Weiss is a data scientist at Facebook, helping lead product analytics in their Reality Labs division. Matt’s work spans across many products and features as he helps development of the company’s AI assistant. Prior to this, Matt was the head of business intelligence at In-N-Out Burger, developing the company's data strategy, building innovative reporting, crafting impactful analyses, and assisting with other wide-reaching initiatives. Additional experience includes leadership roles in analytics at Blizzard Entertainment and Taco Bell, with focuses on marketing, product engagement, and sales optimization.
Education: MBA at the University of California, Irvine, BA in Economics at the University of California, Santa Cruz
Courses: Data Analytics

Management
Daniel Adelseck

Experience: Professor Dan admires productivity, creativity, and passion for work. He graduated summa cum laude and received his doctorate from Grand Canyon University with a focus on scaling micro-enterprises. He is particularly interested in research focused on the intersections of business, technology, and faith.

Kevin Grant

Experience: Dr. Grant’s background as a Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer has allowed him to serve as a practitioner with a wealth of experience that cuts across the arenas of leadership education, training, and consultant management. His consulting clients include Fortune 500, start-ups, small to medium businesses, educational institutions, and non-profit organizations.
Education: Ph.D. in Global Leadership & Entrepreneurship, Regent University; M.B.A. Entrepreneurial Finance, Azusa Pacific University
Courses: Leadership Development, Finance, Economics, Global Leadership, Ethics, Management, Strategy, Human Resources

Karl Hoenecke - Interim Dean

Experience: Vice President of Business Development at TeamLogic It. 20+ years in developing franchising solutions.
Education: M.B.A., Concordia University Irvine, B.A. University of California Santa Barbara
Courses: Business Franchise Solutions, Management

Sports Business
Mark Christenson

Experience: Extensive line management experience in a variety of business settings from Fortune 500 companies and smaller organizations to owning a small business for 15 years. Varied background centered in general and brand management with consumer goods organizations. I have worked for Hunt Wesson Foods (packaged foods), The Upper Deck Company (sports collectibles/event marketing), The Queen Mary (consumer goods and attractions) and K-Co Products (consumer hardware).
Education: BS in Business Administration (Marketing Emphasis) from Cal Poly Pomona and an MBA from The Claremont Graduate School.
Courses: Marketing Management, International Management, Change Management, Human Resources Management

Anthony Marcus

Experience: Over 35 years of professional experience in the legal industry; worked for the Los Angeles District Attorney, the County Counsel, and Fuller Theological Seminary; owner and founder of Anthony Marcus Law Firm and has acted as a managing partner since its inception; Dr. Marcus has been practicing law since 1989.
Education: Juris Doctorate Degree Cum Laude from Alexandria University, Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy
Courses: MBAS 613 Sports Law and Ethics, SPBU 350 Sport Law

Ed Willett

Experience: Over 30 Years of professional experience in the sports industry. Worked for Sports Illustrated, USA TODAY, ESPN, LPGA, Topgolf and several sports startups
Education: BA, Buck