linary perspective to preparing students for their careers. Senior executives today note the shortage of trade-literate, culturally sensitive managers, and Nagel’s former students have gone on to positions with leading multinationals and government agencies.

On the academic side, his students have gone on to graduate programs at Tufts, NYU, and the London School of Economics.

Marketing Manager-Asia with Fortune 100 International Paper Co.
VP-Commercial Development with Servrite International
Born in the UK; worked and traveled in over 50 countries
Education
MIM-AGSIM
Publications
International Business: The Challenge of Globalization (Pearson)
"Global Market Entry - Rules of Engagement" (Xlibris)
"Quants Gone Wild" (WSJ)
"Global Marketing Management" (Pearson)
"Luther on Trade and Commerce" (CPH)
Courses
International Marketing
International Finance
Marketing Research
New Venture/Entrepreneurship
History of Economic Thought
Global Enterprise

View Curriculum Vitae

Bio Page

Olbon, Ben
MBA, Concordia University Irvine
ben.olbon@cui.edu
Ben Olbon
Adjunct Professor, School of Business and Economics
Education
M.B.A. Concordia University – Irvine
B.A. Political Science, University of North Carolina – Chapel Hill
Certified Energy Leadership Index - Master Practitioner
Experience
Director of Sales and Training for Breakthrough Sports
Founder of Outcome Elite Mental Strength Coaching and Leadership Development Academy
20+ years in Sales Training and Sales Leadership in Healthcare and Finance
Captain (O-3) United States Marine Corps
Division I Athlete
Courses
Leadership and Development
Basic Selling Skills
Advanced Selling Skills

Bio Page

Park, Mary
Ph.D of Philosophy in Intercultural Studies, Biola University
mary.park@cui.edu
Mary Park
Biography

Dr. Park’s primary role since 2013 has been to manage a global nonprofit impact media firm with innovative leadership and intercultural communication knowledge providing her firm with many firsts (media analytics, content strategy & innovation, and brining third-party validation such as BBC & VOA programming and a glowing review from the Atlantic to mention a few.

Mary Kay’s passion is helping clients lead in a VUCA world (Volatility, Uncertainty, Complexity, and Ambiguity, Source: Bennis & Nanus) with clarity, understanding, and agility. Dr. Park’s role in this is by delivering customized learning sessions utilizing experiences in management, intercultural communication, & transnational project management. Additionally, as a serial entrepreneur, I have learned how to fail fast and learn from mistakes. I've learned & grown the most from peers and students where I've been given the chance to share my craft at institutions such as Harvard Grad School of Ed, Middlebury Institute of International Studies (MIIS) and Biola University and at fortune 500 corporate training settings.

Navigating and emerging from the global pandemic experience highlighted the following personally: "Essential both in personal & work life are meaningful relationships." And difficult to deny is the fact that building meaningful relationships can be exponentially aided by Intercultural communication Insights.

Education
Ph.D of Philosophy in Intercultural Studies, Biola University
Courses
Entrepreneurship
Philips, Roger
M.S., Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of California at Berkeley
roger.philips@cui.edu
Roger Philips
Professor, School of Business
Biography

Roger Philips has been in international management for over twenty years. In addition to his consulting practice, he is adjunct professor and lead course instructor for the international business strand of Master of Arts in International Studies program at Concordia University. This program emphasizes study of Chinese business. Prof. Philips also teaches in the MBA program and leads business study tours to Shanghai and Beijing.

View Curriculum Vitae

Bio Page

Schuler, Yi
PhD Intercultural Education, Biola University
yi.schuler@cui.edu
Yi Schuler
Professor & Academic Advisor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Dr. Schuler has lived and served in higher education in both China and the United States. She has taken on various roles at Concordia since 2008 with experience in teaching, new program development, curriculum design, social research, faculty and student support, student recruitment, advising and retention, risk and change management, budgeting and marketing.

Dr. Schuler also worked seven years in a US high tech company as senior global accounts manager. She is bilingual in Mandarin Chinese and English. She has published and presented at various conferences. Her most recent publication is a book translation (from English to Chinese): Armstrong, J. (2017). Like mother, like daughter? How career women influence their daughters’ ambition, translation published by The Chinese Academy of Social Sciences Publishing House (2018).

She is a long term volunteer at her church and other community organizations. 