ughout all levels of sports & entertainment, many of whom appear annually during his Sports Business program at UCLA Anderson. He also serves on the international board of advisors for the European-based IBJA Sports Alliance Group.

Mark served Head Coach of the Men’s Ice Hockey program at UCLA from 2010-2017 and won the 2017 PAC 8 Conference Championship, 2013 & 2017 Crosstown Cup and 2017 Los Angeles Kings College Cup. He was also selected as one of two finalists for the PAC 8 Coach of the Year Award for 2012 and was selected as Head Coach of the PAC-8 Selects at the ACHA National Championships in Philadelphia in 2011 and 2013 respectively. Mark served a two-year term as the Associate Executive Director of the PAC 8 Men’s Hockey Conference. Prior to his move to Los Angeles in 2010, Mark served as Head Coach for the University of New Brunswick Women’s Varsity Hockey program from 2004-2007 and holds 2 USports Canada National Silver Medals and 2 Atlantic University Sport Championships as an Assistant Coach with the University of New Brunswick Men’s Ice Hockey program (1999-2004).

Bio Page

Grant, Kevin
Ph.D. in Global Leadership & Entrepreneurship, Regent University
kevin.grant@cui.edu
Kevin Grant
Biography

Dr. Kevin Grant is a widely published author, sought-after lecturer, and keynote speaker. Recently Dr. Grant was inducted into the International Educator Hall of Fame for his achievements in education. His consulting clients include Fortune 500, start-ups, small to medium businesses, educational institutions, and non-profit organizations. Dr. Grant’s goal is to help leaders and their businesses create an alternative future to grow profitably and transform their personal leadership, influencing their teams to become more productive, committed, and loyal.

Dr. Grant’s background as a Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer has allowed him to serve as a practitioner with a wealth of experience that cuts across the arenas of leadership education, training, and consultant management. His particular approach builds on real-life situations and needs, current knowledge, a variety of theoretical and methodological “standards”, and strategic thinking.

Dr. Kevin Grant has published journal articles on leadership transformation and written a book. He is currently completing two more books to be published in the near future. Most of Dr. Grant’s material for books and journals draws on his experience living in the UAE, and going to boarding schools in India and Pakistan. As a result, Dr. Grant has worked with and engaged in the International community and sees the world through a unique lens.

Education
Ph.D. in Global Leadership & Entrepreneurship, Regent University
MBA in Entrepreneurial Finance, Azusa Pacific University
Courses
Leadership Development
Finance
Economics
Global Leadership
Ethics
Management
Strategy
Human Resources
Frates, Shea
MA Business Administration
shea.frates@cui.edu
Shea Frates
Adjunct Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Shea Frates is a Social Media and Digital Marketing Strategist with 10+ years of experience. Currently, Shea is a Digital Media Strategist at Pacific Life, a Fortune 500 financial services company. Skillfully merging creativity, innovation, and data-driven insights, Shea increases revenue through brand awareness that exceeds stakeholder expectations.

After being crowned Miss Tustin 2013, Shea wanted to learn how to better promote herself and her platform. Her first step was enrolling in a social media class at a local community college, then interning and gaining outside school experiences after transferring to Concordia. After graduation, Shea continued developing her skills at various companies and industries such as e-commerce, technology, travel and tourism, hospitality, and insurance industries. Skillfully merging creativity, innovation, and data-driven insights, Shea increases revenue through brand awareness that exceeds stakeholder expectations.

A lifelong learner, Shea is a candidate in USC’s M.S. in Digital Media Management program, where she continues to hone her digital marketing craft.

Education
MBA, Concordia University, Irvine
B.A. Mass Communication, Concordia University, Irvine
M.S. Candidate in Digital Media Management at USC
Courses
Digital Marketing
Marketing Communications
Hoenecke, Karl
MBA, Concordia University Irvine
karl.hoenecke@cui.edu
Karl Hoenecke
Assistant Dean, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Karl Hoenecke completed his undergraduate studies with a degree in History from UC Santa Barbara followed by an MBA from Concordia University in Irvine. Starting at Enterprise Rent-A-Car after college, he worked his way to higher positions at New Horizons Computer Learning Centers as a General Manager and VP of Sales. His career has included stops at Great Clips, Inc. and Starbucks in store development and business advisory. After Starbucks, Karl worked for managed service provider, TeamLogic IT as the VP of Bus