ategic and operating skills. He has a demonstrated track record in managing client relationships while maintaining a strong focus on company’s market objectives and profitability. He delivers results because of core competencies in New Business Development, Client Relationship Management, Strong Centers of Influence, Team Building and Mentoring, Innovation and Problem Solving, and Competitive Market Intelligence. He has a long career in middle market banking, most recently with Wells Fargo Bank. Art has been an adjunct professor at Concordia University since 2004 and teaches Entrepreneurship and New Venture Finance.

Carter, Donna
M.S., Management, Claremont Graduate University
MBA, Pepperdine University
donna.carter@cui.edu
Donna Carter
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Ms. Carter has more than 25 years in marketing and public affairs encompassing strategic planning, operations, systems development, business development and account management. Her clients range from government agencies and national research projects to private sector clients throughout California. Since 2007, she is the owner of J-U Carter.

Ms. Carter literally “wrote the book” on public awareness campaigns for transportation construction projects when she codified for Caltrans the elements of effective public awareness campaigns in 1987. This work was later published with TCRP and has been adopted as model communications not only with the State of California, but also with transportation departments nationwide.

Ms. Carter also works with a roster of healthcare organizations ranging from the second largest insurer in the nation to the third largest health system in the nation to deliver effective marketing programs to members and patients.

Ms. Carter’s strength is developing strong, strategic plans that are objectively driven and use multi-layered tactical communication measures. She thrives working with diverse client agencies and is a master at understanding various customer and constituent groups and getting to the root of how to most effectively communicate with them.

A lifelong learner, she aspires to earn her PhD in management. She is a serial volunteer with leadership positions within Girl Scouts, Boy Scouts and Sea Scouts. She is also involved in forming and managing two foundations to benefit youth sailing.

Education
Master of Science in Management, Claremont Graduate University
MBA, Pepperdine University
Bachelor of Arts, University of California Los Angeles
Courses
Marketing Communication
Chatani, Kim
MBA, Finance, Boston University
kimiharu.chatani@cui.edu
Kim Chatani
Professor, School of Business
Biography

Kim Chatani is a Professor in the School of Business at Concordia University, Irvine where he teaches Accounting 604, Finance 606, Governance and Risk Management 615 A and International Finance 621. In addition, he teaches Auditing ACT 419, Financial Statements Analysis ACT 332 and FIN 332 and GASB 350, ACT 311 and 312 Intermediate Accounting at the Undergraduate level.

Professor Chatani’s experience includes numerous senior level positions at notable organizations: Audit Partner at Arthur Andersen, LLP and a Consulting Partner in charge of JD Edwards Business Solutions Group, Consulting Partner and Vice President of Technology Solutions at A.T. Kearney, Inc., Consulting Managing Director at BearingPoint (formerly KPMG Consulting) and Director of Japanese Advisory Practice at KPMG, LLP. He is also an Advisory Partner and Board member at Khronicle Partners, Inc., a boutique management consulting firm based in Irvine, CA. Concurrently, he serves on a number of organizations as a board member and the audit committee chairman.

He is a published author and expert on the topics of fraud and cyber-security, being interviewed numerous times in various publications including Forbes, Moody’s, and American Banker and speaking on Talk Radio. In addition, he is a frequent speaker at conferences with his knowledge cybersecurity and risk management. Professor Chatani is co-author of several Fraud Casebooks published by John Wiley & Sons of New York, is a contributing author for the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) Examination on IFRS training programs. He also provides his time to the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners (ACFE) as the Orange County Chapter’s Vice President and Board member.

Education
MBA in Finance from Boston University
BS in Accounting from the State University of New York at Albany
Certified Public Accountant (CPA)
Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE)
Certified Internal Services Auditor (CISA)
Forensic Certified Public Accountant (FCPA)
Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA)
Fluent in English and Japanese

Bio Page

Christenson, Mark
MBA, The Claremont Graduate School
mark.christenson@cui.edu
Mark Christenson
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Extensive line management experience in a variety of business settings from Fortune 500 companies and smaller 