Yi Schuler
Professor & Academic Advisor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Dr. Schuler has lived and served in higher education in both China and the United States. She has taken on various roles at Concordia since 2008 with experience in teaching, new program development, curriculum design, social research, faculty and student support, student recruitment, advising and retention, risk and change management, budgeting and marketing.

Dr. Schuler also worked seven years in a US high tech company as senior global accounts manager. She is bilingual in Mandarin Chinese and English. She has published and presented at various conferences. Her most recent publication is a book translation (from English to Chinese): Armstrong, J. (2017). Like mother, like daughter? How career women influence their daughters’ ambition, translation published by The Chinese Academy of Social Sciences Publishing House (2018).

She is a long term volunteer at her church and other community organizations. Dr. Schuler is a proud mother of two adult children, Michael and Michelle. In her spare time, she enjoys mountaineering, ultra-running, cycling, mountain biking, hiking, and backpacking.

Education:
Ph.D. – Intercultural Education, Biola University, La Mirada, CA
M. A. – British and American Literature, Sichuan University, China
B. A. – English Language and Culture, Minor – French, Sichuan International Studies University, China

View Curriculum Vitae

Bio Page

Ukleja, Mick
Ph.D., Theology, Dallas Theological Seminary
mick.ukleja@cui.edu
Mick Ukleja
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Mick Ukleja is founder and president of LeadershipTraQ, a leadership-consulting firm based in California. He hosted LeadershipTraQ Televised, an interview-format talk show in Southern California that profiled outstanding leaders. He helped found the Ukleja Center For Ethical Leadership at California State University, Long Beach, the second largest university in the state. His book, Who Are You? What Do You Want? Four Questions That Will Change Your Life, has been praised by legendary coach John Wooden, Grand Slam golf champion Gary Player, and many prominent leaders and CEOs, as “The one book to read that will immediately impact your life.” Mick has also co-authored two other books, The Ethics Challenge, and Managing the Millennials.

Mick has worked with entrepreneurs and corporate executives of businesses and organizations in the non-profit and for-profit sectors. He serves as Chairman of the Board of Trustees for the Astronauts Memorial Foundation at the Kennedy Space Center, which oversees the Center for Space Education. Mick holds a bachelor’s degree in philosophy, a master’s degree in Semitic languages, and a Ph.D. in theology. He received the President’s Distinguished Service Award from California State University, Long Beach in 2002, and in 2006, was named Distinguished Alumnus from the College of Liberal Arts.

Mick has been featured on Fox News, CNN, Fox Business Network, NBC, and in numerous publications. Click on this video to know more about LeadershipTraQ’s founder and President.



Courses
Leadership and Development
Weiss, Matthew
MBA at the University of California, Irvine
matthew.weiss@cui.edu
Matthew Weiss
Biography

Matt Weiss is currently the head of business intelligence at In-N-Out Burger, located in Irvine, CA. At In-N-Out, Matt helps influence the company's data driven strategy, build innovative reporting, craft impactful analyses, and assist with other wide-reaching initiatives. Prior experience includes leadership roles in analytics at Blizzard Entertainment and Taco Bell, with focuses on marketing, product design, and sales optimization.
 

Matt’s passions center on fostering analytical ability, data-driven storytelling, and intellectual curiosity in his team and with his students.

Education
MBA at the University of California, Irvine
BA in Economics at the University of California, Santa Cruz
Courses
Data Analytics
Willett, Edward (Ed)
BA, Bucknell University, MBA, University of Denver
edward.willett@cui.edu
Edward Willett
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Experience

Over 30 Years of professional experience in the sports industry. Worked for Sports Illustrated, USA TODAY, ESPN, LPGA, Topgolf and several sports startups .

Education

Prior to his work in higher education, Dr. Wolf worked in management for a large financial institution as well as for a non-profit company. One of his favorite experiences was working ten years for the Professional Football Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio.

BA, Bucknell University, MBA, University of Denver
Courses
Sports Leadership
Sports Media
Public Relations

Bio Page

Williams, Megan
MBA, Concordia University Irvine
megan.williams@cui.edu
Megan Williams
Adjunct Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Megan has extensive experience managing large scale projects pertaining to complex mergers and acquisitions, strategy and innovation/technology. Additionall