https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/mba/alumni
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Business Administration
Curriculum 
Faculty
Alumni
Mentorship
Financial Aid
Events 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MEET OUR ALUMNI
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
 
 
EXPLORE 
Alumni Spotlight

Many students know they have what it takes to become successful business leaders or entrepreneurs, they're just not sure how to harness their potential. They need direction from someone who's been there, to help develop their gifts. That's where we come in. At Concordia, our MBA program has a history of unlocking potential, regardless of age or occupation, as evidenced in these stories of our alumni.

A New ‘Major’ At CUI

Recent graduate Justin Winn, MBA ’20, has served on active duty with the U.S. Army for nearly 15 years, rising from an entry-level position as a helicopter mechanic to become a commissioned officer specializing in human resources. When Winn got the opportunity to pursue a graduate degree, he chose to come to Concordia Irvine to earn his MBA.

Read Story 

Class Connection Leads to VP Job

Michael Simons MBA '19 and Chris Sommers MBA '19 met in Concordia Irvine’s MBA program. Within a month of graduating, Chris hired Michael to be his company’s vice president of finance.

Read Story 

Restarting a Dream by Putting Learning Into Practice

Henry Alonzo, MBA '09, founder of Adarga Entertainment Group, grew up near Mariachi Plaza in East Los Angeles. There, he listened to the mariachi bands play and offer their services to passers-by. Today, Alonzo promotes some of the biggest bands in Latin music, and with his help, his clients have earned seven Latin Grammy awards.

Read Story 

‘Dual Enrollment’ Leads to Couple’s Promotions

William MBA '19 and Jaime MBA '19 Buda did something brave — enrolled as a newly married couple in Concordia Irvine’s MBA program. The result was a deeper personal relationship, and promotions at their respective jobs.

Read Story 

Experienced Entrepreneur Learns New Skills in MBA Program

Greg LeFever, 51, had plenty of business experience under his belt, having run a $300 million marketing budget for Land Rover and started his own corporate wellness business, but Concordia’s MBA program taught him new skills that he put to use right away — and helped him bring in more business.

Read Story 



Previous


Next
READ MORE STORIES
Upcoming Events

Join us at one of upcoming Information Nights to learn more about the MBA program at Concordia University Irvine or attend an MBA Mixer to network with faculty, staff, alumni, current and prospective students.

JUN

06

	

MBA Information Night

 Thu, Jun 06, 2024 6:00 PM

 Concordia University

What Our Alumni Are Saying
   
Being a foreign exchange student from France, Concordia's MBA program was a great opportunity for me to develop my understanding in business from different perspectives. Teachers are not simply teaching from textbooks, but they bring their experiences and knowledge from the business world, and build bridges for us to the professional world.

Vrunda Patel

Connect With Us
 
 
ALUMNI ASSOCIATION
We Are Concordia's MBA
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

