https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/mba/illuminating-mentorship-program
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Business Administration
Curriculum 
Faculty
Alumni
Mentorship
Financial Aid
Events 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
ILLUMINATING MENTORSHIP PROGRAM
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
The People Make the Program

A sounding board, business coach, advocate, advisor, connector, voice of reason, role model – your mentor sheds light on the path ahead. By being matched to mentors in your field of interest, you gain invaluable guidance that equips you for the pathway ahead.

What can you expect from a mentorship?
Insight into current job trends in your target professional fields
Possible paths to reach your professional goals
Advice on how to be a better professional, employee, or entrepreneur
Strategies to build and grow your professional network
Encouragement to shine in your professional field
Examples of how to maintain a good work-life balance

Concordia’s MBA students gain immediate access to the Illuminating Mentorship Program. Discover the advantage a mentorship can offer you and learn how our mentorship program can help inspire, start, build and enhance your career.

MBA Illuminating Mentorship Story
Illuminating Mentorship Program Details

Students enrolled in the MBA program will work with our coordinator to be paired with a mentor.

Mentorship takes place over two consecutive 15-week semesters, excluding summer
The mentor and mentee will arrange a minimum of 10 meetings in-person or online
There is no additional fee for the mentorship program

When a match is made, the mentor and the mentee will be contacted via email by our IMP Coordinator Dr. Tim Peters. Please check your Concordia emails often for updates.

Hand-Picked Leadership

Partnering with a mentor is the beginning of a professional network relationship where mentors can share best practices from across a variety of professional fields.

Sales
Marketing
Management
Finance
Accounting
Business development
Investment
Manufacturing
Engineering
Non-profit
Education

After an application and interview process, the applicant engages in an orientation with the coordinator. Those interested in becoming a mentor are invited to contact the MBA Illuminating Mentorship Program Administrator, Dr. Yi Schuler, at yi.schuler@cui.edu or (949) 214-3477.

Get Started Today

To learn more about how Concordia University Irvine’s Master of Business Administration (MBA) can unlock your pathway to success, complete the form below and our admissions counselor will connect with you.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
ZIP Code 
Applicant Type 
- Select applicant type
Domestic
International
Program of Interest 
- Select a program
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
Master of Business Administration in Sports Business
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

