https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/mba/apply
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Business Administration
Curriculum 
Faculty
Alumni
Mentorship
Financial Aid
Events 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MBA ADMISSIONS
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
APPLY NOW
Application Requirements

Students must possess a bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited institution.

We do NOT require students to take the GMAT exam but it will be taken into consideration with your file if you have completed the exam.

Requirements:
Your official transcript showing a conferred bachelor’s degree with a minimum GPA of 2.75
Current resume or vita showing 1-2 years of work experience
Two current letters of recommendation (submitted via the online form or by mailing this form)
Address the questions in your Statement of Intent
Pay the $50 application fee (International Students $150)

Please make every effort to package as many of your application materials (Resume/Vita, Letters of Recommendation, Statement of Intent) together in order to speed up the review process. If you cannot put all of your materials together, please be sure to submit your application first so we have information to match up with subsequent mail or emails that we receive.

Application materials can be mailed to this address:

Concordia University Irvine
MBA Admissions
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

ONLINE APPLICATION

Paper Application

International Students
There is a $150 application fee.

Please review the International Graduate Admission Procedure for additional information, requirements, and deadlines.

INTERNATIONAL PAPER APPLICATION

How are applicants selected?

Candidates are expected to provide evidence of their ability to achieve success in a graduate business program. Areas of measurement include but are not limited to:

Success as an undergraduate student demonstrated by continuous improvement in their academic performance.
A cumulative GPA of 2.75 or better (4.0 scale) in all previous college work meets this requirement.
Since a high undergraduate GPA is not necessarily an indicator of business success, Concordia considers all applicant's academic accomplishments on an individual basis.
Success as a member of the business community.
Success as a responsible and contributing member of society.
Success as demonstrated by moral and ethical leadership.
Get in Touch

If you need assistance with the admissions process, we invite you to contact us directly.

Brittany Galvez
Assistant Director of Graduate Admissions
brittany.galvez@cui.edu
949-214-3856

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

