https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/teacher-credential/purpose-and-outcomes
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Teacher Credential Program
Teacher Credentials 
Program Information
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Events 
Contact
Apply Now
Purpose and Outcomes
TEACHER CREDENTIAL PROGRAM
Preliminary Credential Program Purpose
Mission of School of Education

To prepare servant leaders who transform lives through innovative and exceptional educational practices to positively impact local and global communities.

Vision of School of Education

To be a distinguished school of education that attracts, equips, and supports servant leaders for today’s public and private schools.

Core Values Embraced by the School of Education
Christ-like Service
Loving, Dignified, Respectful
Personalized Attention
Relational, Supportive, Authentic
Effective Communication
Timely, Accurate, Clear
Stellar Instruction and Relevant Curriculum
Scholarly, Practice-Based, Innovation
Community and Alumni Partnerships
Strategic, Reciprocal, Collaborative
Preliminary Credential Program Outcomes

The teacher candidate plans and delivers instruction. The teacher candidate plans and delivers engaging, developmentally appropriate instruction based on the California Content Standards. The teacher candidate incorporates a variety of teaching strategies and resources to make the subject matter accessible and engaging to the needs of diverse students.

The teacher candidate uses assessment for a variety of purposes. The teacher candidate designs and interprets a variety of assessments, and also uses assessment data to plan instruction, monitor instruction, design and monitor the classroom environment, learn about and place students. In addition the teacher candidate uses reflective practice as a means of self assessment.

The teacher candidate provides a supportive learning environment. The teacher candidate creates a positive social environment and a safe and welcoming physical environment that supports learning for all students. The teacher candidate uses instructional time wisely and efficiently.

The teacher candidate models a servant-leadership lifestyle. The teacher candidate models servant-leadership, exhibits a professional attitude and communicates effectively with students, families and school personnel. The teacher candidate is aware of and carries out legal and ethical responsibilities.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

