https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/teacher-credential/CBEST-and-CSET
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Teacher Credential Program
Teacher Credentials 
Program Information
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Events 
Contact
Apply Now
Basic Skills Requirement and Subject Matter Competency
TEACHER CREDENTIAL PROGRAM
Test Requirements

The information below specifies options for meeting the basic skills and subject matter competency requirements. If you have any questions, or to learn more about Concordia University Irvine's Teacher Credential Program, please fill out our inquiry form, and we will respond promptly. Visit the CTC Exams website for information, dates, and registration for the CBEST and CSET if testing is the option you will use to meet the requirements.

Basic Skills Requirement

Applicants need to provide evidence of meeting basic skills requirement in reading, writing and math before admission to the Preliminary Teacher Credential Program. Evidence of basic skills can be provided in numerous ways including CBEST (California Basic Skills Test), ACT scores, SAT scores, AP courses, and/or college coursework.

For more information on the basic skills requirement, please see:

Basic Skills Requirement (CL-667)
CTC Basic Skills Guidance Chart
Subject Matter Requirement

Applicants need to fulfill the subject matter competency requirement before being allowed to student teach. Subject matter competency can be met in one of the following options per AB 130:

Completion of an academic major or Commission-approved Subject Matter Preparation Program in the subject area of the credential being sought.
Completion of coursework  addressing each of the Commission-adopted subject matter domains or Multiple Subject content areas.
Completion of CSET examinations.
Completion of a combination of coursework and CSET subtests that meets or exceeds the subject matter domains.

For more information on meeting the subject matter competency requirement, please see: CTC Subject Matter Options, in particular the chart of SMC options.

To learn more about all examinations and assessments required to become a teacher, please click here.

"Pursuant to the Title II of the Higher Education Opportunity Act (HEOA), Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CTC) approved institutions are mandated to report specific information about their teaching programs. Teaching programs include the preliminary Multiple Subject Teaching Credential, Single Subject Teaching Credential, and the Education Specialist Instruction Credential" (CTC, 2021).

Please click here for Concordia University Irvine's Title II report for the Teacher Certification Examination data.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

