https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/teacher-credential/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Teacher Credential Program
Teacher Credentials 
Program Information
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Events 
Contact
Apply Now
Faculty and Staff
TEACHER CREDENTIAL PROGRAM
Faculty
Chittick, Cari
949-214-3355
cari.chittick@cui.edu
Director of Lutheran Teaching Program | Associate Professor of Education
Biography

Dr. Cari Chittick is the Director of Lutheran Teaching Programs and LCMS Placement and an Associate Professor in the School of Education and Christ College at Concordia University Irvine. She has a passion for the ministry of Lutheran schools and for encouraging professional growth of future educators in their ministering to children with varying abilities; to enhance students’ academic potential, while nurturing their faith.

Prior to joining Concordia University Irvine, Dr. Chittick was the Director of Special Education at Concordia University Texas where she began the major and developed the program to equip future educators to support exceptional learners in all classroom settings. She has also developed elementary resource programs in two Lutheran schools.

In her spare time, Dr. Chittick enjoys exploring God’s creation and serving God through service and mission trips around the world.

Gomes, Robin
949-214-3342
robin.gomes@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Education
Biography

Robin Gomes has been serving in Lutheran education for over 20 years. Before serving at Concordia University, Robin worked as a teacher, assistant principal, and principal in Lutheran elementary schools in Nevada and California. Throughout that time, Robin led in the areas of teacher recruitment and retention, curriculum and assessment, and school consultancy in the Pacific Southwest District.

Robin is married to Domingo, a middle school teacher who she met as a student at Concordia University. They have two college-age children. Their pastimes include musical theater, going to Disneyland, enjoying the beach, and baseball.

Education
M.A.Ed, Curriculum and Instruction, Concordia University- Irvine, 2007
California Multiple Subject Clear Teaching Credential, 2000
B.A., Behavioral Science: Anthropology, Concordia University- Irvine, 1999
Hess, Teresa
949-214-3599
teresa.hess@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Education
Biography

Dr. Hess guides students through the process to become a teacher from student teacher placement to a Clear Credential.

Dr. Teresa Hess leads the student teaching program, which is the final requirement before filing for a Preliminary credential. 

Dr. Hess holds a Ph.D. in Education, with an emphasis in Disability Studies, from Chapman University in Orange, CA, a Master of Science Degree from California Lutheran University in Thousand Oaks, CA, and received her Bachelor of Arts in Liberal Studies from Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles, CA. In addition to her work at the university level, Dr. Hess has over 30 years of elementary teaching experience in both general and special education classrooms.

Education
Ryan Multiple Subject Teaching Credential
Learning Handicapped Credential
Resource Specialist Credential
Cross Cultural Language and Academic Development Certificate (CLAD)
Autism Authorization Certificate
Jaeger, Lori
949-214-3542
lori.jaeger@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Education | Director of Induction
Biography

Dr. Lori Jaeger serves as the Director of Induction and as an Assistant Professor in the School
of Education. Prior to joining the Concordia faculty in 2016, Dr. Jaeger spent thirty years
teaching in elementary school classrooms with experiences in planning and assessment,
implementing innovative teaching methods and developing curriculum. Dr. Jaeger is
committed to the teaching profession and cultivating lifelong learners.

In 1986, Dr. Jaeger began her teaching career in an urban setting, serving at First Lutheran,
Long Beach as a second grade teacher, athletic director and coach. Dr. Jaeger was called to
Bethany Lutheran, Long Beach in 1989, where she taught third grade, researched assessment
and mentored new teachers. In 2000, Dr. Jaeger accepted a new call to St. John’s Lutheran,
Orange and taught fourth grade for sixteen years. There she served as department chair for
the intermediate grade levels, where her responsibilities included curriculum mapping,
assessment of student learning and continuous curriculum reviews. Dr. Jaeger continues to
train preservice teachers, provide professional development and implement strategies for the
CalTPA teacher candidates.


Education
M.A., Curriculum and Instruction, Concordia University, Irvine, CA
B.A., Education, Concordia College, River Forest, IL
Areas of Expertise:
Curriculum and Instruction
Planning and Assessment
Instructional Strategies
Curriculum Mapping
Classroom Management
Morgan, Sara
949-214-3537
sara.morgan@cui.edu
Director of Specia