ty
NFL Combine: Cutting Edge Sports Training
The Shea Center
Chapman Baseball Compound
Learning Facilities

Concordia University Irvine's Kinesiology lab features equipment for use in Biomechanics, Exercise Physiology, Measurement, Sports Psychology, Motor Learning, Motor Control, Exercise Science and Statistics classes.

Learning Facilities

Concordia University Irvine's department of Kinesiology has two dedicated labs which offer multiple opportunities for lab-based instruction and research, both faculty and undergraduate. These dedicated spaces serve as central locations for students to apply what they have learned in didactic instruction to the development of laboratory skill sets working with human subjects. The Kinesiology laboratory settings are fully equipped for students to become competent in analyzing physical activity, therapeutic modalities, therapeutic and corrective exercise, strength and conditioning, cardiorespiratory fitness, electromyography, body composition, wellness screening, psychological variables, cognition, and kinematic and kinetic variables of movement.

Previous
Next
Kinesiology Curriculum

The Bachelor of Science in Kinesiology utilizes comprehensive coursework concerned with improving the health and wellness of people and includes a strong science foundation, lab and research opportunities, practical experiences, and community outreach opportunities. All students complete the Kinesiology Core Courses. Additionally, students will then choose to focus their degree in a specialized area of emphasis with room to customize based on their interests in the field:

Physical Activity, Fitness and Wellness
Health and Human Performance
Lifespan and Allied Health
KINESIOLOGY SAMPLE COURSES
BIO 246: Human Anatomy and Physiology I
4

First of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology. Topics include the structure and function of cells, tissues, and the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (fall semester).

KIN 220: Foundations of Human Movement Studies
3

This course will introduce and explore the broad field of human movement, exercise and physical activity. This course will introduce students to the domains and disciplines of study used to understand human movement, exercise and physical activity. Students will learn how to read, understand, critique, and write research articles the discipline of Kinesiology.


KIN 320: Historical, Social, Cultural Foundations of Sport and P.E.
3

This course will present and discuss the philosophical, historical, and sociological constructs relevant to sport and physical education. Philosophy of sport will explore ways to understand sport involvement. History of sport will be explored from Ancient Greece to modern times. Sociology of sport will be explored regarding current challenges, relevant issues, and controversies in sport and physical education.


KIN 365: Sport Psychology
3

The role of psychomotor and cognitive factors in human movement and sport settings are discussed and explored in this course along with selected topics of such as personality theory, arousal, attribution theory, achievement motivation, anxiety, sport performance interventions, goal setting, attention styles, aggression, social facilitation, social reinforcement, and imagery.


KIN 403: Biomechanics
4

This introductory course will look at the basic principles of anatomical mechanics and their applications to human movement including an analysis of efficient movement. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: KIN 317.


Meet Your Professors

The Concordia Kinesiology faculty is committed to the education of each individual student. Our small class sizes allow for many hands-on learning. The rigor of the program makes the graduates of the BS Kinesiology desirable in the medical, health and wellness industries and higher education.

Tammen, Vance
949-214-3271
vance.tammen@cui.edu
Kinesiology Department Chair
Biography

Dr. Vance Tammen serves as the Chair of the Kinesiology department in the School of Health and Human Sciences. He earned a BS and Ph.D. from University of Illinois and Master of Science from Kansas State University. His research specialty is the social psychology of sport and physical activity, focused on the motivation of coaches and athletes and wellness across the lifespan. He has published numerous papers on these topics and has done thousands of hours of sport psychology service to athletes, coaches, & organizations.

Olson, Terry
949-214-3270
te