is required. Prerequisite: KIN 317.


Meet Your Professors

The Concordia Kinesiology faculty is committed to the education of each individual student. Our small class sizes allow for many hands-on learning. The rigor of the program makes the graduates of the BS Kinesiology desirable in the medical, health and wellness industries and higher education.

Tammen, Vance
949-214-3271
vance.tammen@cui.edu
Kinesiology Department Chair
Biography

Dr. Vance Tammen serves as the Chair of the Kinesiology department in the School of Health and Human Sciences. He earned a BS and Ph.D. from University of Illinois and Master of Science from Kansas State University. His research specialty is the social psychology of sport and physical activity, focused on the motivation of coaches and athletes and wellness across the lifespan. He has published numerous papers on these topics and has done thousands of hours of sport psychology service to athletes, coaches, & organizations.

Olson, Terry
949-214-3270
terry.olson@cui.edu
Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences
Biography

Dr. Terry Olson serves as the Dean of the School of Health and Human Sciences following appointments as Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences and Chair of the department of Exercise and Sports Science. Dr. Olson’s educational background includes a BS from New Mexico State University and a MS and Ph.D. from the University of New Mexico. Dr. Olson’s current research emphasis is on self-regulation and critical thinking of pre-service teachers in physical education.

Meier, Nathan
949-214-3322
nathan.meier@cui.edu
Associate Professor
Biography

Dr. Nathan Meier completed his M.S. '13 (Kinesiology: Exercise Psychology) and Ph.D. '18 (Kinesiology: Physical Activity Epidemiology) from Iowa State University. Dr. Meier has experience as project manager, recruitment coordinator, and principal investigator for numerous research studies supervising undergraduate research assistants, and masters students. He actively recruits undergraduate students to participate in and lead their own independent research. He is the coach of the CUI Judo Club, holds a 4th degree black belt and has taken students to compete nationally. Overall, he is interested in lifestyle and health, especially avoiding chronic disease, healthy aging, and health promotion.

Dr. Meier has published a number of research articles relating to the physiological responses to stress relief methods in university students, validity of consumer-based physical activity monitors, the relationship of physical activity and fitness on the development of glaucoma, validation of multiple methods of body composition measurement for screening age-related loss of muscle mass, strength and function (Sarcopenia), and the relationship between physical activity, fitness, strength and muscle mass with sarcopenia.

Dr. Meier and his wife Sarah enjoy being outdoors hiking, running, and biking and promote lifestyle as medicine through healthy choices around diet and exercise.

Lee, EunJeong
949-214-3273
eunjeong.lee@cui.edu
Faculty
Biography

Dr. Lee has taught Biomechanics, Exercise Physiology, and Kinesiology courses at Concordia University Irvine since Fall 2020. Prior to Concordia, Dr. Lee was a research scientist in the Sarver Heart Center at the University of Arizona and a senior researcher at the Korea Institute of Machinery & Materials (KIMM) in South Korea. She has a Bachelor of Science in Physics from Ewha Womans University, a Master of Education in Physical Education from Seoul National University in South Korea, and a Ph.D. in Kinesiology (Concentration in Biomechanics) from University of Calgary, Canada. Dr. Lee has published 18 original research articles in peer-reviewed journals and over 20 refereed publications in conference proceedings in Biomechanics and Physiology. She has numerous experiences in biomechanical testing of skeletal and cardiac muscles from cellular to whole body levels. Dr. Lee’s current research interest is the mechanism of the preservation of eccentric strength in older adults or aged muscle.

Dr. Lee resides in Cypress with her husband Joo and daughter Minah. They are members of the Thanksgiving Church in Buena Park and enjoy being outdoors and going to the Sea World, San Diego.

Ryan, Michael
949-214-3479
michael.ryan@cui.edu
Faculty
Biography

Professor Michael Ryan brings a unique blend of performance and rehabilitation expertise to Concordia University Irvine's kinesiology program. His professional journey is marked by a variety of roles, including serving as a strength and conditioning coach at high school, collegiate, and professional sport levels. Additionally, his role as an exercise physiologist in wellness settings has honed his acumen in conducting thorough assessments and developing tailored lifestyle interventions for diverse populations. This background, coupled with his work in geriatric rehabilitation and health behavior change, underscores his ability to provide holistic care 