https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/exercise-sport-science
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Kinesiology Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Get Started
Kinesiology Major
SCHOOL OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Pursue Your Callings in Health and Wellness of the Human Body

Kinesiology is the study of human movement. This major focuses on a range of topics, issues and professions, including health, wellness, rehabilitation, therapy, exercise, human movement, and athletics. As a Kinesiology major at Concordia University Irvine, you will study God's greatest creation — the human body — how it moves, why it moves, how it breaks and the beauty of movement. If you are interested in teaching, research, medicine, coaching, fitness and other applications of human movement and function, this is the area of study for you.

Ready to Apply?
APPLY HERE

Choose from three areas of specialization to focus your Bachelor of Science in Kinesiology degree:

Physical Activity, Fitness and Wellness
Health and Human Performance
Lifespan and Allied Health
Opportunities for Kinesiology Majors

Your study of human movement can apply to a wide range of careers:

Teaching: Elementary, Middle and Secondary Health and Physical Education, or Higher Education
Research: Master's or Doctorate in Kinesiology or Other Health-related Fields
Medicine: Medical Doctor, Physical Therapist, Occupational Therapist, Nurse, Physician Assistant, Chiropractor, Athletic Trainer, Exercise Physiologist, Cardiac Rehabilitation Specialist, Respiratory Therapist, Radiologist, Ergonomist, Public Health Professional, Epidemiologist
Coaching: Sport Coach, Sport-Performance and Skill Coach, Strength and Conditioning Coach
Fitness: Health Coaching, Behavior Change Specialist, Nutrition Coaching, Employee Wellness, Personal Trainer, Management of Health and Fitness Facilities
Other: Sport Psychology, Sport Writing, Sport History.
Academic Opportunities

As a Kinesiology major, you can choose to combine your emphasis with a second emphasis (dual emphasis), a related Kinesiology minor, another university major (dual major), or a pre-professional program. You can also transition to Concordia’s Master’s programs in Education, Coaching and Exercise Sciences or Coaching and Athletics Administration. Students who enter as freshmen into our Freshman Advantage program will have preferential acceptance into our Concordia University Irvine Nursing Program.

Biochemistry Major
Coaching Minor
Fitness Programming Minor
Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway
Master of Arts in Coaching & Athletics Administration (MCAA)
Master of Science in Coaching and Exercise Sciences
Extracurricular Activities

Concordia University Irvine offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations.

Behavioral Science Club
CU Judo Club
Phi Epsilon Kappa Honorary Fraternity
Intramural Sports
Leadership, Education, and Development (LEAD) Program
Sports Management Club
Student Leadership
Ultimate Frisbee Club
Campus Ministries: abbeywest
Real World Experience

Every Kinesiology student is required to complete 126 minimum contact hours for the semester-long practicum. Concordia University Irvine's Kinesiology Program students have worked with specialists across a wide range of professions:

A2D Sports
Boys and Girls Club of Orange County
Corona Del Mar High School
Crean Lutheran High School
Discovery Sports Complex
Hoag Hospital
Kinetic Chain Physical Therapy
Memorial Care Hospital
Mission Viejo High School
Orisemba High School
Performance Physical Therapy and Sports Lab
Prime Volleyball Club
ProSport Physical Therapy and Performance
Raush Physical Therapy
REPAIR Sports Institute
Stark High-Intensity Training
T-Street Volleyball Club
United Cerebral Palsy of Orange County
YMCA of Orange County
NFL Combine: Cutting Edge Sports Training
The Shea Center
Chapman Baseball Compound
Learning Facilities

Concordia University Irvine's Kinesiology lab features equipment for use in Biomechanics, Exercise Physiology, Measurement, Sports Psychology, Motor Learning, Motor Control, Exercise Science and Statistics classes.

Learning Facilities

Concordia University Irvine's department of Kinesiology has two dedicated labs which offer multiple opportunities for lab-based instruction and research, both faculty and undergraduate. These dedicated spaces serve as central locations for students to apply what they have learned in didactic instruction to the development of laboratory skill sets working with human subjects. The Kinesiology laboratory settings are fully equipped for students to become competent in analyzing physical activity, therapeutic modalities, therapeutic and corrective exercise, strength and conditioning, cardiorespiratory fitness, electromyography, body composition, wellness screening, psychological variables, cognition, and kinematic and kinetic variables of movement.

Previous
Next
Kinesiology Curriculum

The Bachelor of Science in Kinesiology utilizes comprehensive coursework concerned with improving the health and wellness of people and includes a strong science foundation, lab and research opportunities, practical experiences, and community outreach opportunities. All students complete the Kinesiology Core Courses. Additionally, students will then choose to focus their degree in a specialized area of emphasis with room to customize based on their interests in the field:

Physical Activity, Fitness and Wellness
Health and Human Performance
Lifespan and Allied Health
KINESIOLOGY SAMPLE COURSES
BIO 246: Human Anatomy and Physiology I
4

First of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology. Topics include the structure and function of cells, tissues, and the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (fall semester).

KIN 220: Foundations of Human Movement Studies
3

This course will introduce and explore the broad field of human movement, exercise and physical activity. This course will introduce students to the domains and disciplines of study used to understand human movement, exercise and physical activity. Students will learn how to read, understand, critique, and write research articles the discipline of Kinesiology.


KIN 320: Historical, Social, Cultural Foundations of Sport and P.E.
3

This course will present and discuss the philosophical, historical, and sociological constructs relevant to sport and physical education. Philosophy of sport will explore ways to understand sport involvement. History of sport will be explored from Ancient Greece to modern times. Sociology of sport will be explored regarding current challenges, relevant issues, and controversies in sport and physical education.


KIN 365: Sport Psychology
3

The role of psychomotor and cognitive factors in human movement and sport settings are discussed and explored in this course along with selected topics of such as personality theory, arousal, attribution theory, achievement motivation, anxiety, sport performance interventions, goal setting, attention styles, aggression, social facilitation, social reinforcement, and imagery.


KIN 403: Biomechanics
4

This introductory course will look at the basic principles of anatomical mechanics and their applications to human movement including an analysis of efficient movement. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: KIN 317.


Meet Your Professors

The Concordia Kinesiology faculty is committed to the education of each individual student. Our small class sizes allow for many hands-on learning. The rigor of the program makes the graduates of the BS Kinesiology desirable in the medical, health and wellness industries and higher education.

Tammen, Vance
949-214-3271
vance.tammen@cui.edu
Kinesiology Department Chair
Biography

Dr. Vance Tammen serves as the Chair of the Kinesiology department in the School of Health and Human Sciences. He earned a BS and Ph.D. from University of Illinois and Master of Science from Kansas State University. His research specialty is the social psychology of sport and physical activity, focused on the motivation of coaches and athletes and wellness across the lifespan. He has published numerous papers on these topics and has done thousands of hours of sport psychology service to athletes, coaches, & organizations.

Olson, Terry
949-214-3270
terry.olson@cui.edu
Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences
Biography

Dr. Terry Olson serves as the Dean of the School of Health and Human Sciences following appointments as Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences and Chair of the department of Exercise and Sports Science. Dr. Olson’s educational background includes a BS from New Mexico State University and a MS and Ph.D. from the University of New Mexico. Dr. Olson’s current research emphasis is on self-regulation and critical thinking of pre-service teachers in physical education.

Meier, Nathan
949-214-3322
nathan.meier@cui.edu
Associate Professor
Biography

Dr. Nathan Meier completed his M.S. '13 (Kinesiology: Exercise Psychology) and Ph.D. '18 (Kinesiology: Physical Activity Epidemiology) from Iowa State University. Dr. Meier has experience as project manager, recruitment coordinator, and principal investigator for numerous research studies supervising undergraduate research assistants, and masters students. He actively recruits undergraduate students to participate in and lead their own independent research. He is the coach of the CUI Judo Club, holds a 4th degree black belt and has taken students to compete nationally. Overall, he is interested in lifestyle and health, especially avoiding chronic disease, healthy aging, and health promotion.

Dr. Meier has published a number of research articles relating to the physiological responses to stress relief methods in university students, validity of consumer-based physical activity monitors, the relationship of physical activity and fitness on the development of glaucoma, validation of multiple methods of body composition measurement for screening age-related loss of muscle mass, strength and function (Sarcopenia), and the relationship between physical activity, fitness, strength and muscle mass with sarcopenia.

Dr. Meier and his wife Sarah enjoy being outdoors hiking, running, and biking and promote lifestyle as medicine through healthy choices around diet and exercise.

Lee, EunJeong
949-214-3273
eunjeong.lee@cui.edu
Faculty
Biography

Dr. Lee has taught Biomechanics, Exercise Physiology, and Kinesiology courses at Concordia University Irvine since Fall 2020. Prior to Concordia, Dr. Lee was a research scientist in the Sarver Heart Center at the University of Arizona and a senior researcher at the Korea Institute of Machinery & Materials (KIMM) in South Korea. She has a Bachelor of Science in Physics from Ewha Womans University, a Master of Education in Physical Education from Seoul National University in South Korea, and a Ph.D. in Kinesiology (Concentration in Biomechanics) from University of Calgary, Canada. Dr. Lee has published 18 original research articles in peer-reviewed journals and over 20 refereed publications in conference proceedings in Biomechanics and Physiology. She has numerous experiences in biomechanical testing of skeletal and cardiac muscles from cellular to whole body levels. Dr. Lee’s current research interest is the mechanism of the preservation of eccentric strength in older adults or aged muscle.

Dr. Lee resides in Cypress with her husband Joo and daughter Minah. They are members of the Thanksgiving Church in Buena Park and enjoy being outdoors and going to the Sea World, San Diego.

Ryan, Michael
949-214-3479
michael.ryan@cui.edu
Faculty
Biography

Professor Michael Ryan brings a unique blend of performance and rehabilitation expertise to Concordia University Irvine's kinesiology program. His professional journey is marked by a variety of roles, including serving as a strength and conditioning coach at high school, collegiate, and professional sport levels. Additionally, his role as an exercise physiologist in wellness settings has honed his acumen in conducting thorough assessments and developing tailored lifestyle interventions for diverse populations. This background, coupled with his work in geriatric rehabilitation and health behavior change, underscores his ability to provide holistic care to individuals across the lifespan.

Beyond his practical experience, Professor Ryan is both a Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (CSCS) and an Athletic Training Certified (ATC) healthcare professional. His academic journey includes a Bachelor of Science in Exercise Physiology from California State University, Chico, and a Master of Science in Athletic Training from Concordia University Irvine. Currently, as a Ph.D. candidate at New Mexico State University, he is conducting research on sport pedagogy and the incidence of injuries in student-athletes.

His research contributions encompass a wide range, including authoring a book chapter on athlete-centered pedagogy in strength and conditioning coaching, publishing a study on a nutrition intervention aimed at improving body composition in high school athletes, and contributing to research in physical education teacher education.

In the classroom, Professor Ryan embraces a student-centered teaching philosophy, emphasizing experiential learning to equip students for real-world challenges across the diverse fields of kinesiology.

Residing in Laguna Niguel with his wife, Rosemary, Professor Ryan enjoys surfing, grappling sports, and playing music in his leisure time.




More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

KINESIOLOGY FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Kinesiology major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Dr. Vance Tammen
Kinesiology Department Chair
vance.tammen@cui.edu
(949) 214-3271

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

IRVINE SPECTRUM® and SPECTRUM™ are trademarks of Irvine Management Company used with permission.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

