https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/teacher-credential/apply
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Teacher Credential Program
Teacher Credentials 
Program Information
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Events 
Contact
Apply Now
Admissions Requirements
TEACHER CREDENTIAL PROGRAM & CLEAR INDUCTION CREDENTIAL PROGRAM

ONLINE APPLICATION

Required Supporting Documentation

In addition to a completed application, the following items will be needed to complete your admission file:

Preliminary Single Subject / Multiple Subject and Education Specialist/Dual Credential
$50 non-refundable application fee
Official transcripts (e-transcripts preferred) from every college/university attended sent to gradadmissions@cui.edu or Graduate Admissions Office. Must have a minimum GPA of 2.75 on a 4.0 scale for the bachelor's degree
Statement of Intent: Respond in 500 words why you want to attend school at Concordia and what you plan to do with your advanced degree? Explain how this new academic program will contribute to your career goals.
Two Professional or Academic References:
Online reference forms are sent directly to the recommender through the online application
You may also use the Online Form, if needed
Certificate of Clearance & Livescan fingerprinting using  the 41-LS form
For general instructions, select Certificate of Clearance Instructions
Negative tuberculosis (TB) test (results must be within 2 years of the start date)
Basic Skills Requirement (BSR) met
Submission of the Basic Skills/Subject Matter Pre-Evaluation Form with supporting documents
The Basic Skills Requirement (BSR) must be met for admission to the program. There are several ways to meet the BSR. If you wish to have our Concordia University Irvine credential analyst evaluate your coursework, you will need to submit your official transcripts and complete the Pre-Evaluation Form. An application must first be submitted.
The Subject Matter Competency Requirement (SMR) must be met before a student teaching placement can be requested. There are several options per AB 130 for fulfilling this. This evaluation will be completed once you enroll in your first teaching credential course at Concordia University Irvine.
Start Term	Start Date	Application Deadline
Summer 2024	May 6, 2024	March 1, 2024
Fall 2024	August 19, 2024	July 1, 2024
Spring 2025	January 6, 2025	November 1, 2024
Clear Induction Credential Program:

 

Traditional 2-Year Program Requirements
$50 non-refundable application fee
Two Professional or Academic References:
Online reference forms are sent directly to the recommender through the online application
You may also use the Online Form, if needed
Valid CA Preliminary Credential
Submit a screen capture of your document from your CTC portal. The Screen capture must show your name, document title, expiration date, authorization with subject description. DO NOT submit a copy of the certificate form.
Proof of full or part time employment as Teacher of Record for the upcoming school year (Submit an official letter on letterhead by School Administrator/HR verifying years of employment, teaching assignment, and full time or part time placement). DO NOT submit a contract or letter of intent.
1 Year Early Completer Option (ECO) Requirements

Applicants interested in the 1 year Early Completer option must meet one of the eligibility options & provide the corresponding admission documentation in addition to the Traditional Program Requirements.

Completed one year of a district-approved BTSA program/other Induction program
Proof of 1 year completion of BTSA/Induction program (certificate/transcripts/etc.)
Year-end teacher performance evaluation
Has a Master's Degree in Education and 1+ years teaching experience
Official e-transcripts w/degree posted sent to Grad Admissions Office or gradadmissions@cui.edu
Verification of experience (copy of signed contracts allowed)
Year-end teacher performance evaluation
Completed 2+ years teaching experience in CA
Verification of experience (copy of signed contracts allowed)
Year-end teacher performance evaluation
Has a teaching credential from another state and 2+ years teaching experience
Verification of experience (copy of signed contracts allowed)
Year-end teacher performance evaluation
Copy of out-of-state credential
Start Term	Start Date	Application Deadline
Fall 2024	October 14, 2024 	September 1, 2024
Fall 2025	October 2025	September 1, 2025
Students with International Transcripts

ALL non-US equivalent transcripts must arrive with a certified English evaluation and translation, and evidence of degree posted. The student must have a minimum GPA of 2.75 on a 4.0 scale, or equivalent to that according to the grading system used by the country that a student is applying from.

Please note that Concordia University Irvine does not have a translation or evaluation service, and students are responsible to get an official translation and evaluation done by a NACES-approved evaluation agency verifying the equivalent of a regionally accredited U.S. bachelor's degree or higher – Concordia University Irvine prefers international transcripts to be evaluated through IERF.

Please ask for a Detail Report (also known as a course-by-course report)
Mail it to:
Concordia University Irvine
ATTN: Graduate Admissions/School of Education
1530 Concordia West Irvine, CA 92612

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

