will learn the potential benefits of various informatics initiatives (e.g., electronic health records, laboratory reporting, patient portals) and implementation challenges for different types of organizations (e.g., hospitals, physician practices, health departments) and the management and use of institutional-specific and national-derived data.


MHA 516: Human Resources Management
3

This course will emphasize the concepts of human resources management through understanding and identifying the importance of human resources in health organizations, establishing the need for relating organizational strategic planning to human resource planning, examining the role of organizational culture to the understanding of behavior and productivity, and the legal environment pertaining to employment law.


MHA 525: Financial Management of Healthcare Organizations
3

The course will focus on financial management and analysis of healthcare organizations including financial management concepts, capital acquisition, cost of capital and capital structure, capital allocation, working capital management, forecasting, control systems, capital budgeting, and institutional financing.


MHA 571: Leadership I
3

This course focuses on leadership theory and project management, and their application to health service organizations. The foundation and principles of lean leadership are emphasized, and tools for improved self-understanding of personal leadership styles and their impact on organizational functionality will be introduced.


MHA 573: Vocation and Ethics in Healthcare Management
3

Examines ethical issues related to professional practice and leadership through the lens of relevant Christian doctrine (such as vocation and two kingdoms), classical moral philosophy, and contemporary ethical theory. Prepares students to analyze and respond to ethical questions faced by healthcare managers at the individual, organizational, and policy levels. Relevant professional codes of ethics will be consulted and analyzed.


MHA 588: Long-Term Care Administration
3

This course will review the care provided to senior citizens within a variety of institutional settings (hospitals, nursing facilities, various senior housing levels, etc.) as well as outpatient and home care services, Special attention will be given to nursing homes and senior housing options and their past, present, and future roles within the overall health care system in the U.S.


MHA 601: Capstone Practicum in Health Service Management
3

This culminating course offers an integrative learning experience for MHA students. Students will complete a capstone project that requires them to integrate theoretical knowledge and conceptual skills acquired through their coursework and other related experiences, with current literature, as they demonstrate application to the field. Upon completion of the written project, students will orally present their capstone in class. In addition to the capstone project, students will be required to develop an e-portfolio that includes reflective exercises and captures volunteer work. Graduation Application Fee: $185.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

