https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/healthcare-administration/capstone
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Healthcare Administration
About
Curriculum 
Faculty
Info Nights
Financial Aid
Newsletters
Partnerships
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
Capstone Project Options
Master of Healthcare Administration

The capstone course is taken during your final semester of the Master of Healthcare Administration program. You can choose to complete this project with a Program-Sourced Capstone Partner, Self-Sourced Capstone Partner, or an Employer Capstone Partner.

Program-Sourced Capstone Partners

This option allows students to complete a project with a facility that has approached the institution seeking students and assistance with a specific project with their organization. This is not guaranteed and still requires that the student get the facility's approval to complete a project within the given timeframe. Program Partners are under no obligation to accept any student and this decision is based on the need and capacity to work with students at any given time.

Self-Sourced Capstone Partners

Students are encouraged to explore capstone opportunities that fit their preferences and career goals. If the student needs assistance approaching outside organizations of interest, and there is no existing relationship with the MHA program, the program director and faculty may be able to assist.

Employer Capstone Partners

Students are encouraged to explore opportunities for capstone projects that fit their preferences and career goals. If the student works at a healthcare facility and his/her employer is willing to offer an opportunity for the capstone project then this can be considered. It should be made clear that this capstone project will not conflict with the student’s current duties.

The capstone project and accompanying research paper serve as the culminating assessment in the MHA program. Examples of capstone projects:

Create a marketing campaign for a healthcare facility
Work with management to revise existing policies and procedures and maximize operational efficiency
Plan and manage a fundraiser for a healthcare facility
Prepare and lead a new social media marketing campaign
Establish an international relations program for foreign physicians working at the facility
Develop a leadership training program for healthcare administrators
Establish a disaster drill procedure and program
Pilot a new system for a healthcare facility such as the EHR
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

