niversity of Massachusetts Global University in the School of Business.

Dr. Kassab’s background as a RN began in the cardiovascular ICU at Mass General. She has worked at high performing organizations across the nation over her 35+ years of a professional career. Tricia holds a doctorate degree in education, specifically organizational leadership from UMass Global. She is a reviewer for the Journal of Healthcare Quality. Tricia is a fellow in the American College of Healthcare Executives (ACHE) and is a certified professional in healthcare quality and healthcare risk management. Additionally, Tricia holds a healthcare accreditation certificate professional.

Outside of work, Tricia has 2 sons in their 20’s, one of whom graduated Berkeley and works at EPIC, the electronic health record company in Wisconsin. Her youngest son graduated Chapman University in computer science with both an undergraduate and master’s degree in computer science and is currently in a PhD program at the U. Wisconsin in Madison in data science. Tricia’s husband is an engineer and energy management for the Department of Defense at the Pentagon. In her spare time Tricia enjoys Zumba classes; reading, computerized sewing and Netflix!

Loy, David
Dean, Professor
david.loy@cui.edu
Dean, Christ College
Director of FaithWorks Center at CUI
Professor of Philosophy, Theology and Ethics

Curriculum Vitae

Education
Ph.D. St. Louis University, St. Louis, MO
M.Div. Concordia Seminary, St. Louis, MO
B.A. Valparaiso University, Valparaiso, IN
Professional Experience
Concordia University Irvine: Professor, 2019 - Present
Concordia University Irvine: Associate Professor, 2015 - 2019
Concordia University Irvine: Assistant Professor, 2011 - 2015
Zion Lutheran Church, Bolivar, MO: Pastor, 2003 - 2011
Research Interests
Doctrine of Vocation
Church, state, and public life
Political thought
Selected Publications
Translations
Editor, Pastoral Theology, by C. F. W. Walther. Translated by Christian Tiews (St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2017)
“C. F. W. Walther’s Concept of Missions,” by Volker Stolle. In Missio Apostolica 10, no. 1 (May 2002): 38-40.
“Kant’s Idea of Peace and the Philosophic Concept of a World Republic,” by Matthias Lutz-Bachmann. In Perpetual Peace: Essays on Kant’s Cosmopolitan Ideal, ed. James Bohman and Matthias Lutz-Bachmann, 59-77. Cambridge: MIT Press, 1997.
Miscellaneous
“Called By Whom and How? Reflections on the Structure of Vocation.” Concordia Journal 49, no. 1 (Winter 2023): 35–46.
 “Luther, Vocation, and the Search for Significance.” Lutheran Quarterly 35 (2021): 50–72. Responses by Robert Benne, Suzanne Hequet, and Kiara Jorgenson.
“Confession of a Lutheran University.” Concordia Theological Journal 7, no. 1 (Winter 2020): 60–76.
“Hegel’s Critique of Greek Immediacy.” Hegel Bulletin 42, no. 2 (2021): 157–79. (Originally published by Cambridge University Press online, Dec. 26, 2018.)
Contributor, Devotions on the Small Catechism. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2019
“To Be Known as I Know Myself: Identity, Politics and the Gospel.” Issues in Christian Education 48, no. 3 (Summer 2015). http://issues.cune.edu/the-lgbt-disputes-teaching-and-practice-in-the-church-2/the-lgbt-disputes-teaching-and-practice-in-the-church/
“What Is the Theology of the Cross.” Sidebar. LEA Shaping the Future (Summer 2014). http://stf.lea.org/summer2014/feat1schumacher.html.
“What the Gospel Does: Three Ways of Applying the Gospel Concretely.” Concordia Journal 36, no. 1 (Winter 2010): 21-31.
Bible Studies
The Parables Leaders Guide. Edited by Brian Chisamore. LifeLight Bible Study series. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2013.
1 and 2 Kings Leaders Guide (lectures only). Edited by Brian Chisamore. LifeLight Bible Study series. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2013.
Heaven and Hell. Edited by Brian Chisamore. LifeLight Bible Study series. Concordia Publishing House, 2012.
1, 2, 3 John Leaders Guide. Edited by Brian Chisamore. LifeLight Bible Study series. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2012.
Mirville, Peterson 
Adjunct Professor
peterson.mirville@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Peterson Mirville is an Army Veteran with 9 years of active duty service. As a Respiratory Therapist, he has worked in many facets of respiratory therapy; from treating the acutely ill, managing a respiratory department, to working as a Respiratory Consultant for a large nursing home company with over 100 nursing homes in the south. He currently functions as a Nursing Home Administrator for C-Ross Management, where he operates a 71 – bed nursing home. He has amassed over 25 years of progressive healthcare experience. He is very passionate about serving. Most importantly, he is passionate about family. He is a motivator, mentor, and teacher at heart, and takes great pride in helping others achieve their full potential. In his spare time, he enjoys playing the piano, keyboard, training in martial arts, and spending time with his family.

Educ