y series. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2012.
Mirville, Peterson 
Adjunct Professor
peterson.mirville@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Peterson Mirville is an Army Veteran with 9 years of active duty service. As a Respiratory Therapist, he has worked in many facets of respiratory therapy; from treating the acutely ill, managing a respiratory department, to working as a Respiratory Consultant for a large nursing home company with over 100 nursing homes in the south. He currently functions as a Nursing Home Administrator for C-Ross Management, where he operates a 71 – bed nursing home. He has amassed over 25 years of progressive healthcare experience. He is very passionate about serving. Most importantly, he is passionate about family. He is a motivator, mentor, and teacher at heart, and takes great pride in helping others achieve their full potential. In his spare time, he enjoys playing the piano, keyboard, training in martial arts, and spending time with his family.

Education
B.S. Respiratory Therapy – Augusta University (formally Medical College of Georgia)
MBA Health Care Administration – American Public University
DBA Leadership – Walden University
Nelson, Erin
Associate Professor
erin.nelson@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Communication Studies
Biography

Dr. Erin Nelson is an Orange County native and loves being part of the family at CUI. Her research interests include interpersonal and family communication with an emphasis on health. She has recently been published in Health Communication and Journal of Social and Personal Relationships with her research on coping with loss during the COVID-19 pandemic. She is a published scholar who continues to work on many research projects surrounding issues of health and interpersonal communication. She is also a member of the National Communication Association and has over 25 conference presentations. Her full time appointment is in the Communication Studies Department at Concordia but she also teaches in the Master of Healthcare Administration and Master of Public Health programs because she specializes in the intersection between communication and health. She is passionate about teaching and you can definitely tell when you enroll in her classes. She builds personal relationships and helps guide her students toward achieving future aspirations.

Education
Ph.D. Communication - University of Texas at Austin
M.A. Communication - San Diego State University
B.A. Communication - University of California, Santa Barbara
Research
Interpersonal Communication
Health Communication
Family Communication
Publications
Emily Scheinfeld, Katlyn Gangi, Erin C. Nelson & Catherine C. Sinardi (2021) Please Scream Inside Your Heart: Compounded Loss and Coping during the COVID-19 Pandemic, Health Communication, DOI: 10.1080/10410236.2021.1886413
Donovan, E., Nelson, E. C., & Scheinfeld, E. (2016). Cyberframing cancer: An exploratory investigation of valenced cybercoping on cancer blogs. Health Communication.
Vangelisti, A. L., & Nelson, E. C. (2015). The morality of revealing secrets. In V.Waldron, & D. Kelley (Eds.), Moral talk across the lifespan: Creating good relationships. New York: Peter Lang Publishing
Hanan, J., Bagley, M., & Nelson, E. (2014). Sources for your presentation. In J. L. Ford, K. Stimpson, & J. Daly (Eds.), Professional communication skills (7th ed.). Boston, MA: Pearson.
Bolkan, S. & Nelson, E. (2014). Speaking to inform. In J. L. Ford, K. Stimpson, & J. Daly (Eds.), Professional communication skills (7th ed.). Boston, MA: Pearson.
Classes Taught at Concordia
COM 280: Theories of Human Communication
COM 335: Nonverbal Communication
COM 340: Persuasion & Attitude
COM 371: Introduction to Social Media
COM 471: Advanced Strategies in Social Media

Curriculum Vitae

Pena, Victor
Adjunct Professor
victor.pena@cui.edu


Adjunct Professor
Biography

Mr. Peña is currently the Administrator for the Department of Emergency Medicine at Los Angeles General Medical Center (LA General). Los Angeles General Medical Center is a 600-bed Level 1 Trauma Center that is owned and operated by the Los Angeles County Department of Health Services.

With 130-beds, the Department of Emergency Medicine provides over 30% of trauma care in Los Angeles County. It is one of the largest and top-5 busiest emergency departments in the nation. The department provides emergency care to over 13,000 patients per month. In his role as Administrator, he has administrative and operational oversight of –

Emergency Medicine
Psychiatric Emergency Services
Jail Emergency Services
Urgent Care Clinic
Office of Emergency Management
Center for Life Support Training
Emergency Medicine Residency Program
Transitions of Care Department

Mr. Peña previously served as Administrator for the Department of Medicine and Dermatology at LA General. He obtained this role after completing his two-year administrative fellowship with the LA County Department of Health Services (LAC-DHS), which is the second la