https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/healthcare-administration/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Healthcare Administration
About
Curriculum 
Faculty
Info Nights
Financial Aid
Newsletters
Partnerships
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
Faculty
MASTER OF HEALTHCARE ADMINISTRATION

All of the professors in the MHA program bring significant, current, and relevant working knowledge from the field of healthcare to incorporate into the classroom. Learn more about the instructors in their faculty bios below.

Davidson, Pamela
Adjunct Professor
pamela.davidson@cui.edu


Adjunct Professor
Biography

Dr. Pamela Davidson is an adjunct professor with expertise in strategic planning, leadership and career development, and evaluation design and methods.She is well published with 50 peer- reviewed articles in various medical, dental, and health services research journals. For more than two decades, Pamela has directed large-scale, multisite health services research and evaluation studies, and taught undergraduate and graduate courses in ‘health services evaluation’, ‘health systems and organizations’, and ‘organization and management processes’. Her research, teaching, professional activities, and mentoring continue to be transdisciplinary in medicine, public health, dentistry, life sciences, management, and nursing. She participated on the leadership team that developed and launched the UCLA Clinical and Translational Science Institute (CTSI) and has served as the CTSI Evaluation Core leader since its inception. Pamela also consults with mission-driven organizations in the medicine, social services, and public health sectors. She specializes in organizing and evaluating Collective Impact initiatives to address health and social priorities and needs. Dr. Davidson holds a BS in biological sciences from the University of North Carolina, Charlotte, a MS in Health Sciences from the California State University, Long Beach, and a PhD in Health Policy and Management from the Fielding School of Public Health, University of California, Los Angeles. Her cognate field is in Leadership and Organization Development from the UCLA Anderson School. Pamela is involved in several church ministries including Silent Meditation, Lector Ministry, and Sealed Confirmation for teens. She enjoys spending leisure time with family and friends, traveling, touring the wine country, and Italian cooking.

Dowd, Brian
Adjunct Professor
brian.dowd@cui.edu


Adjunct Professor
Biography

Brian C Dowd, MBA is the Executive Director of Digital Transformation and Innovation at MemorialCare Health System. He collaborates with key technical teams and is responsible for the evaluation, development and delivery of solutions and programs that foster transformational change in line with MemorialCare’s organizational strategies, values and priorities. His role will establish and support an environment of digital innovation and best practice, ensuring the use of evolving technologies for the benefit of consumer satisfaction and operational efficiencies.

Brian began his career at MemorialCare in 2015 where he joined the Lean Resource Office as a Lean Fellow. Brian was promoted to Master Fellow in 2018 and graduated from the MemorialCare Leadership Academy in 2019. Prior to MemorialCare he was an Executive Director of Lease End Customer Experience where he redesigned Lexus, Toyota, and Scion leasing strategies, supply chain, marketing, financing and customer experience.

Brian received his undergraduate degree in Law and Criminal Justice from California State University, Long Beach. He also received his graduate degree in Business Administration, Management and Operations (M.B.A.) from California Coast University graduating Summa Cum Laude. Brian is also an Adjunct Professor at Concordia University Irvine where he teaches graduate level courses in Leadership in the Master of Healthcare Administration (M.H.A.) Program. He is an Advisory Board Member at Concordia University Irvine, mentor to his students, AYSO Soccer Coach, and enjoys spending time with his amazing wife and daughter every second he gets.

Ghazvini, Yasmine
Adjunct Professor
yasmine.ghazvini@cui.edu


Adjunct Professor
Biography

Yasmine Ghazvini is a dedicated and accomplished healthcare professional with operations, strategy, and business development expertise. Yasmine is Strategy & Business Development Consultant at MemorialCare. She supports planning and decision-making for a full range of hospital and health system strategic and business development initiatives significant for the Long Beach Medical Center and Miller’s Children and Women’s Hospital facilities. Previously, she worked at Providence, excelling as a Program Coordinator, optimizing the Neuro-Interventional Surgery program and implementing process improvement initiatives.

Yasmine holds a Master of Health Administration degree with a certificate i