eral). Los Angeles General Medical Center is a 600-bed Level 1 Trauma Center that is owned and operated by the Los Angeles County Department of Health Services.

With 130-beds, the Department of Emergency Medicine provides over 30% of trauma care in Los Angeles County. It is one of the largest and top-5 busiest emergency departments in the nation. The department provides emergency care to over 13,000 patients per month. In his role as Administrator, he has administrative and operational oversight of –

Emergency Medicine
Psychiatric Emergency Services
Jail Emergency Services
Urgent Care Clinic
Office of Emergency Management
Center for Life Support Training
Emergency Medicine Residency Program
Transitions of Care Department

Mr. Peña previously served as Administrator for the Department of Medicine and Dermatology at LA General. He obtained this role after completing his two-year administrative fellowship with the LA County Department of Health Services (LAC-DHS), which is the second largest public health system in the United States. The Department of Medicine at LA General comprises of 10-divisions and accounts for over 50% of inpatient beds.

Prior to his fellowship with DHS, he served as Director of Healthcare Corporate Initiatives with the American Cancer Society (ACS) in Long Beach, CA, where he managed relationships between a variety of hospitals and ACS. Mr. Peña has also held other management roles with additional Los Angeles hospitals. Mr. Peña has been a member of the American College of Healthcare Executives since 2012, and recently served as President for the local ACHE chapter - ACHE of Southern California. He was a Board Member for the Hospital Association of Southern California. Mr. Peña has received several awards from ACHE and recently served as 1 of 23 scholars across the nation for the inaugural ACHE Thomas C. Dolan Career Accelerator Program. Mr. Peña also currently serves as Adjunct Assistant Professor for the Master of Health Administration program at the University of Southern California where he was recognized as Professor of the Year by the Class of 2023.

He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Biological Anthropology from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and earned his Master of Business Administration degree in Management from La Sierra University in Riverside.

He was born and raised in Los Angeles, CA (Boyle Heights). For fun, he loves going to watch the LA Rams play, and runs a competitive fantasy football league and March Madness Bracket Challenges with college and childhood friends. Mr. Peña loves to cook and is a big foodie, he enjoys going out to dinner with friends, and enjoys reading – his favorite book is “Outliers” by Malcolm Gladwell.

Schaefer, Jay
Adjunct Professor
jay.schaefer@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Dr. Jay Schaefer brings practitioner experience to the classroom having served for more than twenty years in executive positions for a major metropolitan healthcare system. His experience spans a broad spectrum of functional areas including information systems development and support, financial and operational analytics, facility programming and development, and strategic facility and land use planning, and he actively consults on the planning and development of major healthcare facility projects.

He has served on the boards of directors for numerous organizations focused on healthcare, education and community development, and particularly enjoys working with faith-based groups in advancing their respective mission and ministries.

Dr. Schaefer brings experience in both the traditional classroom and online environments, and he enjoys fostering faith and ethics as foundational to the academic discussion.

Education
Doctor of Philosophy, Public Affairs, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL
Master of Arts in Applied Economics, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL
Master of Business Administration, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL
Post-baccalaureate studies, Computer Science, Concordia University Chicago, River Forest, IL
Bachelor of Arts, Valparaiso University, Valparaiso, IN
Sinardi, Catherine
Program Director & Professor
catherine.sinardi@cui.edu
Program Director and Professor
Biography

Dr. Sinardi holds a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from St. Cloud State University and a Master's degree in Counseling from California State University, Long Beach. She became a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist in 2006. In 2011, Dr. Sinardi completed her Doctor of Education degree in Organizational Leadership at the University of La Verne.

Professional Experience

Dr. Catherine Sinardi is the Director of Healthcare Programs, overseeing the following: Bachelor of Arts in Healthcare Management (traditional and online), Master of Healthcare Administration, and Master of Public Health. As an Associate Professor, she develops and teaches a variety of courses in the aforementioned programs. She currently serves on the board of directors 