eate studies, Computer Science, Concordia University Chicago, River Forest, IL
Bachelor of Arts, Valparaiso University, Valparaiso, IN
Sinardi, Catherine
Program Director & Professor
catherine.sinardi@cui.edu
Program Director and Professor
Biography

Dr. Sinardi holds a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from St. Cloud State University and a Master's degree in Counseling from California State University, Long Beach. She became a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist in 2006. In 2011, Dr. Sinardi completed her Doctor of Education degree in Organizational Leadership at the University of La Verne.

Professional Experience

Dr. Catherine Sinardi is the Director of Healthcare Programs, overseeing the following: Bachelor of Arts in Healthcare Management (traditional and online), Master of Healthcare Administration, and Master of Public Health. As an Associate Professor, she develops and teaches a variety of courses in the aforementioned programs. She currently serves on the board of directors for the Healthcare Executives of Southern California as the Chair of Academic Affairs. Previously, she was Regional Director of Clinical Services at Children’s Institute and Director of Quality Assurance and Program Evaluation at Counseling4Kids, both in the greater Los Angeles area. She also worked in private practice as a licensed counselor and held various administrative positions at ChildNet Youth and Family Services in Long Beach.

Education
Ed.D. Organizational Leadership, University of La Verne
MFT Counseling, California State University Long Beach
Publications
Scheinfeld, E., Barney, K., Gangi, K., Nelson, E. & Sinardi, C. (2021). Filling the void: Grieving and healing during a socially isolating global pandemic. Journal of Social and Personal Relationships.
Scheinfeld, E., Gangi, K., Nelson, E. & Sinardi, C. (2021). Please scream inside your heart: Compounded loss and coping during the COVID-19 pandemic. Health Communication. 
Manuscript Under Review
Scheinfeld, E., Barney, K., Gangi, K., Nelson, E. & Sinardi, C. (Under Review). Moving forward in compounded grief: Communicated resilience after COVID-19 related losses. Journal of Social and Personal Relationships.
Westall, Jonathan
Adjunct Professor
jonathan.westall@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Jonathan Westall, FACHE is currently the Vice President of Ancillary Services at MLK Jr. Community Hospital in South Los Angeles. He previously held multiple positions at Huntington Hospital in Pasadena including Manager of Security, Director of Security, and finally Director of Support Services. Prior to working in the acute care setting, Jonathan oversaw Security, Emergency Response, and Parking operations for Sony PlayStation and its subsidiary groups across the United States. Jonathan spent 8 years working in various Federal, State, and local correctional facilities where he oversaw security operations for an incarcerated population.

Jonathan holds a Bachelor’s degree in Criminal Justice w/ a minor in Sociology from Upper Iowa University and a Master’s degree in Law Enforcement Administration from Grand Canyon University. He is also a graduate of ACHE’s Senior Executive Program. He is a volunteer leader with IAHSS and was the LA/OC Chapter Chair for 3 years, and now The International Board’s VP/Secretary. He also chaired The Hospital Association of Southern California’s Safety and Security Committee from 2018 to 2020 and remains an active member. He is currently The Vice-Chair of Sponsorship with HCE.

Jonathan is a native of Massachusetts and is a huge Boston sports fan. He enjoys hiking, working out, and true crime documentaries.

White, Tim A., DHSc
Adjunct Professor
timothy.white@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Dr. White has worked in several hospitals in Virginia over the past 13 years in various roles, including management, home health account liaison, and technician. Dr. White has worked in the non-profit sector of healthcare and was involved in developing and writing policies for Stroke procedures and hospital diversion for emergency medical technicians and firefighters in the surrounding communities. Additionally, he created policies on proper laser use within the hospital system, including surgical, dermatology, and ophthalmology. Before completing his education and entering the healthcare field, Dr. White worked in UPS's management sector for 12 years.

Dr. White is currently researching Ketogenic diets to improve patients' lives with Parkinson's disease and works as an adjunct professor across the country. He also has been researching resilience in higher education for both students and faculty.

Dr. White earned his Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice (2010) from Liberty University and his Master of Business Administration with a concentration in Health Care Management (2013) from Saint Leo University. He earned his Doctorate of Health Science with a concentration in Education (2017) from A. T. Still University, where his research focused on at