ies for Stroke procedures and hospital diversion for emergency medical technicians and firefighters in the surrounding communities. Additionally, he created policies on proper laser use within the hospital system, including surgical, dermatology, and ophthalmology. Before completing his education and entering the healthcare field, Dr. White worked in UPS's management sector for 12 years.

Dr. White is currently researching Ketogenic diets to improve patients' lives with Parkinson's disease and works as an adjunct professor across the country. He also has been researching resilience in higher education for both students and faculty.

Dr. White earned his Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice (2010) from Liberty University and his Master of Business Administration with a concentration in Health Care Management (2013) from Saint Leo University. He earned his Doctorate of Health Science with a concentration in Education (2017) from A. T. Still University, where his research focused on attendance barriers to ophthalmology appointments.

Dr. White has traveled extensively, including Spain, Portugal, Greece, Jamaica, Mexico, Iran, Iraq, Syria, and Canada. His favorite place to visit is any place that has a beach and warm sunshine. Dr. White and his wife, Dr. Dawn White, have been married for 14 years. Their close-knit family includes two children and six grandchildren. His family is important to him, and they gather for family dinner each Tuesday.

As a new hobby, Dr. White has found a passion for making his special BBQ and his cheesecakes, which are plain, lemon, lemon-blueberry, chocolate, and unique Keto versions. Dr. White stated that it was good that he now enjoys cooking, as he was promoted to head chef at home since his wife started working on an additional doctorate.

Wozniak, Tayah
Assistant Professor of Public Health and Healthcare Administration
tayah.wozniak@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Public Health and Healthcare Administration
Biography

Dr. Tayah Wozniak is interested in the interdisciplinary field of public health, specifically health communication. Within the field of health communication, her research primarily focuses on combatting the spread of and belief in health misinformation. She is currently examining primary care physician message strategies in correcting patient-held health misinformation. Her goal is to provide translational research on health misinformation and strategic health communication, with specific attention to health disparities and individuals facing significant health disadvantages.

In addition to Dr. Wozniak’s educational background, she has several years of experience working in the nonprofit sector serving under-resourced communities through programmatic design, management, and evaluation. She is passionate about encouraging the progression of health quality and access by improving health communication and promoting the empowerment of individuals for behavior change. It is her goal to educationally equip people with the necessary life skills to be competent in health situations.

Education
B.S. Azusa Pacific University, Molecular Biology
M.P.H. The University of California, Irvine, Socio-cultural Diversity in Health
Ph.D. Chapman University, Health and Strategic Communication
Publications
Wozniak, T. R. (2022). A Mixed-Method Examination of Primary Care Physician Message Strategies to Correct Patient-Held Health Misinformation: An Application of Goals-Plans-Action Theory [Doctoral dissertation, Chapman University]. Chapman University Digital Commons.
Platon, C. (Host). (2022, October 7). Fighting Health Misinformation w/ Tayah Wozniak [Audio podcast]. ACNL in Action.
Ball, H., & Wozniak, T. R. (2021). Why do some Americans resist mask wearing and social distancing? An analysis of issue importance, message fatigue, and reactance regarding COVID-19 messaging. Health Communication. Advance online publication. Why Do Some Americans Resist COVID-19 Prevention Behavior? An Analysis of Issue Importance, Message Fatigue, and Reactance Regarding COVID-19 Messaging.
LaBelle, S., & Wozniak, T. R. (2021). Academic beliefs and prescription stimulant misuse: The relationship of college students’ academic locus of control, grade orientation, and academic entitlement to perceptions of misuse. Journal of American College Health. Advance online publication. Academic beliefs and prescription stimulant misuse among college students: Investigating academic locus of control, grade orientation, and academic entitlement.
Hoellerich, E., Dunagan, C., Maring, D., Wong, Y. C., Shouldice, D., Stripe, J., Kline (Wozniak), T., Albert, T. J., & Milhon, J. L. (2014). Nucleolar localization of SmMAK16 protein from Schistosoma mansoni is regulated by three distinct signals that function independent of pH or phosphorylation status. Molecular Biochemistry and Parasitology, 193(1), 9-16. Nucleolar localization of SmMAK16 protein from Schistosoma mansoni is regulated by three distinct signals that func