s of Business Administration with a specialization in Healthcare Administration from Northcentral University. He also has a Master's of Education with a concentration in Organizational Leadership, a Master's in Information Technology with a concentration in computer security and assurance, and a Graduate Certificate in Human Resources. Professor Kane's experience in business, healthcare, and healthcare administration spans more than 20 years. During that time he has served as the president and CEO of a Joint Commission Certified multi-million dollar private national healthcare recruitment, human resources, and outsourcing firm for more than a decade. Professor Kane's healthcare experience includes home health, hospital staffing, physician recruitment & placement, healthcare operations and more.

Education
MBA - Healthcare Administration
Me.D - Organizational Leadership
Publications
Kane, R. T., Shaw, M. E., Pang, S., Salley, W., & Snider, J. B. (2016, January). Relationships among faculty training, faculty degree, faculty longevity, and student satisfaction in online higher education. Journal of Online Distance Learning Administration, 18(4).
O’Bryan, A., Kane, T., & Shaw, M. (2013, April 29). Establishing an online professional development community to promote faculty engagement and excellence. Faculty Focus.
Shaw, M. E., Walters, K. J., Kane, R. T., & Long, D. M. (2012). Online Course Activities: A Survey of Assignment and Assessment Types. In Learning Management System Technologies and Software Solutions: Tools and Applications. IGI Global.
Kane, R. (2012). Career Management. School to Work Consortium. Colorado State University.
King, W. & Kane, R. (2012). Live Session Course Enhancements. IGI Global. Stevens Henager College.
Shaw, M., & Kane, R. T. (2011, July). Online Teaching Opportunities and Strategies! The Missouri Distance Learning Association Annual Conference. Springfield, MO.
Shaw, M., & Kane, R. T. (2011, April). Teaching Online and Loving It! The United States Distance Learning Association National Conference. St. Louis, MO.
Kane, T. (2010). Removing Obstacles to Student Success. Stevens Henager College- Faculty Best Practices, Colorado Springs, CO.
Kane, T (2010). Staffing gets a partner. San Antonio Medicine (SAM), 63 (9).
Bradley, C., Talbott, B., Kane, R.T. (2010). Online Discussion Strategies: Build Critical Thinking and Online Community. Ozarks Technical Community College, Springfield, MO.
Braun, N. & Kane, T (2010). The future of management. The Journal of Business Management and Entrepreneurship (JOBME), 1 (8).
Walters, K., Shaw, M.E., Lessard, D., & Kane, R.T. (2010). Innovative Professional Practices, Synergy, and eCollaboration. The eLearning Institute 2010 Virtual Conference.
Shaw, M. E., & Kane, R. T. (2010). Distance Learning Course Activities and Assessments. Missouri Distance Learning Association Conference, Springfield, MO.
Shaw, M. E., & Kane, R. T. (2009). Distance Learning Course Activities. The Fifteenth Sloan-C International Conference on Online Learning, "The Power of Online Learning: Opportunities for Tomorrow.” Orlando, FL.
Kane, R. T. (2008). Industry Roundtable. Staffing Industry Analyst Healthcare Staffing Summit, "Breaking the Ten Million Dollar Barrier”. San Francisco, CA.
Kane, R. T. (2007). Expert Panel. Staffing Industry Analyst. Healthcare Staffing Summit, "Organizing & Operating for Growth”. Chicago, IL.
Kassab, Tricia
Adjunct Professor
tricia.kassab@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Tricia Kassab recently retired as the District VP of Quality & Patient Safety at Palomar Health in San Diego, CA. Tricia is a systems thinker and is passionate about organizational leadership, team development, patient safety and mitigating preventable patient harm. She is the Past President of the American College of Healthcare Executives (ACHE) SoCal and the current Regent for ACHE SoCal and San Diego. In addition, Tricia is an adjunct professor at Concordia University in the MHA program and University of Massachusetts Global University in the School of Business.

Dr. Kassab’s background as a RN began in the cardiovascular ICU at Mass General. She has worked at high performing organizations across the nation over her 35+ years of a professional career. Tricia holds a doctorate degree in education, specifically organizational leadership from UMass Global. She is a reviewer for the Journal of Healthcare Quality. Tricia is a fellow in the American College of Healthcare Executives (ACHE) and is a certified professional in healthcare quality and healthcare risk management. Additionally, Tricia holds a healthcare accreditation certificate professional.

Outside of work, Tricia has 2 sons in their 20’s, one of whom graduated Berkeley and works at EPIC, the electronic health record company in Wisconsin. Her youngest son graduated Chapman University in computer science with both an undergraduate and master’s degree in computer science and is currently in a PhD program at the U. Wisc