 Importance, Message Fatigue, and Reactance Regarding COVID-19 Messaging.
LaBelle, S., & Wozniak, T. R. (2021). Academic beliefs and prescription stimulant misuse: The relationship of college students’ academic locus of control, grade orientation, and academic entitlement to perceptions of misuse. Journal of American College Health. Advance online publication. Academic beliefs and prescription stimulant misuse among college students: Investigating academic locus of control, grade orientation, and academic entitlement.
Hoellerich, E., Dunagan, C., Maring, D., Wong, Y. C., Shouldice, D., Stripe, J., Kline (Wozniak), T., Albert, T. J., & Milhon, J. L. (2014). Nucleolar localization of SmMAK16 protein from Schistosoma mansoni is regulated by three distinct signals that function independent of pH or phosphorylation status. Molecular Biochemistry and Parasitology, 193(1), 9-16. Nucleolar localization of SmMAK16 protein from Schistosoma mansoni is regulated by three distinct signals that function independent of pH or phosphorylation status.
Zamzow, Jennifer
Adjunct Professor
jennifer.zamzow@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

After receiving her Ph.D. in philosophy from the University of Arizona in 2013, Dr. Jennifer Zamzow completed a two-year post-doctoral fellowship in ethics and cognition in the Department of Philosophy and the Center for Ethics and Policy at Carnegie Mellon University. Dr. Zamzow has published work on diversity in ethical intuitions, affective forecasting in medical decision making, the ethics of theism, and how our use of moral rules, moral intuitions, and cost-benefit analysis affect the way we interpret moral requirements for ourselves and for others. She has also written about ethical issues for The Washington Post, Christianity Today, and Sojourners.

Education
B.A., Azusa Pacific University, Philosophy and Psychology
Ph.D., University of Arizona, Philosophy with a minor in Cognitive Science
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

