ns of relevant Christian doctrines (such as vocation and two kingdoms), classical moral philosophy, and contemporary ethical theory. Prepares students to analyze and respond to ethical questions faced by public health practitioners at the individual, organizational, and policy levels. Relevant professional codes of ethics will be consulted and analyzed. 

MPH 560: Methods of Research in Public Health
3

This course focuses on practical issues in health research studies. Topics include an overview of public health research, ethics in research, the theory/research relationships, formulating research questions, specifying study design and objectives, defining variables, the validity and reliability of measures, scale construction, formatting questionnaires, developing analysis plans, choosing data collection methods, sampling techniques and sample size, developing and completing research studies, preparing data for analysis, and reporting findings. 

MPH 598: Public Health Practicum
3

The practicum offers practical experience to build competence in the specialization of general public health. 

Community Health Education Core Courses 
MPH 570: Community Health
3

This course explores the nature, extent and causes of basic community health problems. Students will understand the purpose, function, organization and administration of community health services at local, state and national levels. 

MPH 575: Communication and Social Marketing Health Promotion and Education
3

Coursework examines how societal, organizational, and individual factors influence and are influenced by public health communications. Students will learn how to apply theory and strategy-based communication principles, methods, and techniques across different audiences and sectors. This course offers an overview of the strategic and tactical practice of social marketing in public health. 

MPH 580: Programming and Evaluation in Public Health
3

This course focuses on the public health needs assessment and emphasizes program planning designs, implementation, and evaluation. It uses a multi-dimensional approach in public health strategic planning. The planning process is framed in current theory, such as logic models and analytics for evaluating effective community-based and focused public health programs. 

Culminating Experience 
MPH 599: Applied Research in Public Health
3

This culminating course allows students to complete an integrative learning experience (ILE). Students will complete a research project to address core MPH and concentration-specific competencies. The purpose of the ILE is to synthesize knowledge, concepts, and skills learned in coursework, practicum, and other related experiences as they demonstrate application to the field. Students will be required to develop an e-portfolio that will include reflective exercises and capture volunteer work (Pass/No Pass) Graduation Fee: $185 

VIEW MENTORSHIP OPPORTUNITIES

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

