 the intersection between communication and health. She is passionate about teaching and you can definitely tell when you enroll in her classes. She builds personal relationships and helps guide her students toward achieving future aspirations.

Education
Ph.D. Communication - University of Texas at Austin
M.A. Communication - San Diego State University
B.A. Communication - University of California, Santa Barbara
Research
Interpersonal Communication
Health Communication
Family Communication
Publications
Emily Scheinfeld, Katlyn Gangi, Erin C. Nelson & Catherine C. Sinardi (2021) Please Scream Inside Your Heart: Compounded Loss and Coping during the COVID-19 Pandemic, Health Communication, DOI: 10.1080/10410236.2021.1886413
Donovan, E., Nelson, E. C., & Scheinfeld, E. (2016). Cyberframing cancer: An exploratory investigation of valenced cybercoping on cancer blogs. Health Communication.
Vangelisti, A. L., & Nelson, E. C. (2015). The morality of revealing secrets. In V.Waldron, & D. Kelley (Eds.), Moral talk across the lifespan: Creating good relationships. New York: Peter Lang Publishing
Hanan, J., Bagley, M., & Nelson, E. (2014). Sources for your presentation. In J. L. Ford, K. Stimpson, & J. Daly (Eds.), Professional communication skills (7th ed.). Boston, MA: Pearson.
Bolkan, S. & Nelson, E. (2014). Speaking to inform. In J. L. Ford, K. Stimpson, & J. Daly (Eds.), Professional communication skills (7th ed.). Boston, MA: Pearson.
Classes Taught at Concordia
COM 280: Theories of Human Communication
COM 335: Nonverbal Communication
COM 340: Persuasion & Attitude
COM 371: Introduction to Social Media
COM 471: Advanced Strategies in Social Media

Curriculum Vitae

Sinardi, Catherine
Program Director & Professor
catherine.sinardi@cui.edu
Program Director and Professor
Biography

Dr. Sinardi holds a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from St. Cloud State University and a Master's degree in Counseling from California State University, Long Beach. She became a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist in 2006. In 2011, Dr. Sinardi completed her Doctor of Education degree in Organizational Leadership at the University of La Verne.

Professional Experience

Dr. Catherine Sinardi is the Director of Healthcare Programs, overseeing the following: Bachelor of Arts in Healthcare Management (traditional and online), Master of Healthcare Administration, and Master of Public Health. As an Associate Professor, she develops and teaches a variety of courses in the aforementioned programs. She currently serves on the board of directors for the Healthcare Executives of Southern California as the Chair of Academic Affairs. Previously, she was Regional Director of Clinical Services at Children’s Institute and Director of Quality Assurance and Program Evaluation at Counseling4Kids, both in the greater Los Angeles area. She also worked in private practice as a licensed counselor and held various administrative positions at ChildNet Youth and Family Services in Long Beach.

Education
Ed.D. Organizational Leadership, University of La Verne
MFT Counseling, California State University Long Beach
Publications
Scheinfeld, E., Barney, K., Gangi, K., Nelson, E. & Sinardi, C. (2021). Filling the void: Grieving and healing during a socially isolating global pandemic. Journal of Social and Personal Relationships.
Scheinfeld, E., Gangi, K., Nelson, E. & Sinardi, C. (2021). Please scream inside your heart: Compounded loss and coping during the COVID-19 pandemic. Health Communication. 
Manuscript Under Review
Scheinfeld, E., Barney, K., Gangi, K., Nelson, E. & Sinardi, C. (Under Review). Moving forward in compounded grief: Communicated resilience after COVID-19 related losses. Journal of Social and Personal Relationships.
Wozniak, Tayah
Assistant Professor of Public Health and Healthcare Administration
tayah.wozniak@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Public Health and Healthcare Administration
Biography

Dr. Tayah Wozniak is interested in the interdisciplinary field of public health, specifically health communication. Within the field of health communication, her research primarily focuses on combatting the spread of and belief in health misinformation. She is currently examining primary care physician message strategies in correcting patient-held health misinformation. Her goal is to provide translational research on health misinformation and strategic health communication, with specific attention to health disparities and individuals facing significant health disadvantages.

In addition to Dr. Wozniak’s educational background, she has several years of experience working in the nonprofit sector serving under-resourced communities through programmatic design, management, and evaluation. She is passionate about encouraging the progression of health quality and access by improving health communication and promoting the empowerment of individuals for behavior change. It is her goal to educationally equip people with the necessary life skills to be competent i