https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/public-health/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Master of Public Health
Curriculum
Faculty
Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Nights
Newsletter
Contact 
Apply Now
Faculty
MASTER OF PUBLIC HEALTH

Concordia’s Master of Public Health faculty bring significant, current, and relevant working knowledge from the field of healthcare to incorporate into the classroom. Learn more about the instructors in their faculty bios below.

Brash, Marissa
Adjunct Professor
marissa.brash@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor
Biography

Dr. Marissa Brash holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Biochemistry from the University of San Francisco, a Master of Public Health Degree in Biostatistics from Loma Linda University, a Doctor of Public Health Degree in Epidemiology from Loma Linda University, and a Doctor of Education Degree in Mind, Brain, Teaching from Johns Hopkins University. She is also Certified in Public Health by the National Board of Public Health Examiners. Dr. Brash has a passion for teaching while also working on curriculum design, accreditation standards, program implementation, evaluation, and assessment. She is interested in integrating curriculum through interprofessional education efforts between the public health, nursing, health administration, business, mathematics, and social and behavioral health sectors of higher learning healthcare. Her research interests include epigenetic-based autoimmune public health prevention efforts through lifestyle interventions, and neuroeducation topics related to academic stress and anxiety in the STEM subjects. Additionally, she sits on the Medical Science Advisory Board for Global Genes, a non-profit serving the rare disease community.

Davidson, Pamela
Adjunct Professor
pamela.davidson@cui.edu


Adjunct Professor
Biography

Dr. Pamela Davidson is an adjunct professor with expertise in strategic planning, leadership and career development, and evaluation design and methods.She is well published with 50 peer- reviewed articles in various medical, dental, and health services research journals. For more than two decades, Pamela has directed large-scale, multisite health services research and evaluation studies, and taught undergraduate and graduate courses in ‘health services evaluation’, ‘health systems and organizations’, and ‘organization and management processes’. Her research, teaching, professional activities, and mentoring continue to be transdisciplinary in medicine, public health, dentistry, life sciences, management, and nursing. She participated on the leadership team that developed and launched the UCLA Clinical and Translational Science Institute (CTSI) and has served as the CTSI Evaluation Core leader since its inception. Pamela also consults with mission-driven organizations in the medicine, social services, and public health sectors. She specializes in organizing and evaluating Collective Impact initiatives to address health and social priorities and needs. Dr. Davidson holds a BS in biological sciences from the University of North Carolina, Charlotte, a MS in Health Sciences from the California State University, Long Beach, and a PhD in Health Policy and Management from the Fielding School of Public Health, University of California, Los Angeles. Her cognate field is in Leadership and Organization Development from the UCLA Anderson School. Pamela is involved in several church ministries including Silent Meditation, Lector Ministry, and Sealed Confirmation for teens. She enjoys spending leisure time with family and friends, traveling, touring the wine country, and Italian cooking.

Gamber, Michelle
Adjunct Professor
michelle.gamber@cui.edu


Adjunct Professor
Biography

Dr. Michelle Gamber has held a wide range of academic and professional public health positions. Her background is in anthropology and public health. She comes to academia with over 18 years of experience in global public health and development. She has held full-time and adjunct positions at several institutions and has taught face-to-face and online. She has expansive experience mentoring and teaching undergraduate and graduate students in public health, as well as working on health programs domestically and internationally. For example, she managed surveys with ICF International and served as a technical expert with USAID for the Office of Population and Reproductive Health and in the Office of Food for Peace. She has also worked with, and consulted for, several NGOs, private organizations, and other academic institutions supporting global health programming and research throughout the U.S., Africa, and Asia.

Kane, Todd
Assistant Professor
robert.kane@cui.edu


Assistant Professor
Biography

Professor Kane received his Master's of Business Administration with a specialization in Healthcare Administration from Northcentral University. He also has a Master's of Education with a concentration in Organizational Leadership, a Master's in Information Technology with a concentration in computer security and assurance, and a Graduate Certificate in Human Resources. Professor Kane's experience in business, healthcare, and healthcare administration spans more than 20 years. During that time he has served as the president and CEO of a Joint Commission Certified multi-million dollar private national healthcare recruitment, human resources, and outsourcing firm for more than a decade. Professor Kane's healthcare experience includes home health, hospital staffing, physician recruitment & placement, healthcare operations and more.

Education
MBA - Healthcare Administration
Me.D - Organizational Leadership
Publications
Kane, R. T., Shaw, M. E., Pang, S., Salley, W., & Snider, J. B. (2016, January). Relationships among faculty training, faculty degree, faculty longevity, and student satisfaction in online higher education. Journal of Online Distance Learning Administration, 18(4).
O’Bryan, A., Kane, T., & Shaw, M. (2013, April 29). Establishing an online professional development community to promote faculty engagement and excellence. Faculty Focus.
Shaw, M. E., Walters, K. J., Kane, R. T., & Long, D. M. (2012). Online Course Activities: A Survey of Assignment and Assessment Types. In Learning Management System Technologies and Software Solutions: Tools and Applications. IGI Global.
Kane, R. (2012). Career Management. School to Work Consortium. Colorado State University.
King, W. & Kane, R. (2012). Live Session Course Enhancements. IGI Global. Stevens Henager College.
Shaw, M., & Kane, R. T. (2011, July). Online Teaching Opportunities and Strategies! The Missouri Distance Learning Association Annual Conference. Springfield, MO.
Shaw, M., & Kane, R. T. (2011, April). Teaching Online and Loving It! The United States Distance Learning Association National Conference. St. Louis, MO.
Kane, T. (2010). Removing Obstacles to Student Success. Stevens Henager College- Faculty Best Practices, Colorado Springs, CO.
Kane, T (2010). Staffing gets a partner. San Antonio Medicine (SAM), 63 (9).
Bradley, C., Talbott, B., Kane, R.T. (2010). Online Discussion Strategies: Build Critical Thinking and Online Community. Ozarks Technical Community College, Springfield, MO.
Braun, N. & Kane, T (2010). The future of management. The Journal of Business Management and Entrepreneurship (JOBME), 1 (8).
Walters, K., Shaw, M.E., Lessard, D., & Kane, R.T. (2010). Innovative Professional Practices, Synergy, and eCollaboration. The eLearning Institute 2010 Virtual Conference.
Shaw, M. E., & Kane, R. T. (2010). Distance Learning Course Activities and Assessments. Missouri Distance Learning Association Conference, Springfield, MO.
Shaw, M. E., & Kane, R. T. (2009). Distance Learning Course Activities. The Fifteenth Sloan-C International Conference on Online Learning, "The Power of Online Learning: Opportunities for Tomorrow.” Orlando, FL.
Kane, R. T. (2008). Industry Roundtable. Staffing Industry Analyst Healthcare Staffing Summit, "Breaking the Ten Million Dollar Barrier”. San Francisco, CA.
Kane, R. T. (2007). Expert Panel. Staffing Industry Analyst. Healthcare Staffing Summit, "Organizing & Operating for Growth”. Chicago, IL.
Loy, David
Dean, Professor
david.loy@cui.edu
Dean, Christ College
Director of FaithWorks Center at CUI
Professor of Philosophy, Theology and Ethics

Curriculum Vitae

Education
Ph.D. St. Louis University, St. Louis, MO
M.Div. Concordia Seminary, St. Louis, MO
B.A. Valparaiso University, Valparaiso, IN
Professional Experience
Concordia University Irvine: Professor, 2019 - Present
Concordia University Irvine: Associate Professor, 2015 - 2019
Concordia University Irvine: Assistant Professor, 2011 - 2015
Zion Lutheran Church, Bolivar, MO: Pastor, 2003 - 2011
Research Interests
Doctrine of Vocation
Church, state, and public life
Political thought
Selected Publications
Translations
Editor, Pastoral Theology, by C. F. W. Walther. Translated by Christian Tiews (St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2017)
“C. F. W. Walther’s Concept of Missions,” by Volker Stolle. In Missio Apostolica 10, no. 1 (May 2002): 38-40.
“Kant’s Idea of Peace and the Philosophic Concept of a World Republic,” by Matthias Lutz-Bachmann. In Perpetual Peace: Essays on Kant’s Cosmopolitan Ideal, ed. James Bohman and Matthias Lutz-Bachmann, 59-77. Cambridge: MIT Press, 1997.
Miscellaneous
“Called By Whom and How? Reflections on the Structure of Vocation.” Concordia Journal 49, no. 1 (Winter 2023): 35–46.
 “Luther, Vocation, and the Search for Significance.” Lutheran Quarterly 35 (2021): 50–72. Responses by Robert Benne, Suzanne Hequet, and Kiara Jorgenson.
“Confession of a Lutheran University.” Concordia Theological Journal 7, no. 1 (Winter 2020): 60–76.
“Hegel’s Critique of Greek Immediacy.” Hegel Bulletin 42, no. 2 (2021): 157–79. (Originally published by Cambridge University Press online, Dec. 26, 2018.)
Contributor, Devotions on the Small Catechism. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2019
“To Be Known as I Know Myself: Identity, Politics and the Gospel.” Issues in Christian Education 48, no. 3 (Summer 2015). http://issues.cune.edu/the-lgbt-disputes-teaching-and-practice-in-the-church-2/the-lgbt-disputes-teaching-and-practice-in-the-church/
“What Is the Theology of the Cross.” Sidebar. LEA Shaping the Future (Summer 2014). http://stf.lea.org/summer2014/feat1schumacher.html.
“What the Gospel Does: Three Ways of Applying the Gospel Concretely.” Concordia Journal 36, no. 1 (Winter 2010): 21-31.
Bible Studies
The Parables Leaders Guide. Edited by Brian Chisamore. LifeLight Bible Study series. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2013.
1 and 2 Kings Leaders Guide (lectures only). Edited by Brian Chisamore. LifeLight Bible Study series. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2013.
Heaven and Hell. Edited by Brian Chisamore. LifeLight Bible Study series. Concordia Publishing House, 2012.
1, 2, 3 John Leaders Guide. Edited by Brian Chisamore. LifeLight Bible Study series. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2012.
Nelson, Erin
Associate Professor
erin.nelson@cui.edu
Associate Professor of Communication Studies
Biography

Dr. Erin Nelson is an Orange County native and loves being part of the family at CUI. Her research interests include interpersonal and family communication with an emphasis on health. She has recently been published in Health Communication and Journal of Social and Personal Relationships with her research on coping with loss during the COVID-19 pandemic. She is a published scholar who continues to work on many research projects surrounding issues of health and interpersonal communication. She is also a member of the National Communication Association and has over 25 conference presentations. Her full time appointment is in the Communication Studies Department at Concordia but she also teaches in the Master of Healthcare Administration and Master of Public Health programs because she specializes in the intersection between communication and health. She is passionate about teaching and you can definitely tell when you enroll in her classes. She builds personal relationships and helps guide her students toward achieving future aspirations.

Education
Ph.D. Communication - University of Texas at Austin
M.A. Communication - San Diego State University
B.A. Communication - University of California, Santa Barbara
Research
Interpersonal Communication
Health Communication
Family Communication
Publications
Emily Scheinfeld, Katlyn Gangi, Erin C. Nelson & Catherine C. Sinardi (2021) Please Scream Inside Your Heart: Compounded Loss and Coping during the COVID-19 Pandemic, Health Communication, DOI: 10.1080/10410236.2021.1886413
Donovan, E., Nelson, E. C., & Scheinfeld, E. (2016). Cyberframing cancer: An exploratory investigation of valenced cybercoping on cancer blogs. Health Communication.
Vangelisti, A. L., & Nelson, E. C. (2015). The morality of revealing secrets. In V.Waldron, & D. Kelley (Eds.), Moral talk across the lifespan: Creating good relationships. New York: Peter Lang Publishing
Hanan, J., Bagley, M., & Nelson, E. (2014). Sources for your presentation. In J. L. Ford, K. Stimpson, & J. Daly (Eds.), Professional communication skills (7th ed.). Boston, MA: Pearson.
Bolkan, S. & Nelson, E. (2014). Speaking to inform. In J. L. Ford, K. Stimpson, & J. Daly (Eds.), Professional communication skills (7th ed.). Boston, MA: Pearson.
Classes Taught at Concordia
COM 280: Theories of Human Communication
COM 335: Nonverbal Communication
COM 340: Persuasion & Attitude
COM 371: Introduction to Social Media
COM 471: Advanced Strategies in Social Media

Curriculum Vitae

Sinardi, Catherine
Program Director & Professor
catherine.sinardi@cui.edu
Program Director and Professor
Biography

Dr. Sinardi holds a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from St. Cloud State University and a Master's degree in Counseling from California State University, Long Beach. She became a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist in 2006. In 2011, Dr. Sinardi completed her Doctor of Education degree in Organizational Leadership at the University of La Verne.

Professional Experience

Dr. Catherine Sinardi is the Director of Healthcare Programs, overseeing the following: Bachelor of Arts in Healthcare Management (traditional and online), Master of Healthcare Administration, and Master of Public Health. As an Associate Professor, she develops and teaches a variety of courses in the aforementioned programs. She currently serves on the board of directors for the Healthcare Executives of Southern California as the Chair of Academic Affairs. Previously, she was Regional Director of Clinical Services at Children’s Institute and Director of Quality Assurance and Program Evaluation at Counseling4Kids, both in the greater Los Angeles area. She also worked in private practice as a licensed counselor and held various administrative positions at ChildNet Youth and Family Services in Long Beach.

Education
Ed.D. Organizational Leadership, University of La Verne
MFT Counseling, California State University Long Beach
Publications
Scheinfeld, E., Barney, K., Gangi, K., Nelson, E. & Sinardi, C. (2021). Filling the void: Grieving and healing during a socially isolating global pandemic. Journal of Social and Personal Relationships.
Scheinfeld, E., Gangi, K., Nelson, E. & Sinardi, C. (2021). Please scream inside your heart: Compounded loss and coping during the COVID-19 pandemic. Health Communication. 
Manuscript Under Review
Scheinfeld, E., Barney, K., Gangi, K., Nelson, E. & Sinardi, C. (Under Review). Moving forward in compounded grief: Communicated resilience after COVID-19 related losses. Journal of Social and Personal Relationships.
Wozniak, Tayah
Assistant Professor of Public Health and Healthcare Administration
tayah.wozniak@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Public Health and Healthcare Administration
Biography

Dr. Tayah Wozniak is interested in the interdisciplinary field of public health, specifically health communication. Within the field of health communication, her research primarily focuses on combatting the spread of and belief in health misinformation. She is currently examining primary care physician message strategies in correcting patient-held health misinformation. Her goal is to provide translational research on health misinformation and strategic health communication, with specific attention to health disparities and individuals facing significant health disadvantages.

In addition to Dr. Wozniak’s educational background, she has several years of experience working in the nonprofit sector serving under-resourced communities through programmatic design, management, and evaluation. She is passionate about encouraging the progression of health quality and access by improving health communication and promoting the empowerment of individuals for behavior change. It is her goal to educationally equip people with the necessary life skills to be competent in health situations.

Education
B.S. Azusa Pacific University, Molecular Biology
M.P.H. The University of California, Irvine, Socio-cultural Diversity in Health
Ph.D. Chapman University, Health and Strategic Communication
Publications
Wozniak, T. R. (2022). A Mixed-Method Examination of Primary Care Physician Message Strategies to Correct Patient-Held Health Misinformation: An Application of Goals-Plans-Action Theory [Doctoral dissertation, Chapman University]. Chapman University Digital Commons.
Platon, C. (Host). (2022, October 7). Fighting Health Misinformation w/ Tayah Wozniak [Audio podcast]. ACNL in Action.
Ball, H., & Wozniak, T. R. (2021). Why do some Americans resist mask wearing and social distancing? An analysis of issue importance, message fatigue, and reactance regarding COVID-19 messaging. Health Communication. Advance online publication. Why Do Some Americans Resist COVID-19 Prevention Behavior? An Analysis of Issue Importance, Message Fatigue, and Reactance Regarding COVID-19 Messaging.
LaBelle, S., & Wozniak, T. R. (2021). Academic beliefs and prescription stimulant misuse: The relationship of college students’ academic locus of control, grade orientation, and academic entitlement to perceptions of misuse. Journal of American College Health. Advance online publication. Academic beliefs and prescription stimulant misuse among college students: Investigating academic locus of control, grade orientation, and academic entitlement.
Hoellerich, E., Dunagan, C., Maring, D., Wong, Y. C., Shouldice, D., Stripe, J., Kline (Wozniak), T., Albert, T. J., & Milhon, J. L. (2014). Nucleolar localization of SmMAK16 protein from Schistosoma mansoni is regulated by three distinct signals that function independent of pH or phosphorylation status. Molecular Biochemistry and Parasitology, 193(1), 9-16. Nucleolar localization of SmMAK16 protein from Schistosoma mansoni is regulated by three distinct signals that function independent of pH or phosphorylation status.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

