 health, specifically health communication. Within the field of health communication, her research primarily focuses on combatting the spread of and belief in health misinformation. She is currently examining primary care physician message strategies in correcting patient-held health misinformation. Her goal is to provide translational research on health misinformation and strategic health communication, with specific attention to health disparities and individuals facing significant health disadvantages.

In addition to Dr. Wozniak’s educational background, she has several years of experience working in the nonprofit sector serving under-resourced communities through programmatic design, management, and evaluation. She is passionate about encouraging the progression of health quality and access by improving health communication and promoting the empowerment of individuals for behavior change. It is her goal to educationally equip people with the necessary life skills to be competent in health situations.

Education
B.S. Azusa Pacific University, Molecular Biology
M.P.H. The University of California, Irvine, Socio-cultural Diversity in Health
Ph.D. Chapman University, Health and Strategic Communication
Publications
Wozniak, T. R. (2022). A Mixed-Method Examination of Primary Care Physician Message Strategies to Correct Patient-Held Health Misinformation: An Application of Goals-Plans-Action Theory [Doctoral dissertation, Chapman University]. Chapman University Digital Commons.
Platon, C. (Host). (2022, October 7). Fighting Health Misinformation w/ Tayah Wozniak [Audio podcast]. ACNL in Action.
Ball, H., & Wozniak, T. R. (2021). Why do some Americans resist mask wearing and social distancing? An analysis of issue importance, message fatigue, and reactance regarding COVID-19 messaging. Health Communication. Advance online publication. Why Do Some Americans Resist COVID-19 Prevention Behavior? An Analysis of Issue Importance, Message Fatigue, and Reactance Regarding COVID-19 Messaging.
LaBelle, S., & Wozniak, T. R. (2021). Academic beliefs and prescription stimulant misuse: The relationship of college students’ academic locus of control, grade orientation, and academic entitlement to perceptions of misuse. Journal of American College Health. Advance online publication. Academic beliefs and prescription stimulant misuse among college students: Investigating academic locus of control, grade orientation, and academic entitlement.
Hoellerich, E., Dunagan, C., Maring, D., Wong, Y. C., Shouldice, D., Stripe, J., Kline (Wozniak), T., Albert, T. J., & Milhon, J. L. (2014). Nucleolar localization of SmMAK16 protein from Schistosoma mansoni is regulated by three distinct signals that function independent of pH or phosphorylation status. Molecular Biochemistry and Parasitology, 193(1), 9-16. Nucleolar localization of SmMAK16 protein from Schistosoma mansoni is regulated by three distinct signals that function independent of pH or phosphorylation status.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

