lobal public health and development. She has held full-time and adjunct positions at several institutions and has taught face-to-face and online. She has expansive experience mentoring and teaching undergraduate and graduate students in public health, as well as working on health programs domestically and internationally. For example, she managed surveys with ICF International and served as a technical expert with USAID for the Office of Population and Reproductive Health and in the Office of Food for Peace. She has also worked with, and consulted for, several NGOs, private organizations, and other academic institutions supporting global health programming and research throughout the U.S., Africa, and Asia.

Kane, Todd
Assistant Professor
robert.kane@cui.edu


Assistant Professor
Biography

Professor Kane received his Master's of Business Administration with a specialization in Healthcare Administration from Northcentral University. He also has a Master's of Education with a concentration in Organizational Leadership, a Master's in Information Technology with a concentration in computer security and assurance, and a Graduate Certificate in Human Resources. Professor Kane's experience in business, healthcare, and healthcare administration spans more than 20 years. During that time he has served as the president and CEO of a Joint Commission Certified multi-million dollar private national healthcare recruitment, human resources, and outsourcing firm for more than a decade. Professor Kane's healthcare experience includes home health, hospital staffing, physician recruitment & placement, healthcare operations and more.

Education
MBA - Healthcare Administration
Me.D - Organizational Leadership
Publications
Kane, R. T., Shaw, M. E., Pang, S., Salley, W., & Snider, J. B. (2016, January). Relationships among faculty training, faculty degree, faculty longevity, and student satisfaction in online higher education. Journal of Online Distance Learning Administration, 18(4).
O’Bryan, A., Kane, T., & Shaw, M. (2013, April 29). Establishing an online professional development community to promote faculty engagement and excellence. Faculty Focus.
Shaw, M. E., Walters, K. J., Kane, R. T., & Long, D. M. (2012). Online Course Activities: A Survey of Assignment and Assessment Types. In Learning Management System Technologies and Software Solutions: Tools and Applications. IGI Global.
Kane, R. (2012). Career Management. School to Work Consortium. Colorado State University.
King, W. & Kane, R. (2012). Live Session Course Enhancements. IGI Global. Stevens Henager College.
Shaw, M., & Kane, R. T. (2011, July). Online Teaching Opportunities and Strategies! The Missouri Distance Learning Association Annual Conference. Springfield, MO.
Shaw, M., & Kane, R. T. (2011, April). Teaching Online and Loving It! The United States Distance Learning Association National Conference. St. Louis, MO.
Kane, T. (2010). Removing Obstacles to Student Success. Stevens Henager College- Faculty Best Practices, Colorado Springs, CO.
Kane, T (2010). Staffing gets a partner. San Antonio Medicine (SAM), 63 (9).
Bradley, C., Talbott, B., Kane, R.T. (2010). Online Discussion Strategies: Build Critical Thinking and Online Community. Ozarks Technical Community College, Springfield, MO.
Braun, N. & Kane, T (2010). The future of management. The Journal of Business Management and Entrepreneurship (JOBME), 1 (8).
Walters, K., Shaw, M.E., Lessard, D., & Kane, R.T. (2010). Innovative Professional Practices, Synergy, and eCollaboration. The eLearning Institute 2010 Virtual Conference.
Shaw, M. E., & Kane, R. T. (2010). Distance Learning Course Activities and Assessments. Missouri Distance Learning Association Conference, Springfield, MO.
Shaw, M. E., & Kane, R. T. (2009). Distance Learning Course Activities. The Fifteenth Sloan-C International Conference on Online Learning, "The Power of Online Learning: Opportunities for Tomorrow.” Orlando, FL.
Kane, R. T. (2008). Industry Roundtable. Staffing Industry Analyst Healthcare Staffing Summit, "Breaking the Ten Million Dollar Barrier”. San Francisco, CA.
Kane, R. T. (2007). Expert Panel. Staffing Industry Analyst. Healthcare Staffing Summit, "Organizing & Operating for Growth”. Chicago, IL.
Loy, David
Dean, Professor
david.loy@cui.edu
Dean, Christ College
Director of FaithWorks Center at CUI
Professor of Philosophy, Theology and Ethics

Curriculum Vitae

Education
Ph.D. St. Louis University, St. Louis, MO
M.Div. Concordia Seminary, St. Louis, MO
B.A. Valparaiso University, Valparaiso, IN
Professional Experience
Concordia University Irvine: Professor, 2019 - Present
Concordia University Irvine: Associate Professor, 2015 - 2019
Concordia University Irvine: Assistant Professor, 2011 - 2015
Zion Lutheran Church, Bolivar, MO: Pastor, 2003 - 2011
Research Interests
Doctrine of Vocation
Church, state, and public life
Political thought
Selected Publications
Translations
Editor, Pastoral Theology, by C. F. W. Walther. Translated by 