https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/theatre/film-digital-video-production
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theatre Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Contact 
Get Started
THEATRE MAJOR
Film and Digital Video Production Emphasis
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
THEATRE CORE
24 Units
THR 200: Stagecraft
3

Through hands-on experiences this course will introduce the practical application of theatrical design principles including techniques and practices of technical organization, set construction, lighting preparation, costume construction, makeup application, and sound preparation. Lab fee: $50.

THR 210: Introduction to Theatrical Design
3

As an introduction to the theories and principles of theatrical design, this course will emphasize the holistic and scenographic approach, while exploring set, lighting, costume, makeup, and sound design with director/ designer collaboration. Lab fee: $50.

THR 251: Introduction to Theatre
3

This course will provide an overview of the various conventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

THR 261: Acting I
3

As an introduction to basic acting techniques, this course will examine ways to construct the interior, physical, and vocal life of a character, teach warm-up procedures and staging principles including scene analysis, performance of monologues, and improvisations. There may be an additional charge for field trips.


THR 341: Advanced Script Analysis
3

As an advanced study of selected plays from the standpoint of the theatre artist (actor, director, designer), this course will look at the process of translating a dramatic text to theatrical production. An emphasis will be placed upon the techniques of perception, imagination, and integration used in developing a concept and determining specific performance and design choices with the application of analysis through projects and presentations. Offered alternate years.


THR 351: Play Direction I
3

This course will introduce students to the following techniques: play selection and analysis, auditioning, scene design and staging, actor coaching, rehearsal strategies, and production management. Both the principles for proscenium and the open stage will be discussed along with the presentation and evaluation of workshop scenes. Prerequisites: THR 251 and THR 261 and THR 262 and THR 341 or consent of instructor.

THR 390: Practicum: Theatre (Theatre Major)
2

This course, intended for students in the theatre major, is a practical, hands-on learning experience where student will work on one or more theatre department productions.


THR 489: Theatre: Professional Preparation
1

This course will explore the skills and materials needed for the professional theatre artist as students create a portfolio, résumé, and other necessary items to prepare for a career in the arts. A Lab fee is required.

Choose 1 of the following courses:
ENG 387: Modern and Contemporary Drama
3

In this course students will read, critically analyze, discuss, and evaluate selected plays from 1890 through the 21st century, including such dramatists as Ibsen, O'Neill, Pirandello, Lorca, Miller, Williams, and Albee. Attending a performance may be required. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202. Offered alternate years.

ENG 466: Shakespeare
3

Critical reading and analysis of selected examples of Shakespeare's histories, comedies, and tragedies will be the focus of this course. Prerequisite: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271.

FILM AND DIGITAL VIDEO PRODUCTION EMPHASIS
26-27 Units
COM 412: Media and Script Writing
3

This course will examine script writing for radio, television and film with projects including announcements, commercials, news, features, documentaries, comedy, and game and music shows.


ENG 389: Film as Literature
3

An intensive study of films and screenplays as literature, this course will emphasize the elements unique to the genre within the context of the modern literary world. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.

FDVP 330: Film and Digital Video Production
3

Pre-production, planning, scripting, principal photography will be done for the film project. Emphasizes lighting, camera operation, sound recording and directing. Students complete 2 projects: visual & narrative. Corequisite: FDVP 335.

FDVP 335: Editing Principles and Techniques
3

Students study the basic principles and aesthetics of editing film, video, and digital media, with practical experience in Final Cut Pro lab through the completion of short editing projects. Corequisite: FDVP 330.

FDVP