https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/theatre/film-digital-video-production
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theatre Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Contact 
Get Started
THEATRE MAJOR
Film and Digital Video Production Emphasis
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
THEATRE CORE
24 Units
THR 200: Stagecraft
3

Through hands-on experiences this course will introduce the practical application of theatrical design principles including techniques and practices of technical organization, set construction, lighting preparation, costume construction, makeup application, and sound preparation. Lab fee: $50.

THR 210: Introduction to Theatrical Design
3

As an introduction to the theories and principles of theatrical design, this course will emphasize the holistic and scenographic approach, while exploring set, lighting, costume, makeup, and sound design with director/ designer collaboration. Lab fee: $50.

THR 251: Introduction to Theatre
3

This course will provide an overview of the various conventions, forms, styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.

THR 261: Acting I
3

As an introduction to basic acting techniques, this course will examine ways to construct the interior, physical, and vocal life of a character, teach warm-up procedures and staging principles including scene analysis, performance of monologues, and improvisations. There may be an additional charge for field trips.


THR 341: Advanced Script Analysis
3

As an advanced study of selected plays from the standpoint of the theatre artist (actor, director, designer), this course will look at the process of translating a dramatic text to theatrical production. An emphasis will be placed upon the techniques of perception, imagination, and integration used in developing a concept and determining specific performance and design choices with the application of analysis through projects and presentations. Offered alternate years.


THR 351: Play Direction I
3

This course will introduce students to the following techniques: play selection and analysis, auditioning, scene design and staging, actor coaching, rehearsal strategies, and production management. Both the principles for proscenium and the open stage will be discussed along with the presentation and evaluation of workshop scenes. Prerequisites: THR 251 and THR 261 and THR 262 and THR 341 or consent of instructor.

THR 390: Practicum: Theatre (Theatre Major)
2

This course, intended for students in the theatre major, is a practical, hands-on learning experience where student will work on one or more theatre department productions.


THR 489: Theatre: Professional Preparation
1

This course will explore the skills and materials needed for the professional theatre artist as students create a portfolio, résumé, and other necessary items to prepare for a career in the arts. A Lab fee is required.

Choose 1 of the following courses:
ENG 387: Modern and Contemporary Drama
3

In this course students will read, critically analyze, discuss, and evaluate selected plays from 1890 through the 21st century, including such dramatists as Ibsen, O'Neill, Pirandello, Lorca, Miller, Williams, and Albee. Attending a performance may be required. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202. Offered alternate years.

ENG 466: Shakespeare
3

Critical reading and analysis of selected examples of Shakespeare's histories, comedies, and tragedies will be the focus of this course. Prerequisite: (ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202) and ENG 271.

FILM AND DIGITAL VIDEO PRODUCTION EMPHASIS
26-27 Units
COM 412: Media and Script Writing
3

This course will examine script writing for radio, television and film with projects including announcements, commercials, news, features, documentaries, comedy, and game and music shows.


ENG 389: Film as Literature
3

An intensive study of films and screenplays as literature, this course will emphasize the elements unique to the genre within the context of the modern literary world. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.

FDVP 330: Film and Digital Video Production
3

Pre-production, planning, scripting, principal photography will be done for the film project. Emphasizes lighting, camera operation, sound recording and directing. Students complete 2 projects: visual & narrative. Corequisite: FDVP 335.

FDVP 335: Editing Principles and Techniques
3

Students study the basic principles and aesthetics of editing film, video, and digital media, with practical experience in Final Cut Pro lab through the completion of short editing projects. Corequisite: FDVP 330.

FDVP 361: Producing Narrative Short Films
3

Students will study the evolution of narrative short film development, critiquing both Western & International short films. Each student will work as crew on a short film while directing, writing, producing, shooting or editing an introductory level narrative fiction short film themselves. Prerequisites: FDVP 330 and FDVP 335.

FDVP 362: Documentary Production
3

Students view and analyze a variety of documentaries over the past century for style and content. Working in small production groups, students plan, script, produce, and edit several short documentary productions. Prerequisites: FDVP 330 and FDVP 335.

FDVP 455: History of Film
3

This course provides a survey of film history, covering the birth of film out of photography in the 1890s, its commercial expansion, first great actors and directors, artistic development in German expressionism and Soviet montage, the advent of sound in the 1920s, and the beginning of the golden years of Hollywood before and during World War II through to the present. Students will develop a historical appreciation of film, exploring narrative, documentary, and experimental forms and acquire the critical, technical, and aesthetic vocabulary related to cinematic practices and structures.

FDVP 490: Internship: Film and Digital Video Production
3

Offers students an opportunity to credit and learn professional skills “on the job” by working for a studio, network, production company, newsroom etc. A minimum of forty (40) hours of work for each unit is required. Prerequisite: junior or senior standing.

Choose 1 of the following courses:
ARTG 471: Video Art
3

In this studio course, students will create relationships between image and sound by using the time-based medium of video with an emphasis on students developing strong concepts for their projects and learning to create a storyboard, film, and edit video art pieces together using Adobe Premiere and Adobe After Effects. Class fee: $50. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 271 or consent of instructor.

ARTG 473: Motion Graphics
3

Students will go through the various stages of creating a title sequence for a film in this course as they create several projects including storyboards, animatics, and one full-motion sequence, learning to use the best technique that better serves the idea. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 361 or consent of instructor.

MUS 216: Music Technology I
2

An introduction to music technology hardware and software, focusing on the tools and methods used to create, prepare and perform music. Topics include MIDI, digital audio workstations, score preparation, live performance systems, and methods of music production. Students will participate in hands-on projects in which they will apply their understanding of basic music technology principles. Students should be able to read musica notation.

THR 451: Play Direction II
3

As a continuation of THR 351, this course will deepen students' knowledge and skills in the theory and practice of stage directing including director/designer collaboration; analysis of period style and genre with application to directors' choices; analysis of modern and contemporary theories of the stage; and artistic direction and dramaturgy in the contemporary theatre. Workshop scenes are presented and evaluated. There may be an additional charge for required field trips. Prerequisite: THR 351 or consent of instructor.

THR 498: Theatre Showcase
3

This advanced, thesis-style course will require intensive, hands-on activity at an advanced level under the supervision of a faculty member. Prerequisites: theatre major, senior status, and application approval by the theatre faculty (also see Theatre Showcase Guidelines available in the Theatre Office).


WRT 337: Writing for the Stage and Screen
3

An introductory course to the art of writing dramatic works through the exploration of dramatic writing techniques through writing practice, close analysis of published works, and student workshops. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or WRT 201.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

