https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/athletic-training/msat-mission-objectives-learning-outcomes
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MS in Athletic Training
About
Faculty
Curriculum
Policies & Procedures
Tuition & Financial Aid
Program Mission, Objectives, and Learning Outcomes
Program Mission

The mission of Concordia University Irvine’s Athletic Training Education Program is to challenge its students to become highly effective allied health care professionals and leaders in the Christian community, incorporating academic excellence, professional and relational proficiency, and growth in their spiritual walk with Christ as these components are interjected in their career goals and life plans. Concordia University Irvine’s athletic training education program incorporates into its Christ-centered foundation of education the equally important components of intellectual, professional, and spiritual growth. The desired outcome of the curriculum is to allow the student to study in a Christ centered atmosphere that challenges students to develop spiritually and intellectually so they can serve professionally in their community and become spiritual leaders in the community. Concordia University Irvine’s athletic training students are exposed to a dynamic scholastic environment that fuses the sciences of allied health care with faith, ethics and Christian accountability.

Program Objectives

The objectives of Concordia University Irvine’s Athletic Training Education Program are clearly identified in the Athletic Training Educational Competencies, 5th Edition (2011), published by the National Athletic Trainers’ Association in accordance with the Joint Review Committee on Educational Programs and the Commission on Accreditation of Athletic Training Education (CAATE). These competencies serve as guidelines for the development of educational programs and learning experiences to a student’s eligibility to challenge the Board of Certification, Inc. (BOC) certification examination. The primary objective of this and any entry-level athletic training education curriculum is to fully prepare each student to achieve success on the certification examination that credentials Certified Athletic Trainers, creating an opportunity for success in the profession. The objectives embrace the following domains listed below as printed in the 2011 Board of Certification Role Delineation Study / Practice Analysis (6th Edition) for professional practice of Certified Athletic Trainers.

Program Objective 1 (Instructional): Concordia University Irvine Athletic Training Education will employ an exemplary faculty and staff which deliver the highest level of didactic instruction using the best available technology and tools available to ensure quality student outcomes.
Program Objective 2 (Instructional): Concordia University Irvine Athletic Training Education will afford to its students a variety of field experiences in a dynamic clinical environment where they may combine basic and complex knowledge with valuable practical opportunities.
Program Objective 3 (Outcome Initiative): Concordia University Irvine Athletic Training Students will become highly effective allied health care professionals and leaders in the Christian community, incorporating both professional and spiritual growth in their life plans.
Program Objective 4 (Outcome Initiative): Concordia University Irvine Athletic Training Students will be a marketable and employable commodity in pursuit of employment or continued education.
Program Learning Outcomes

The program learning outcomes define the purpose, mission, vision, and direction of the Athletic Training Program, are aligned to the university’s undergraduate learning outcomes, and serve as a foundation for student learning and program effectiveness.

Concordia University Irvine Athletic Training Students will have marked success on the Board of Certification (BOC) national certification examination in order to become credentialed as an Athletic Trainer.
Concordia University Irvine Athletic Training Students will progress through a sequential and progressive didactic curriculum that presents them the necessary knowledge and psychomotor skills to graduate with a Master of Science in Athletic Training.
Concordia University Irvine Athletic Training Students will perform field experiences in a dynamic clinical environment in which they will combine basic and complex knowledge with valuable practical opportunities.
Concordia University Athletic Training Students will demonstrate entry-level athletic training knowledge, skills and abilities consistent to practice in the following capacities:
Prevention and Health Promotion: The student will administer testing procedures to obtain baseline data regarding a client’s/patient’s level of general health (including nutritional habits, physical activity status, and body composition), utilize protective equipment