new Head Athletic Trainer. Fung comes most recently from Azusa Pacific, where he was an assistant athletic trainer from 2007-2012. In addition to overseeing the entire Concordia Athletic Training Department, he will work directly with cross country and softball.

Fung earned his B.A. from Azusa Pacific University and his M.A. from San Jose State University. He worked with football and track & field at APU. He also spent time at California Baptist and Cal State Monterey Bay.

He is certified with the NAIA and played basketball and tennis. Fung lives with his wife Jackie, and their children Rierra (3) and Selah (2). He enjoys watching ESPN, working with a junior high ministry, mission trips, and family time.

Teaching
ESS 110: CPR/First Aid
ESS 238: Observation Clinical Coursework I
ESS 239: Observation Clinical Coursework II
Martinez, Mike, MS, ATC, PES
Adjunct Faculty
michael.martinez@cui.edu
Adjunct Faculty
Olson, Terry, Ph.D.
ESS Department Chair / Assistant Dean
terry.olson@cui.edu
Department Chair/Assistant Dean
Degrees Earned
University of New Mexico, Ph.D in Physical Education, Sports and Exercise Science 2009
University of New Mexico, M.S. in Physical Education Pedagogy 2005
New Mexico State University, B.S. in Physical Education 2000
Biography

Dr. Terry Olson serves as Associate Professor and Chair of Exercise and Sports Science (ESS) at Concordia University Irvine. Terry received his Ph.D from the University of New Mexico where he held positions of both research and teaching assistant in the Physical Education Teacher Education (PETE) Program. Dr. Olson’s current research emphasis is on self-regulation and critical thinking of pre-service teachers in physical education. Prior to teaching at Concordia, Terry was a Clinical Assistant Professor at the University of Texas-Arlington.

Terry continues to work closely with the community as an advocate for health and wellness. Terry currently provides health and leadership education for numerous local non-profit organizations on their wellness initiatives and is a founder of H.E.A.D.S. Upward offering educational support to the underserved population in Orange County as well as our military members at Camp Pendleton.

Prior to Terry’s academic career, he served in the U.S. Navy as an aircraft structural mechanic on FA 18 Hornets aboard the USS Independence aircraft carrier stationed in Atsugi, Japan.

When Terry is not working, he enjoys spending time with his wife Michele and two children Tyler and Macey.

Tammen, Vance
Associated Faculty
vance.tammen@cui.edu
Associated Faculty
Degrees Earned
B.S. University of Illinois, Urbana, IL
M.S. Kansas State University, Manhattan, KS
PhD University of Illinois, Urbana, IL
Biography

Dr. Tammen teaches motor learning, sport psychology and historical and socio-cultural foundations of sport and physical education. His research specialty is the social psychology of sport and physical activity. He has two main area of research 1) motivation of coaches and athletes, 2) wellness across the life span. He has written 3 book chapters, 6 refereed journal publications, over 30 refereed publications in conference proceeding, over 30 original service publications, has conducted over 65 refereed scholarly presentations, conducted over 40 sport psychology service presentations, and has done thousands of hours of sport psychology service to athletes, coaches, & organizations. Dr. Tammen also helped found the Concordia University Masters Degree Program in Coaching and Athletic Administration.

Prior to God’s call to Concordia University, Dr. Tammen was an Assistant Professor at Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana, and prior to that he was a lecturer of sport psychology at Victoria University in Melbourne, Australia. He also taught at the University of Illinois-Urbana and at Kansas State University. He did his sport psychology internship at the United States Olympic Training Center at Colorado Springs.

Dr. Tammen played football into his early 30s, but he now enjoys all forms of sport and physical activity.

His research specialty is the social psychology of sport and physical activity. He has two main area of research 1) motivation of coaches and athletes, 2) wellness across the life span. He has written 3 book chapters, 6 refereed journal publications, over 30 refereed publications in conference proceeding, over 30 original service publications, has conducted over 65 refereed scholarly presentations, conducted over 40 sport psychology service presentations, and has done thousands of hours of sport psychology service to athletes, coaches, & organizations.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Mar