https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/athletic-training/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MS in Athletic Training
About
Faculty
Curriculum
Policies & Procedures
Tuition & Financial Aid
Meet the Team

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

Associated Faculty
Anderson, Jasmine, M.Ed, ATC
Adjunct Faculty/Clinical Education Coordinator for the Athletic Training Education Program
jasmine.anderson@cui.edu
Clinical Education Coordinator for the Athletic Training Education Program
Degrees Earned
Concordia University, Irvine, CA – Bachelor of Arts in Exercise Sport Science with an emphasis in Athletic Training
Concordia University, Irvine, CA – California Single Subject Teaching Credential
Concordia University, Irvine, CA – Master of Education with an emphasis in Curriculum, Instruction, and Assessment
CUEnet, Bend, OR - Lutheran Church Missouri Synod Colloquy Certificate
Biography

Jasmine Anderson is excited and blessed to be serving as an instructor and Coordinator of Clinical Education for the Athletic Training Education Program at Concordia University Irvine.

Jasmine is an alumni of Concordia University, Irvine where she earned her bachelor’s degree in exercise sport science with an emphasis in athletic training. After graduation she worked as an athletic trainer with the football and baseball programs at Saddleback College, while she pursued her single subject California teaching credential. At the completion of her teaching credential program Jasmine began working as a science teacher and athletic trainer at JSerra Catholic High School in San Juan Capistrano, CA. Jasmine then went on to complete her master’s degree in education with an emphasis in curriculum, instruction, and assessment. Upon finishing her master’s degree, she then took a teaching and athletic training position at Crean Lutheran High School in Irvine, CA. During her nearly ten-year tenure at Crean Lutheran, Jasmine served as the head athletic trainer, a science teacher, the science department chair, a WASC leadership team member, the director of cohort programming, and the director of faculty.

Outside of her passion for teaching and educational experiences, Jasmine has had many opportunities to grow in her sports medicine profession. Prior to teaching, she worked in physical therapy for six years and completed an extensive summer medical rotation with a local orthopedic surgeon. At JSerra, she helped to further the development of the sports medicine program by adding more of an emphasis on the importance of rehabilitating injuries and educating athletes and coaches about preventative care. At Crean Lutheran, she developed the athletic training program from the ground up and an extensive concussion management program that has been recognized by many concussion experts in the area.

Jasmine is also a certified athletic trainer through the Board of Certification (BOC) and holds current memberships in good standing with the National Athletic Trainers’ Association (NATA), the Far West Athletic Trainers’ Association (FWATA), and the California Athletic Trainers’ Association (CATA).

When Jasmine is not on campus serving in one of her roles at Concordia, she is at home spending time with her family. She is married to a wonderful man, who is also an athletic trainer, and they have 6 children together. Their household is very busy as their kids range from the ages of 7 years old to 1 years old (the youngest 2 are twins), but they have a lot of fun together and could not be more blessed!

Fung, Glory, ATC
Head Athletic Trainer, Adjunct Faculty
glory.fung@cui.edu
Head Athletic Trainer
Biography

Hometown: Lake Forest, CA

Glory Fung came to Concordia in 2012 to become the new Head Athletic Trainer. Fung comes most recently from Azusa Pacific, where he was an assistant athletic trainer from 2007-2012. In addition to overseeing the entire Concordia Athletic Training Department, he will work directly with cross country and softball.

Fung earned his B.A. from Azusa Pacific University and his M.A. from San Jose State University. He worked with football and track & field at APU. He also spent time at California Baptist and Cal State Monterey Bay.

He is certified with the NAIA and played basketball and tennis. Fung lives with his wife Jackie, and their children Rierra (3) and Selah (2). He enjoys watching ESPN, working with a junior high ministry, mission trips, and family time.

Teaching
ESS 110: CPR/First Aid
ESS 238: Observation Clinical Coursework I
ESS 239: Observation Clinical Coursework II
Martinez, Mike, MS, ATC, PES
Adjunct Faculty
michael.martinez@cui.edu
Adjunct Faculty
Olson, Terry, Ph.D.
ESS Department Chair / Assistant Dean
terry.olson@cui.edu
Department Chair/Assistant Dean
Degrees Earned
University of New Mexico, Ph.D in Physical Education, Sports and Exercise Science 2009
University of New Mexico, M.S. in Physical Education Pedagogy 2005
New Mexico State University, B.S. in Physical Education 2000
Biography

Dr. Terry Olson serves as Associate Professor and Chair of Exercise and Sports Science (ESS) at Concordia University Irvine. Terry received his Ph.D from the University of New Mexico where he held positions of both research and teaching assistant in the Physical Education Teacher Education (PETE) Program. Dr. Olson’s current research emphasis is on self-regulation and critical thinking of pre-service teachers in physical education. Prior to teaching at Concordia, Terry was a Clinical Assistant Professor at the University of Texas-Arlington.

Terry continues to work closely with the community as an advocate for health and wellness. Terry currently provides health and leadership education for numerous local non-profit organizations on their wellness initiatives and is a founder of H.E.A.D.S. Upward offering educational support to the underserved population in Orange County as well as our military members at Camp Pendleton.

Prior to Terry’s academic career, he served in the U.S. Navy as an aircraft structural mechanic on FA 18 Hornets aboard the USS Independence aircraft carrier stationed in Atsugi, Japan.

When Terry is not working, he enjoys spending time with his wife Michele and two children Tyler and Macey.

Tammen, Vance
Associated Faculty
vance.tammen@cui.edu
Associated Faculty
Degrees Earned
B.S. University of Illinois, Urbana, IL
M.S. Kansas State University, Manhattan, KS
PhD University of Illinois, Urbana, IL
Biography

Dr. Tammen teaches motor learning, sport psychology and historical and socio-cultural foundations of sport and physical education. His research specialty is the social psychology of sport and physical activity. He has two main area of research 1) motivation of coaches and athletes, 2) wellness across the life span. He has written 3 book chapters, 6 refereed journal publications, over 30 refereed publications in conference proceeding, over 30 original service publications, has conducted over 65 refereed scholarly presentations, conducted over 40 sport psychology service presentations, and has done thousands of hours of sport psychology service to athletes, coaches, & organizations. Dr. Tammen also helped found the Concordia University Masters Degree Program in Coaching and Athletic Administration.

Prior to God’s call to Concordia University, Dr. Tammen was an Assistant Professor at Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana, and prior to that he was a lecturer of sport psychology at Victoria University in Melbourne, Australia. He also taught at the University of Illinois-Urbana and at Kansas State University. He did his sport psychology internship at the United States Olympic Training Center at Colorado Springs.

Dr. Tammen played football into his early 30s, but he now enjoys all forms of sport and physical activity.

His research specialty is the social psychology of sport and physical activity. He has two main area of research 1) motivation of coaches and athletes, 2) wellness across the life span. He has written 3 book chapters, 6 refereed journal publications, over 30 refereed publications in conference proceeding, over 30 original service publications, has conducted over 65 refereed scholarly presentations, conducted over 40 sport psychology service presentations, and has done thousands of hours of sport psychology service to athletes, coaches, & organizations.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

