s of professional practice. Practical application and clinical field experiences associated with beginning athletic training education coursework. 200 clinical hours of field experience are integrated into this level of clinical coursework.

MSAT 402/502: Athletic Training Clinical II
3

Clinical examination and orthopedic diagnosis, acute care of injury and illness. Practical application and clinical field experiences associated with intermediate athletic training education coursework. 200 clinical hours of field experience are integrated into this level of clinical coursework. Practical application and clinical field experiences associated with beginning athletic training education coursework. 200 clinical hours of field experience are integrated into this level of clinical coursework.

MSAT 603: Athletic Training Clinical III
3

Therapeutic Intervention. Practical application and clinical field experiences associated with intermediate athletic training education coursework. 200 clinical hours of field experience are integrated into this level of clinical coursework.

MSAT 604: Athletic Training Clinical IV
3

Healthcare administration, professional development and responsibility, psychosocial strategies and referral. Practical application and clinical field experiences associated with advanced athletic training education coursework. Capstone evaluation of clinical education proficiencies. 200 clinical hours of field experience are integrated into this level of clinical.

MSAT 695: Athletic Training Capstone
4

Capstone course which culminates the curriculum as a whole into a research project, case study and professional presentation.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

