https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/athletic-training/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MS in Athletic Training
About
Faculty
Curriculum
Policies & Procedures
Tuition & Financial Aid
Curriculum

Concordia University Irvine athletic training students will progress through a sequential and progressive didactic curriculum that equips you with the necessary knowledge and psychomotor skills to graduate with a Master of Science in Athletic Training. Courses are delivered primarily at our Irvine campus, while certain courses blend online delivery in an interactive and engaging format.

The 3+2 MSAT track allows incoming freshman or transfer students at Concordia University Irvine to declare athletic training as their major as undergraduates. The prerequisite coursework for MSAT acceptance is integrated in the Pre-Athletic Training and Allied Healthcare major’s core curriculum.

The 4+2 MSAT track allows students who have completed a Bachelor of Science in a related major to apply for our two year accelerated program.

CORE COURSES
64 Units
MSAT 450/550: Foundations of Athletic Training
3

Emphasis on the global approach to the sports medicine community, the role the certified athletic trainer plays in the allied health care community, and contemporary topics with attention to the basis of sports medicine, athletic training and the physiology of activity.

MSAT 451/551: Risk Management, Taping, & Injury Prevention
3

An introduction to basic taping, preparation, wrapping and casting techniques that are common practice in athletic training and sports medicine. Content is based upon the 4th Edition National Athletic Trainer's Association Educational Competencies/Risk Management and Injury Prevention domain.

MSAT 650: Research Methods in Athletic Training
3

This class introduces the student to evidence based practice and educational research methodology in allied health care and higher education.

MSAT 452/552: Injury Nomenclature
3

The theory and practice of the principles and techniques pertaining to the prevention and treatment of athletic injuries will be covered in this course along with the techniques of preventative athletic taping and strapping being incorporated into the laboratory component. A lab fee may be required.

MSAT 448/548: Evaluation I: Lower Extremities and Spine
3

A theoretical and practical approach to injury assessment for the lower body, this course will use the systematic evaluation format, as governed by the National Athletic Trainers Association (NATA), is utilized with an emphasis placed on the evaluation of the lumbar spine, hip, thigh, knee, lower leg, ankle, foot, and gait analysis. Lab time is included in the schedule.

MSAT 449/549: Evaluation II: Upper Extremities and Spine
3

A theoretical and practical approach to injury assessment for the upper body, this course will use the systematic evaluation format, as governed by the NATA, is utilized with an emphasis placed on the evaluation of the head/face, cervical/thoracic spine, shoulder, elbow, forearm, wrist, hand, and abdominal viscera. Lab time is included in the schedule.

MSAT 468/568: Therapeutic Modalities
3

A theoretical and practical approach to therapeutic modalities in exercise and rehabilitation are discussed and explored in this course. Lab time is included in the schedule. This course introduces the student to the various thermal, mechanical and electrical agents/modalities that are used in athletic health care and physical therapy to promote healing and rehabilitation. The class consists of lecture and lab based instruction of the use the electrical stimulation, cryo/thermotherapy, hydrotherapy, ultrasound, traction, therapeutic massage, biofeedback, and compression therapy.

MSAT 458/558: Therapeutic Exercise
3

This course is a theoretical and practical approach to therapeutic exercise and rehabilitation techniques for the injured athlete or those who engage in physical activity. Lab time is included in the schedule.

This course introduces the student to the clinical applications of therapeutic exercise and the rehabilitation process for athletic injuries in sports medicine and physical therapy professional settings. A lecture and lab that focuses on the use range of motion, strength, muscular endurance and muscular speed exercises, proprioceptive neuromuscular facilitation, and joint mobilization to promote health and wellness following injury.

MSAA/MSAT 583: General Medicine/Pharmacology
4

This course will incorporate the knowledge, skills, and values that entry-level certified athletic trainers or similar health professionals must possess to recognize, treat, and refer, when appropriate, general medical conditions and disabilities. This course will also look at the skills and knowledge of pharmacologic applications for athletes and others involved in physical activity.  Designed to introduce the athletic training stu