https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/athletic-training/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MS in Athletic Training
About
Faculty
Curriculum
Policies & Procedures
Tuition & Financial Aid
Curriculum

Concordia University Irvine athletic training students will progress through a sequential and progressive didactic curriculum that equips you with the necessary knowledge and psychomotor skills to graduate with a Master of Science in Athletic Training. Courses are delivered primarily at our Irvine campus, while certain courses blend online delivery in an interactive and engaging format.

The 3+2 MSAT track allows incoming freshman or transfer students at Concordia University Irvine to declare athletic training as their major as undergraduates. The prerequisite coursework for MSAT acceptance is integrated in the Pre-Athletic Training and Allied Healthcare major’s core curriculum.

The 4+2 MSAT track allows students who have completed a Bachelor of Science in a related major to apply for our two year accelerated program.

CORE COURSES
64 Units
MSAT 450/550: Foundations of Athletic Training
3

Emphasis on the global approach to the sports medicine community, the role the certified athletic trainer plays in the allied health care community, and contemporary topics with attention to the basis of sports medicine, athletic training and the physiology of activity.

MSAT 451/551: Risk Management, Taping, & Injury Prevention
3

An introduction to basic taping, preparation, wrapping and casting techniques that are common practice in athletic training and sports medicine. Content is based upon the 4th Edition National Athletic Trainer's Association Educational Competencies/Risk Management and Injury Prevention domain.

MSAT 650: Research Methods in Athletic Training
3

This class introduces the student to evidence based practice and educational research methodology in allied health care and higher education.

MSAT 452/552: Injury Nomenclature
3

The theory and practice of the principles and techniques pertaining to the prevention and treatment of athletic injuries will be covered in this course along with the techniques of preventative athletic taping and strapping being incorporated into the laboratory component. A lab fee may be required.

MSAT 448/548: Evaluation I: Lower Extremities and Spine
3

A theoretical and practical approach to injury assessment for the lower body, this course will use the systematic evaluation format, as governed by the National Athletic Trainers Association (NATA), is utilized with an emphasis placed on the evaluation of the lumbar spine, hip, thigh, knee, lower leg, ankle, foot, and gait analysis. Lab time is included in the schedule.

MSAT 449/549: Evaluation II: Upper Extremities and Spine
3

A theoretical and practical approach to injury assessment for the upper body, this course will use the systematic evaluation format, as governed by the NATA, is utilized with an emphasis placed on the evaluation of the head/face, cervical/thoracic spine, shoulder, elbow, forearm, wrist, hand, and abdominal viscera. Lab time is included in the schedule.

MSAT 468/568: Therapeutic Modalities
3

A theoretical and practical approach to therapeutic modalities in exercise and rehabilitation are discussed and explored in this course. Lab time is included in the schedule. This course introduces the student to the various thermal, mechanical and electrical agents/modalities that are used in athletic health care and physical therapy to promote healing and rehabilitation. The class consists of lecture and lab based instruction of the use the electrical stimulation, cryo/thermotherapy, hydrotherapy, ultrasound, traction, therapeutic massage, biofeedback, and compression therapy.

MSAT 458/558: Therapeutic Exercise
3

This course is a theoretical and practical approach to therapeutic exercise and rehabilitation techniques for the injured athlete or those who engage in physical activity. Lab time is included in the schedule.

This course introduces the student to the clinical applications of therapeutic exercise and the rehabilitation process for athletic injuries in sports medicine and physical therapy professional settings. A lecture and lab that focuses on the use range of motion, strength, muscular endurance and muscular speed exercises, proprioceptive neuromuscular facilitation, and joint mobilization to promote health and wellness following injury.

MSAA/MSAT 583: General Medicine/Pharmacology
4

This course will incorporate the knowledge, skills, and values that entry-level certified athletic trainers or similar health professionals must possess to recognize, treat, and refer, when appropriate, general medical conditions and disabilities. This course will also look at the skills and knowledge of pharmacologic applications for athletes and others involved in physical activity.  Designed to introduce the athletic training student to the various general medical conditions that effect the active and athletic population. The focus of the course is based on the prevention, recognition, clinical diagnosis, treatment interventions, and appropriate medical referral of pathological medical conditions which are encompassed in the field of sport medicine.

MSCE 589: Nutrition for Sport
4

This course covers the essentials of human nutrition that improve and sustain optimal performance for sport and exercise. The effects of eating disorders (in both male and female athletes), weight management, and sport nutrition resources are also discussed.

MSAT 605: Administrative and Management Strategies in Athletic Training
3

An introduction to the administrative and management strategies incorporated in professional, intercollegiate, secondary school and clinical athletic training professional settings. Topics include policies and procedures, legalities in sports medicine, health care code, ethical codes of conduct and standards of reasonable care, and compliance with OSHA and HIPAA in allied health care.

MSAT 607: Advanced Injury Management
3

Advanced preparation for triaging, treating, managing and rehabilitating chronic and acute athletic injuries that occur in sport and physical activity. The course focuses on specific etiologies, sings, symptoms, immediate care, conservation management and surgical implications of injury and disease processes to the orthopedic anatomy. Course content is based on the 4th Edition National Athletic Trainer's Association Education Competencies in the categorical domain of Risk Management and Injury Prevention.

MSCE 586: Advanced Strength, Speed and Conditioning
4

Strength and conditioning practices that supplement the science learned in exercise physiology and kinesiology. This class is designed to prepare students for gaining certification in ACSM, NSCA, or personal fitness.

MSN/MSAT 533: Advanced Pathophysiology
3

This course provides students with an understanding of physiologic and pathophysiologic concepts related to health maintenance and illness management to enhance clinical reasoning skills. Students will learn to integrate pathophysiologic processes to support nursing care decisions relative to preventative care and alterations produced through acute and chronic illness. Current research, health care issues, case studies and application to specialty areas are highlighted to enhance the understanding and integration of pathophysiology in nursing care.

MSAT 606: Medical Ethics and Professional Practice
3

This class introduces the student to the foundational behaviors of professional practice for the certified athletic trainer and other allied health care professionals. The course introduces the student to evidence based research models in regards to professionalism, medical ethics, legal considerations, and cultural competence.

MSAT 401/501: Athletic Training Clinical I
3

Injury prevention and health promotion, foundational behaviors of professional practice. Practical application and clinical field experiences associated with beginning athletic training education coursework. 200 clinical hours of field experience are integrated into this level of clinical coursework.

MSAT 402/502: Athletic Training Clinical II
3

Clinical examination and orthopedic diagnosis, acute care of injury and illness. Practical application and clinical field experiences associated with intermediate athletic training education coursework. 200 clinical hours of field experience are integrated into this level of clinical coursework. Practical application and clinical field experiences associated with beginning athletic training education coursework. 200 clinical hours of field experience are integrated into this level of clinical coursework.

MSAT 603: Athletic Training Clinical III
3

Therapeutic Intervention. Practical application and clinical field experiences associated with intermediate athletic training education coursework. 200 clinical hours of field experience are integrated into this level of clinical coursework.

MSAT 604: Athletic Training Clinical IV
3

Healthcare administration, professional development and responsibility, psychosocial strategies and referral. Practical application and clinical field experiences associated with advanced athletic training education coursework. Capstone evaluation of clinical education proficiencies. 200 clinical hours of field experience are integrated into this level of clinical.

MSAT 695: Athletic Training Capstone
4

Capstone course which culminates the curriculum as a whole into a research project, case study and professional presentation.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

