https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/film-digital-video-production
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Film and Digital Video Production Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Film and Digital Video Production Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

 

Curriculum
FILM AND DIGITAL VIDEO PRODUCTION MINOR
18 Units
FDMP 330: Film & Video Production
3

Course is taken concurrent with FDMP 335: Editing Principles & Techniques.
Pre-production, planning, scripting, principal photography will be done for the film project. Emphasizes lighting, camera operation, sound recording and directing. Students complete 2 projects: visual & narrative.

FDMP 335: Editing Principles & Techniques
3

Course is taken concurrent with FDMP 330: Film & Video Production
Students study the basic principles and aesthetics of editing film, video, and digital media, with practical experience in Final Cut Pro lab through the completion of short editing projects.

FDMP 361: Producing Narrative Short Films
3

Students will study the evolution of narrative short film development, critiquing both Western & International short films. Each student will work as crew on a short film while directing, writing, producing, shooting or editing an introductory level narrative fiction short film themselves. Prerequisites: FDMP 330 and FDMP 335

FDMP 362: Documentary Production
3

Students view and analyze a variety of documentaries over the past century for style and content. Working in small production groups, students l short documentary productions. Prerequisites: FDMP 330 and FDMP 335

ENG 389: Film as Literature
3

An intensive study of films and screenplays as literature, this course will emphasize the elements unique to the genre within the context of the modern literary world. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or CENG 201 or CENG 202.

Choose 1 of the following courses:
COM 412: Media and Script Writing
3

This course will examine script writing for radio, television and film with projects including announcements, commercials, news, features, documentaries, comedy, and game and music shows.


WRT 337: Writing for the Stage and Screen
3

An introductory course to the art of writing dramatic works through the exploration of dramatic writing techniques through writing practice, close analysis of published works, and student workshops. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or WRT 201.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

