and Their Concentration of Occurrence Around Change of Shift. Master's Thesis, UCLA, June 1989
Publications/Presentations
Wellness Assessment Content for Nursing Curriculum; Poster Presentation, American Holistic Nursing Association 38th Annual National Conference; Niagara Falls, New York, June 2018
Wellness/Prevention Content for Nursing Curriculum; Oral and Poster Presentation, NETNEP 2018 7th International Nurse Education Conference; Banff Canada, May 2018
Wellness/Prevention Content for Nursing Curriculum; Poster Presentation, ATI Summit 2018, Salt Lake City Utah National Conference; May 2018
Speaker at St. Joseph’s yearly symposium; The Future of Healthcare. Lecture title: Wellness Assessment; Preventative Care. October 2014
Health Tips column for Concordia school newspaper, 2011-12
Weight as a Determinant of Survival in Patients With Heart Failure, Poster Presentation Sigma Theta Tau Conference, Carol Holt RN MN and Lynn Doering RN PhD, October 2001
Holt, C., The Care of Children. Chapter 16: Alterations in Cardiovascular Status. W. B., Saunders Co. March 1998. pg 781-862.
Sludge Can Be A Drudge; Hepatic Failure, 22nd Annual Critical Care Symposium, AACN Tulsa Chapter. February 1996
Holt, C., Clinical Care Plans for Pediatric Nursing. Contributing Author - Eating Disorders. McGraw-Hill, April 1994.
Congenital Heart Disease, Pediatric Continuity of Care Coalition, San Diego, July 1994
Congenital Heart Disease, Pediatric Continuity of Care Coalition, San Diego, July 1994
Congenital Heart Disease & Cardiovascular Assessment, Peds-CCRN Review, Children's Hospital of Orange County, October 1994
Cardiopulmonary Assessment , Scripts La Jolla Hospital, San Diego, California, March 1994
Preparing a Child for Cardiac Catheterization. Symposium, Cardiac Catheterization in Children, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA; Physician/Nursing Conference, February 1992
Holt, C., Gaskill, L., Case Studies in Neuro Science Critical Care Nursing Chapter 6, Spinal Cord Injury, Aspen Publishing. 1991, pg. 104 - 44.
Congenital Heart Disease in the 90's; Lillian & Harvey Silbert Perinatal Conference; Cedars Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA, February 1991; Physician/Nursing Conference
Nursing Strategies to Allow Early Discharge After Cardiac Transplantation: Is It Safe? (poster presentation), Carol Holt RN MN,...Hillel Laks MD.; Tenth Annual Meeting of the International Society for Heart Transplantation. April 1990
Nursing & Coordination in Cardiac Transplantation. Carol Holt ......Barbara Schulman RN. (panel discussion); International Heart Failure & Transplantation Symposium; UCLA School of Medicine (medical conference), January 1990
Catastrophic Events and Their Concentration of Occurrence Around Change of Shift (poster presentation), Second Annual UCLA School of Nursing and Gamma Tau Chapter of Sigma Theta Tau Nursing Research Day. June 1989.
Omery, A., Holt C.. Time and Time Perception. Emphasis on Nursing Fall 1989, 3:2.
Smythe-Padgham, Cheryl, DNP, RN, WHNP-BC
(949) 214-3635
cheryl.smythe-padgham@cui.edu
Assistant Dean and Director of Nursing

Dr. Smythe-Padgham joined Concordia University Irvine in 2017 and serves as the Assistant Dean and Director of Nursing. She began her career as a labor and delivery nurse over 25 years ago. She went on to attain her Masters of Science in Nursing and Women’s Health Nurse Practitioner license in 1992 and worked in both private and community care settings in Orange and Los Angeles counties practicing primarily in underserved communities in order to serve the needs of women, mothers and babies. In 2009, she began her career in academia as a nursing faculty member. During her tenure, she served as an Assistant Dean and Interim Dean. She now proudly serves as the Assistant Dean/Director of Nursing in the Concordia Department of Nursing.

Education
Doctorate of Nursing Practice (DNP), Southern California State University Consortium
Master of Science in Nursing and Women's Health Nurse Practitioner, University of California, San Francisco
Bachelor of Science in Nursing, University of Southern California
Teaching
Women’s Health Care
Physical Assessment
Foundations of Nursing
Leadership/Management
Research

DNP project: Nurse Practitioner’s knowledge and use of the internet for adolescent health information

Publications/Presentations
(2016) contributions were added to the textbook Transcultural Nursing: Assessment and Intervention by Dr. Joyce Newman Giger.
(2015, March) Poster presentation of research at CANP Conference, Newport Beach, CA
(2014, November) Poster presentation of research at STTI Odyssey Nursing Research Conference, Ontario, CA
Vega-Belluscio, Elizabeth, DNP, RN, CNE, CHSE
(949)-214-3555
elizabeth.vega@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Nursing / Simulationist

Nursing has been a dream and calling for me since I was four years old. While serving in the military as a computer technician, I studied nights and weekends to meet the prerequisites to get accepted into nu