https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/nursing/msn/nursing-team
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Nursing Program | MSN-FNP

Admission Requirements
Curriculum
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
FACULTY
Master of Science in Nursing: Family Nurse Practitioner (MSN-FNP)
MSN Faculty

Our faculty are experts in their fields and dedicated to the Great Commission of Jesus Christ to share the Gospel and care for all of God’s people.

Main Nursing department number: (949) 214-3280

Bowman, Mary, BS, MSN, RN
(949) 214-3554
mary.bowman@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Nursing

Mary Bowman has been a nurse for over 30 years. During that time, she has been blessed to work in a variety of nursing positions. She worked in ambulatory care settings for both primary and obstetrical/gynecological units. In acute care, she worked in labor and delivery, postpartum, high-risk antepartum and cared for the newborn. She worked in a leadership role as a nurse manager for sixteen years for Women’s and Children’s Services in a hospital setting. She developed a service line called “Transitions for Women” caring for the inpatient and outpatient breastfeeding mothers, and created an oncology boutique for oncology patients. Mary has developed curriculum and taught a variety of classes to physicians, nurses, new graduates, and patients for over 30 years. She is an AWHONN Intermediate Fetal Monitor Instructor and presented a poster presentation on fetal kick counting at an Association of California Nurse Leaders conference.

Education

She received her Bachelors of Science in Healthcare Management at Chapman College in 2006 and completed her MSN in Nursing Education at Walden University in 2013. Mary joined Concordia University Irvine as a full-time faculty in May, 2014.

Teaching

She teaches leadership theory, research, and maternal/infant health preceptorship and seminar for the ABSN program. She is the Course Coordinator for Senior Preceptorship and leads the Academic Faculty Student Affairs committee. Additionally, she has taught leadership theory for the MSN and RN to BSN programs. Aside from teaching, Mary enjoys traveling and making memories with her family.

Boyle, Miki, DNP, APRN, AGPCNP-BC, PMHNP-BC, ACHPN
(949) 214-3275
miki.boyle@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Nursing

I am a dual-certified nurse practitioner with Adult-Geriatric Primary Care with specialty certification in hospice and palliative care and Psychiatric Mental Health. Other nursing experiences include critical care, telemetry, medical-surgical oncology, and employee health. I enjoy volunteering in the community both locally and globally. Locations of the medical mission include Tijuana, Ensenada, and Sinaloa State, Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, Belize, and various California cities.

Education
Post-Master’s Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner Certificate, Western University of Health Sciences, 2022
Doctor in Nursing Practice, Brandman University, 2019
Post-Master’s Adult-Geriatric Primary Care Nurse Practitioner Certificate, University of California, Irvine, 2014
Master of Science in Nursing, California State University, Fullerton, 2009
Bachelor of Science in Nursing, California State University, Fullerton, 2008
Bachelor of Art in Business/Finance, California State University, Fullerton, 1999
Teaching
Adult Medical-Surgical Nursing
Advanced Medical-Surgical Nursing
Community Health Nursing
Psychiatric Mental Health Nursing
Senior-level Preceptorship
Skills/Pharmacology Lab / Open Lab
Student Success Coordinator
Wellness-Alternative Therapies Nursing
Research

Cultural competency in hospice care: An effect of online cultural diversity training in hospice interdisciplinary team as measured by the cultural competence assessment survey

Publications/Presentations
Poster presentation, Sigma Thera Tau International, Southern California Conference, Eliminating confusion in skills lab: An innovative approach, 2012
Poster presentation, Sigma Thera Tau International, Upsilon Beta Chapter Induction Ceremony, Nursing instructors’ “tool box”: Teaching strategies to facilitate the critical thinking skills, 2008
Cottle, Terry , DNP, RN, CNS
(949) 214-3279
terry.cottle@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Nursing
Biography

Terry Cottle began her nursing career in 1979 when she received her BSN from Loma Linda University School of Nursing. She worked in a variety of hospitals and healthcare settings in San Bernardino and Orange Counties. She completed an MSN in Community Health Nursing and received a School Nurse Services Credential in 2004. Terry has been full-time faculty and Assistant Director for Concordia University Irvine in the Nursing Department since 2008; she teaches in the ABSN, RN to BSN and MSN programs. She participated in transitioning the RN to BSN courses to the online format and wrote several of the courses. She completed her Doctorate in Nursing Practice in 2016 wit