 innovative approach, 2012
Poster presentation, Sigma Thera Tau International, Upsilon Beta Chapter Induction Ceremony, Nursing instructors’ “tool box”: Teaching strategies to facilitate the critical thinking skills, 2008
Cottle, Terry , DNP, RN, CNS
(949) 214-3279
terry.cottle@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor of Nursing
Biography

Terry Cottle began her nursing career in 1979 when she received her BSN from Loma Linda University School of Nursing. She worked in a variety of hospitals and healthcare settings in San Bernardino and Orange Counties. She completed an MSN in Community Health Nursing and received a School Nurse Services Credential in 2004. Terry has been full-time faculty and Assistant Director for Concordia University Irvine in the Nursing Department since 2008; she teaches in the ABSN, RN to BSN and MSN programs. She participated in transitioning the RN to BSN courses to the online format and wrote several of the courses. She completed her Doctorate in Nursing Practice in 2016 with a focus on Nursing Leadership.

In her free time, Terry enjoys reading, traveling and spending time with family.

Education
Doctor of Nursing Practice, 2016
Master of Science in Nursing, 2004
Bachelor of Science in Nursing, 1979
Research
2016: Cultivating nurse job satisfaction through authentic use of Watson's Theory of Caring
Holt, Carol, PhD, RN, CNS
(949) 214-3285
carol.holt@cui.edu
Professor of Nursing

Carol's RN experience includes critical care nursing for adult neurosurgical, trauma, open heart, transplant and general critical care patients; as an advanced practicing nurse experience as a Heart Transplant Coordinator and as a Pediatric Cardiovascular Clinical Nurse Specialist.

Program development, administration and instructor at Concordia University.
China Mission Trip 2014
American Heart Association Membership
American Holistic Nursing Association Membership
Active volunteer at St. Juliana Church in Fullerton

Education
Doctorate of Philosophy in Nursing, University of California at Los Angeles, 2005
Master of Nursing, Medical/Surgical Nursing Concentration in Critical Care, University of California at Los Angeles, 1989
Bachelor of Science Nursing, University of Tulsa, Tulsa Oklahoma, 1982
Committees
Chairman, Assessment Curriculum & Evaluation (ACE) Committee
Teaching
Advanced Medical/Surgical Nursing Theory and Clinical
Pathophysiology in RN to BSN and MSN Programs
Advanced Preceptorship Clinical and Seminar
Wellness Alternative Therapy
Leadership Theory and Clinical RN to BSN
Research
Editorial Board Member; Journal for the American Association of Critical Care Nurses, 2004-now
IRB Committee Concordia University; evaluate research applications, develops protocols and guidelines. 2016-2019
Weight as a Determinant of Survival in Patients With Heart Failure, Poster Presentation Sigma Theta Tau Conference, Carol Holt RN MN and Lynn Doering RN PhD, October 2001
Health and Well-Being of Children in Rural China. Concordia University President’s Showcase. Carol Holt, PhD., RN, CNS – Faculty Mentor & Phyllis Alvarez, RN, Spring 2015
An Investigation of the Influences of Planned Exercise on Food Selection in School Age Children. Dissertation for partial fulfilment for UCLA School of Nursing doctorate degree, 2005
Weight as a Determinant of Survival in Patients With Heart Failure, Carol Holt RN MN and Lynn Doering RN PhD, Poster Presentation Sigma Theta Tau Conference, Spring 2001
The Effect of Cardiopulmonary Bypass on Lung - Surfactant of Newborn Infants. A. Alkallay MD.......C. Holt. RN....J. Pomerance MD. Cedars Sinai Medical Center. Data collector & wrote portion of protocol, 1992 – 93
Nursing Strategies to Allow Early Discharge After Cardiac Transplantation: Is It Safe? Carol Holt RN MN……Hillel Laks MD. Principle Investigators. Poster presentation at International Heart Transplantation conference, April 1990
Collected data & computer input for NANDA diagnosis of the dying patient. Research Assistant, Jan-June 1989
Catastrophic Events and Their Concentration of Occurrence Around Change of Shift. Master's Thesis, UCLA, June 1989
Publications/Presentations
Wellness Assessment Content for Nursing Curriculum; Poster Presentation, American Holistic Nursing Association 38th Annual National Conference; Niagara Falls, New York, June 2018
Wellness/Prevention Content for Nursing Curriculum; Oral and Poster Presentation, NETNEP 2018 7th International Nurse Education Conference; Banff Canada, May 2018
Wellness/Prevention Content for Nursing Curriculum; Poster Presentation, ATI Summit 2018, Salt Lake City Utah National Conference; May 2018
Speaker at St. Joseph’s yearly symposium; The Future of Healthcare. Lecture title: Wellness Assessment; Preventative Care. October 2014
Health Tips column for Concordia school newspaper, 2011-12
Weight as a Determinant of Survival in Patients With Heart Failure, Poster Presentation Sigma Theta Tau Conference, Carol Holt RN MN and Lynn Doering RN PhD, October 2001
Holt, C., The Care of Children