lthood and Aging
3

This introductory course to the major psychological and developmental issues concerning adulthood, aging, and the aging process; will examine the issues associated with the physical, psychological, cultural, and social aspects of aging; give students a better understanding of the grief process as it relates to the issues of adulthood and aging; and dispel many of the myths and stereotypes about aging. Offered alternate years.


PSY 320: Developmental Psychology: Lifespan
3

This course will focus on the development and change through the human life-span including childhood, adolescence, adulthood, and aging. Physical, social, communicative, emotional, and cognitive issues will be covered along with the expected milestones during each phase of development while looking at each individual's unique and multifaceted physiological, psychological, sociological, and spiritual dimensions.


PSY 331: Marriage and the Family
3

Using a Christian approach to marriage, this course will study the family and its intimate environment including a discussion of courtship and role relationships within the family as a social institution. An emphasis will be placed on the changing nature of the family, family problems, and family strengths.


Choose 2 of the following courses:
CED 370: Children’s and Family Ministry
3

This course will examine and evaluate methods and materials appropriate for faith development and reflective of the physical, mental, social, emotional, and spiritual needs of children aged birth through grade six. Evaluation of curriculum, facilities, policies, and procedures towards a comprehensive ministry to and with children and their families will be addressed, emphasizing the involvement of children along with their families into the total life of the church. A fieldwork component is required.


CED 380: Youth Ministry and Culture
3

This course examines youth ministry in the context of cultural influences on adolescents in society today through the lens of Lutheran theology. The course will include discussions on traditional adolescent issues and responses that seek to address these issues. A fieldwork component is required.


CED 455: Catechesis: Theory and Practice
3

This course will survey the history, theory, and practice of catechesis in the Lutheran Church. Students will examine a variety of catechetical models and skills needed to develop a holistic approach to the catechesis of youth, adults, and families. A fieldwork component is required. Offered in alternate years. Prerequisite: THL 371 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


CED 460: Adult Ministry
3

This course will introduce students to the theological foundation of ministry to and with adults, stages of adulthood, adult learning, generational theories, unique needs of contemporary adults, theory and practice of small group ministry, and current programs and practices which will equip adults for ministry, build-up the body of Christ, and develop adults' faith in Christ.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

