https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/entrepreneurial-ministry-leadership/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Ministry Leadership Major
Curriculum
Get Started
MINISTRY LEADERSHIP MAJOR
Curriculum
CENTER FOR CHURCH LEADERSHIP
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Bachelor of Arts in Theological Studies: Ministry Leadership
THEOLOGICAL FOUNDATIONS
72 Units
Exegetical Theology
THL 311: Old Testament Book of the Bible OR THL 312: New Testament Book of the Bible
3

THL 311: This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the Old Testament or several books in their entirety which will vary from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite: THL 201 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different book is studied.

THL 312: This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the New Testament or several smaller books in their entirety which will vary from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite: THL 202 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different book is studied.

THL 312: New Testament Book of the Bible
3

This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the New Testament or several smaller books in their entirety which will vary from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite: THL 202 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different book is studied.


THL 429: Biblical Theology and Exegesis
3

Through an intensive study of the major themes of the Old and New Testaments, this course will introduce and apply the tools and principles of exegesis and hermeneutics with special emphasis on deriving Law and Gospel principles for use in congregational ministry. Prerequisites: THL 201 and THL 202 or concurrent enrollment allowed.


Systematic Theology
ATHL 473: Systematic Doctrinal Theology
3

Instructor and students will pursue graduate-level study of systematic doctrinal theology in biblical perspective. The course surveys the loci, i.e. the topics, of doctrinal theology. In the process we will consider the nature and task of theological reflection; the responsibilities and qualities of a theologian; and such key topics in theological reflection as the Person and Work of Christ, Justification, Law and Gospel, the Trinity, Creation, the Word of God, the Last Things, Christian Vocation, and the life of the Christian Church. Special attention will be given to recognizing and characterizing the church-related context in which and for which theology is undertaken. Our exciting and demanding task is to focus in every class session on theology that will serve the Church, the Body of Christ.


REL 375: Contemporary Religious Bodies
3

This introductory survey course of several major Western theological positions is organized around the systems of Roman Catholicism, Luther, Calvin and Wesley. Prerequisites: CTHL 101 or CTHL 200 or equivalent.


Historical Theology
THL 304: History of the Christian Church
3

This course will survey the origin and development of the Christian church through the examination of its political and cultural contexts and influences with special consideration given to theological themes which surfaced at different times and places throughout the history of the Christian church, culminating with 21st century trends in fundamentalism, evangelicalism, and ecumenism.


Missions
THL 430: Christian Apologetics OR THL 481: The Mission of Christ’s Church
3

THL 430: The relationship of the Christian faith to the major philosophies and ideologies that conflict with Christianity will be evaluated from the 2nd century to the present in this course. Prerequisite: Junior or senior standing or consent of instructor.

THL 481: This course will provide an overview of the theology and practice of Christian missions including the historical development, missionary methods, evangelism programs, and paradigm shifts including the skills needed to share the Gospel to others.

Other Theological Thought
REL 321: World Religions
3

This survey course of the world's major non-Christian religions will include motifs, belief patterns, ritual and worship, ethics, social patterns, origin and development, and sacred writings.


MINISTRY LEADERSHIP
CED 202: Church Leadership & Administration
3

In this course students will explore biblical principles and current practices of leaders and managers: envisioning, organizing, recruitment, training, and supervision of volunteers, budgeting, publicizing, and evaluating with special emphasis upon the application of these functions to church and parachurch leadership and administration. Learning culminates in a strategic ministry plan used within students' fieldwork congregations. Prerequisite: Fingerprint clearance o