https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/entrepreneurial-ministry-leadership/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Ministry Leadership Major
Curriculum
Get Started
MINISTRY LEADERSHIP MAJOR
Curriculum
CENTER FOR CHURCH LEADERSHIP
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Bachelor of Arts in Theological Studies: Ministry Leadership
THEOLOGICAL FOUNDATIONS
72 Units
Exegetical Theology
THL 311: Old Testament Book of the Bible OR THL 312: New Testament Book of the Bible
3

THL 311: This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the Old Testament or several books in their entirety which will vary from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite: THL 201 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different book is studied.

THL 312: This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the New Testament or several smaller books in their entirety which will vary from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite: THL 202 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different book is studied.

THL 312: New Testament Book of the Bible
3

This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the New Testament or several smaller books in their entirety which will vary from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite: THL 202 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different book is studied.


THL 429: Biblical Theology and Exegesis
3

Through an intensive study of the major themes of the Old and New Testaments, this course will introduce and apply the tools and principles of exegesis and hermeneutics with special emphasis on deriving Law and Gospel principles for use in congregational ministry. Prerequisites: THL 201 and THL 202 or concurrent enrollment allowed.


Systematic Theology
ATHL 473: Systematic Doctrinal Theology
3

Instructor and students will pursue graduate-level study of systematic doctrinal theology in biblical perspective. The course surveys the loci, i.e. the topics, of doctrinal theology. In the process we will consider the nature and task of theological reflection; the responsibilities and qualities of a theologian; and such key topics in theological reflection as the Person and Work of Christ, Justification, Law and Gospel, the Trinity, Creation, the Word of God, the Last Things, Christian Vocation, and the life of the Christian Church. Special attention will be given to recognizing and characterizing the church-related context in which and for which theology is undertaken. Our exciting and demanding task is to focus in every class session on theology that will serve the Church, the Body of Christ.


REL 375: Contemporary Religious Bodies
3

This introductory survey course of several major Western theological positions is organized around the systems of Roman Catholicism, Luther, Calvin and Wesley. Prerequisites: CTHL 101 or CTHL 200 or equivalent.


Historical Theology
THL 304: History of the Christian Church
3

This course will survey the origin and development of the Christian church through the examination of its political and cultural contexts and influences with special consideration given to theological themes which surfaced at different times and places throughout the history of the Christian church, culminating with 21st century trends in fundamentalism, evangelicalism, and ecumenism.


Missions
THL 430: Christian Apologetics OR THL 481: The Mission of Christ’s Church
3

THL 430: The relationship of the Christian faith to the major philosophies and ideologies that conflict with Christianity will be evaluated from the 2nd century to the present in this course. Prerequisite: Junior or senior standing or consent of instructor.

THL 481: This course will provide an overview of the theology and practice of Christian missions including the historical development, missionary methods, evangelism programs, and paradigm shifts including the skills needed to share the Gospel to others.

Other Theological Thought
REL 321: World Religions
3

This survey course of the world's major non-Christian religions will include motifs, belief patterns, ritual and worship, ethics, social patterns, origin and development, and sacred writings.


MINISTRY LEADERSHIP
CED 202: Church Leadership & Administration
3

In this course students will explore biblical principles and current practices of leaders and managers: envisioning, organizing, recruitment, training, and supervision of volunteers, budgeting, publicizing, and evaluating with special emphasis upon the application of these functions to church and parachurch leadership and administration. Learning culminates in a strategic ministry plan used within students' fieldwork congregations. Prerequisite: Fingerprint clearance or consent of Christ College's Office of Church Vocations.

CED 470: Family Systems
3

This course will examine the dynamics of family interaction from a systems perspective. An understanding of family systems theory will be applied to the historical, sociological, theological, and biblical contexts of family life and the church. Topics will include family formation, the process of family life, family history, non-nuclear families, and crisis assessment.


MACL 103: Introduction to Ministry Leadership
1

This course explores the biblical teaching on ministry and how the Lord calls specific persons to take up the mantle of ministry leadership in His church today. The professional, personal, and spiritual growth and formation of the future ministry leader is investigated, discussed, and fostered.


MACL 390: Practicum: Ministry Leadership
3

In this course students will spend time on-site with a supervising minister to acquire experience and skills related to ministry, including evaluation of the practicum experience. This course is repeatable and is offered as Pass/No Pass. Prerequisite: MACL 103 and full acceptance into BS or BA in Theological Studies: Ministry Leadership.


MACL 401: Ministry Seminar and Internship I
3

In this course students will spend time on-site with a serving minister to acquire experience and skills related to ministry, including evaluation of the practicum experience, presentation of current ministry trends, resources, and philosophies. Prerequisites: Student is in final year of and fully accepted into the Center for Church Leadership Program.


MACL 402: Ministry Seminar and Internship II
3

Continuation of MACL 401. Prerequisite: MACL 401.


PSY 466: Principles of Counseling
3

This foundation course will provide an understanding of the content and process of counseling including basic skills, legal and ethical issues, crisis intervention, cultural sensitivity, how and when to refer, control-mastery theory, and the integration of psychology and theology.


THL 222: Christian Witness and Evangelism
1

This course will introduce students to the theology and practice of Christian evangelism through the development of the skills needed to share the Gospel with others.


Choose 1 of the following courses:
PSY 313: Developmental Psychology: Childhood
3

The development of physiological and psychological aspects of human growth will be traced from birth through childhood in this course through an examination of the theories and research evidence as well as methodological problems as they relate to the growth process. Prerequisite: Sophomore standing or above.

PSY 314: Developmental Psychology: Adolescence
3

This course will study human development during the adolescent period with an emphasis on an examination of theories and research data as they relate to adolescent development including problems and adjustment patterns in the context of the family, peer groups, school, and society.


PSY 315: Developmental Psychology: Adulthood and Aging
3

This introductory course to the major psychological and developmental issues concerning adulthood, aging, and the aging process; will examine the issues associated with the physical, psychological, cultural, and social aspects of aging; give students a better understanding of the grief process as it relates to the issues of adulthood and aging; and dispel many of the myths and stereotypes about aging. Offered alternate years.


PSY 320: Developmental Psychology: Lifespan
3

This course will focus on the development and change through the human life-span including childhood, adolescence, adulthood, and aging. Physical, social, communicative, emotional, and cognitive issues will be covered along with the expected milestones during each phase of development while looking at each individual's unique and multifaceted physiological, psychological, sociological, and spiritual dimensions.


PSY 331: Marriage and the Family
3

Using a Christian approach to marriage, this course will study the family and its intimate environment including a discussion of courtship and role relationships within the family as a social institution. An emphasis will be placed on the changing nature of the family, family problems, and family strengths.


Choose 2 of the following courses:
CED 370: Children’s and Family Ministry
3

This course will examine and evaluate methods and materials appropriate for faith development and reflective of the physical, mental, social, emotional, and spiritual needs of children aged birth through grade six. Evaluation of curriculum, facilities, policies, and procedures towards a comprehensive ministry to and with children and their families will be addressed, emphasizing the involvement of children along with their families into the total life of the church. A fieldwork component is required.


CED 380: Youth Ministry and Culture
3

This course examines youth ministry in the context of cultural influences on adolescents in society today through the lens of Lutheran theology. The course will include discussions on traditional adolescent issues and responses that seek to address these issues. A fieldwork component is required.


CED 455: Catechesis: Theory and Practice
3

This course will survey the history, theory, and practice of catechesis in the Lutheran Church. Students will examine a variety of catechetical models and skills needed to develop a holistic approach to the catechesis of youth, adults, and families. A fieldwork component is required. Offered in alternate years. Prerequisite: THL 371 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


CED 460: Adult Ministry
3

This course will introduce students to the theological foundation of ministry to and with adults, stages of adulthood, adult learning, generational theories, unique needs of contemporary adults, theory and practice of small group ministry, and current programs and practices which will equip adults for ministry, build-up the body of Christ, and develop adults' faith in Christ.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

