uire greater flexibility. If you are able to initiate local conversations or have contacts that are reasonable to leverage to assist in your internship placement, we will gladly work with you. If you do not have local contacts, keep in mind that the more geographically mobile you are, the better a potential match we are likely to find for you from the churches that have applied with us.

When does internship begin?

When all course work has been completed. Course work that has been waived due to prior academic work at another institution is considered complete and will not prevent internship placement.

When will I be eligible for a call?

When internship requirements have been successfully completed, you are then eligible for your first call. Interns spend 2-3 days at Concordia University Irvine each January for a ‘reflection conference’ which includes additional details.

Admission and Registration
How do I get started?

To begin the application process contact Carrie Donohoe, Christ College Program Coordinator, at carrie.donohoe@cui.edu or (949) 214-3389.

How do I register for class?

Students will receive a form sent via email from Carrie Donohoe that must be signed and returned. After the initial enrollment you will register using MyRecords (https://myrecords.cui.edu). The registration process begins July 1 for the Fall semester (Aug-Dec), Nov. 1 for the Spring semester (Jan-May), and April 1 for the summer term.

How is my prior academic work applied toward certification?

All prior academic work should have been documented in the form of official transcripts during the application process. Courses accepted as credit toward certification are noted in your file and in your course plan.

What is the purpose of my course plan and can it be amended?

A course plan is a guide for faculty, staff, and students to keep track of your program in your program. The course plan is built around the schedule of available classes and your desire as a student for the timing of the completion of your course work. At times students over-estimate how much work they can handle. If you find that the work load is too great for you or if for other reasons you need to change the pace of your studies, please let us know. We will be happy to adjust your course plan.

When do student loans have to be paid back?

Generally there is a grace period of 6 months before loans need to begin being paid back, but when you complete exit counseling with financial aid, more details will be shared based on your lenders.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

