luding the study of balance sheets and owner's interests, accrual accounting including revenue recognition and cost allocation, the income statement and measures of performance, statement of cash flows, and cash and receivables. Prerequisite: ACT 212.

FIN 411: Professional Financial Planning
3

This course equips students with a Christian perspective on retirement, estate planning, and wealth management, and prepares students to provide financial planning services to individuals, families, and companies. This practical course focuses on key issues, legal requirements, and restrictions related to effective retirement and estate planning. Topics addressed include types of retirement plans, implementing gifts, trusts, and life insurance as means of transferring assets after death, and regulatory and tax considerations within retirement and estate planning, as well as related concerns such as wealth management, family offices, and family business succession planning. Prerequisites: BUS 261 and FIN 331.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the School of Business and Economics are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with best business practices, real-world experience, as well as a Christian moral, ethical, and value perspective of leadership.

Mark Francis
Director of Sport Business Program & Assistant Professor

Professor Mark Francis’s involvement in local, regional, national, and international sport management has led to his success with the professional sports community throughout Southern California and has helped him secure professional internships for students that have included the LA Angels, LA Dodgers, San Diego Padres, Steinberg Sports & Entertainment, Golden Boy Promotions, Sports 1 Marketing, LA Galaxy, Rose Bowl, and the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.

Read More »

Kim Chatani
Full-Time Faculty

Professor Kim Chatani is an Adjunct MBA professor and teaches Accounting and Finance undergraduate courses. He has had an impressive career, with experience including numerous senior level positions at notable organizations and audit and consulting clientele including many global and large enterprises. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), Certified Internal Services Auditor (CISA), and a Forensic Certified Public Accountant (FCPA). He is also a published author and expert on the topics of fraud and cyber-security.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

BUSINESS FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Resources

Learn more about Concordia's School of Business and Economics from the student handbook.

STUDENT HANDBOOK

Get In Touch

For more information about any of the many rewarding education programs at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

 

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

