https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/psychology/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Psychology Major
Curriculum
Minor
Faculty
Get Started
PSYCHOLOGY MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Cosgrove, Jennifer S.
(949) 214-3327
jennifer.cosgrove@cui.edu
Professor of Psychology
Degrees Earned
U.S. International University, Ph.D. 1991
Lu, John
(949) 214-3328
john.lu@cui.edu
Professor of Psychology and Department Chair

Dr. John Lu completed his doctorate at UC Irvine in Social Psychology (emphasis in Health Psychology). He began working at Concordia Irvine in 2004. His research interests are in the mind-body relationship. Most recently he has been examining happiness and optimal performance. Dr. Lu teaches courses in Statistics, Cognition, Social Psychology, and Health Psychology. His greatest enjoyment in teaching is watching students grow academically and personally as they are challenged to foster their gifts.

Degrees Earned
University of California, Irvine, Ph.D. 2007
Mendez, Buddy
(949) 214-3330
buddy.mendez@cui.edu
Professor of Psychology

Dr. Mendez has been a full-time Professor of Psychology at Concordia for the past 25 years. While at Concordia, he has also worked as a Clinical Psychologist with a private practice in Newport Beach. He graduated from Fuller Theological Seminary with an M.A. in Theology and a Ph.D. in Psychology. Dr. Mendez has appeared on the television show “Good Morning America.” He has published the book, “Ready, Set, Married: 12 Christian Character Traits for a Strong and Lasting Marriage.” He plans to publish his second book, “Surviving Your Child’s Adolescence” next fall. Dr. Mendez is a member of the Christian Association of Psychological Studies, the American Psychological Association, and the San Francisco Psychotherapy Research Group. He is a frequent teacher and speaker on marriage, family, and parenting issues at several Christian Schools and Churches in the local community.

Degrees Earned
Fuller Seminary Graduate School of Psychology, Ph.D. 1992
Talk to a Professor

Connect with a Concordia professor in real-time. Get answers to your questions and learn more about our curriculum.

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

