nge County Bar Association and he has been named a "Southern California Rising Star" by Super Lawyers each year since 2015.
 
He has a BA in Political Science and Spanish from Columbia University where he participated in Sigma Nu and Men's Varsity Swimming.  He earned his JD at Yale Law School.

Bio Page

Grimalda, Andy
(949) 214-3372
andrew.grimalda@cui.edu
Andy Grimalda
Adjunct Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Andrew Grimalda previously served as a resident faculty member in the School of Business & Economics where he designed and started the Economics and Data Analytics majors as well as the school's capstone course. He has served as co-chairperson for the Educational Effectiveness Committee for the last nine years. Before joining Concordia, Andrew owned and grew his healthcare administrative services company to become one of the 100 largest in the United States. Prior to this, Andrew served as the Chief Financial Officer for a regional insurance carrier, for the nation’s largest voice and data telecommunications reseller, and for a national healthcare management company. Andrew also had a distinguished military career, retiring at the rank of Colonel. He served as an Army Ranger, Deputy Chief Logistical Operations for reserve forces, Commander of senior reserve officer warfare training, instructor at the U.S. Military Academy, and Commander of a battalion-size unit during combat operations. Andrew holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the United States Military Academy, West Point, and a Master’s degree in management science from the Sloan School of Management, M.I.T.

Education
M.S. Management Sciences Sloan School of Management, M.I.T.
B.S. U.S. Military Academy, West Point
View Curriculum Vitae

Bio Page

Henderson, Richard
 
richard.henderson@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

I have over 25 years of diversified experience, as an accomplished Executive with comprehensive experience, full accountability for P & L, leading Aerospace & Defense manufacturing business units delivering highly engineered products. I have a successful track record in business growth, profit improvement, turnarounds and business development. Built high-performance teams and collaboratively drove businesses to dramatically improved financial results.

Additionally, experienced in using Earned Value Management techniques to provide positive ROI for large-scale programs. Experienced in creating Work Breakdown Structures, full product life cycle of software & hardware development, and accomplished in guiding development teams to successful completion of large-scale projects and programs utilizing six sigma and lean electronics processes. Exceptional background in Engineering, Global Program Management, Product Management, Corporate Strategy, Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing experience.

Currently, I am employed at Boeing Research & Technology as a Senior Deputy Program Manager. This position has enabled me to refine my skills in dealing effectively and efficiently with all levels of executive and staff personnel, clients and vendors. As well as improving my performance in a substantial number of other areas, which have included considerable decision-making and effective negotiation.

My wife Nancy and I and have been married over 20 years with four girls and one son.

Education
D.B.A., Business Administration Grand Canyon University, US-AZ-Phoenix
M.B.A., Business Administration Hope International University, US-CA-Fullerton
B.S., Business Management Hope International University US-CA-Fullerton
B.S., Electronics Engineering Technology, R.E.T.S., Electronic Engineering Institute, US-AL-Birmingham
Hess, Gill
 
gilbert.hess@cui.edu
Gill Hess
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Before joining Citi Personal Wealth Management, Gil was the Managing Director of Wealth4Purpose and consulted in the areas of Estate Planning and Charitable Planning. Prior to that, Gil was Divisional Director of the Wealth Planning Centers for Citigroup Smith Barney in the Western Division where he and his team met with High Net Worth Clients and their families to discuss all aspects of their financial circumstances while focusing on Federal Estate and Federal Income Tax planning. Gil has authored several articles and has been published in the Orange County Lawyer Magazine, Los Angeles Business Journal and the Sacramento Business Journal. He is also an Adjunct Professor in the School of Business at Concordia University where he teaches Business Law and Business Ethics. Gil earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from California State University Long Beach, his Juris Doctorate from Western State University College of Law and completed advanced estate planning courses at American College in Bryn Mawr, PA. In addition, Gil currently holds Series 7, 63, 65, and 24 licenses through the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. He also holds a lifetime teaching credential from the Board of Gover