https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/sports-business/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Sports Business Major
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
SPORTS BUSINESS MAJOR
Faculty
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Full-Time Faculty
Burkhart, Tammie
(949) 214-3371
tammie.burkhart@cui.edu
Tammie Burkhart
Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Dr. Burkhart currently owns and operates a franchise business with three locations in Orange County, focusing on customer acquisition, training and education. Prior to that she worked in the accounting and real estate acquisition portions of the property management and residential home sale industries, which includes the local and national unit of the EEXCEL companies.

Education
EdD Organizational Leadership, Pepperdine University
MBA, Pepperdine University
BA in Accounting and Management, Concordia University

Bio Page

Chatani, Kim
(949) 214-3382
kimiharu.chatani@cui.edu
Kim Chatani
Professor, School of Business
Biography

Kim Chatani is a Professor in the School of Business at Concordia University, Irvine where he teaches Accounting 604, Finance 606, Governance and Risk Management 615 A and International Finance 621. In addition, he teaches Auditing ACT 419, Financial Statements Analysis ACT 332 and FIN 332 and GASB 350, ACT 311 and 312 Intermediate Accounting at the Undergraduate level.

Professor Chatani’s experience includes numerous senior level positions at notable organizations: Audit Partner at Arthur Andersen, LLP and a Consulting Partner in charge of JD Edwards Business Solutions Group, Consulting Partner and Vice President of Technology Solutions at A.T. Kearney, Inc., Consulting Managing Director at BearingPoint (formerly KPMG Consulting) and Director of Japanese Advisory Practice at KPMG, LLP. He is also an Advisory Partner and Board member at Khronicle Partners, Inc., a boutique management consulting firm based in Irvine, CA. Concurrently, he serves on a number of organizations as a board member and the audit committee chairman.

He is a published author and expert on the topics of fraud and cyber-security, being interviewed numerous times in various publications including Forbes, Moody’s, and American Banker and speaking on Talk Radio. In addition, he is a frequent speaker at conferences with his knowledge cybersecurity and risk management. Professor Chatani is co-author of several Fraud Casebooks published by John Wiley & Sons of New York, is a contributing author for the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) Examination on IFRS training programs. He also provides his time to the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners (ACFE) as the Orange County Chapter’s Vice President and Board member.

Education
MBA in Finance from Boston University
BS in Accounting from the State University of New York at Albany
Certified Public Accountant (CPA)
Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE)
Certified Internal Services Auditor (CISA)
Forensic Certified Public Accountant (FCPA)
Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA)
Fluent in English and Japanese

Bio Page

Bio Page

Francis, Mark
(949) 214-3269
mark.francis@cui.edu
Mark Francis
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Mark holds an MBA and MA in Sports Administration as well as a Diploma in University Teaching from the University of New Brunswick (Canada). He has recently been retained by Concordia University Irvine where he is serving as the Director of the Sports Business program and Assistant Professor. Mark has also served as a Sports Business Professor at UCLA Anderson’s Center for Media, Entertainment and Sports since 2011, and as an academic advisor to educational technology company and UCLA Anderson Academic partner, Athleta-Ed. He is also course developer and professor for the MBA program in Hockey Business at the Business of Hockey Institute for Athabasca University in Edmonton. In 2016, Mark had the privilege of acting as the Lead Instructor for UCLA Extension’s Custom Programs in Sports & Entertainment Marketing in Shanghai, China and served in a similar capacity for Jiaotong University of Shanghai in 2018. Mark currently serves as an advisor to IMPACT Internship LLC.

In addition to his professional academic work, Mark also boasts a wealth of consulting experience through his consulting company, MARK ONE Sports & Entertainment, whose clients have included Athleta-Ed, Edwards Technologies International, Panasonic, Business of Hockey Institute, California Center, BaAM Productions, Concordia University Irvine and UC Irvine.

Mark has in depth experience at all levels of Sports & Entertainment with significant expertise in fan/guest engagement technologies and large-scale event management and marketing. He speaks regularly on numerous topics related to the business of sports,