ty. She is a member of the Psi Chi International Honor Society and the Sigma Beta Delta Honor Society. In addition, she is a Sam Walton Fellow with SIFE/Enactus, and has coached Concordia University Irvine students at national business ethics competitions.

Education
MA Psychology, Pepperdine University, Malibu
MBA Concordia University, Irvine
BA Liberal Arts, Concordia University, Irvine

Bio Page

Nagel, Kit
(949) 214-3373
kit.nagel@cui.edu
Kit Nagel
Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Professor Nagel is an expert in global marketing. His specific areas of expertise in consumer packaging, supply-chain, and large scale turnkey project management have led to extensive global assignments. Most recently, Nagel was in Berlin working with the pharmaceutical firm Bayer on helping realign its global supply chain.

Nagel teaches at both the MBA and undergraduate levels and enjoys bringing a real-world, cross-disciplinary perspective to preparing students for their careers. Senior executives today note the shortage of trade-literate, culturally sensitive managers, and Nagel’s former students have gone on to positions with leading multinationals and government agencies.

On the academic side, his students have gone on to graduate programs at Tufts, NYU, and the London School of Economics.

Marketing Manager-Asia with Fortune 100 International Paper Co.
VP-Commercial Development with Servrite International
Born in the UK; worked and traveled in over 50 countries
Education
MIM-AGSIM
Publications
International Business: The Challenge of Globalization (Pearson)
"Global Market Entry - Rules of Engagement" (Xlibris)
"Quants Gone Wild" (WSJ)
"Global Marketing Management" (Pearson)
"Luther on Trade and Commerce" (CPH)
Courses
International Marketing
International Finance
Marketing Research
New Venture/Entrepreneurship
History of Economic Thought
Global Enterprise

View Curriculum Vitae

Bio Page

Bio Page

Playter, Kellie
(949) 214-3603
kellie.playter@cui.edu
Kellie Playter
Assistant Professor & Internship Director, School of Business & Economics
Biography

Kellie earned her Bachelor's and Master's Degrees in Communication Studies from California State University, Long Beach, and her Ph.D. in Organizational Leadership from Regent University. She has served on several nonprofit boards in her community, including the Junior Chamber of Commerce and the Ronald McDonald House Charities. She has been teaching college courses since 2008, teaching at California State University Long Beach and Long Beach City College before finding her home at Concordia, where she can combine her love of teaching with her Christian beliefs. She has taught a variety of classes in communication, leadership, and business, but tends to focus on workplace communication and behavior, professional writing, internship/career preparation, and professional development skills.

Education
Ph.D., Organizational Leadership, Regent University (in progress, expected May 2023)
M.A., California State University Long Beach (May 2010)
B.A., California State University Long Beach (May 2007)
Research

Kellie's research interests relate to the identity of motherhood, women in leadership, intergenerational workplace culture, and leading virtual teams.

Publications

Playter, K. L. (2020). Courageous followership according to the epistle of Jude. Journal of Biblical Perspectives in Leadership, 10(1), 48-55. Abrams, J.R., Shaw-Playter, K., LeMaster, B., Willis, R., Hoffman, S., Bodden, D. & Whitney, M. (2011). Proactive performance: A context for intergroup contact. Howard Journal of Communications, 22, 319-335.

Conference Presentations
Playter, K. L., Andrew, A.J. & Harris, E. (2019). “I’m neglecting my other baby”: Examining mothers’ workplace re-entry narratives. WSCA.
Playter, K. L. & Andrew, A.J. (2018). The status of mom: The workplace experiences of pregnant women and mothers. WSCA.
Shaw, K. (2011) Proactive performance: A context for intergroup contact. WSCA.
Shaw, K. (2009) Media and immigration, freedom of speech or hate speech. WSCA (pre-conference).
Courses
Business Writing & Presentations
Organizational Behavior
Internship

Bio Page

Shiery, Carolyn
949) 214-3369
carolyn.shiery@cui.edu
Carolyn Shiery
Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Professor Shiery has over 30-years of experience in corporate marketing and training. She has worked for and with major Fortune 500 firms and had a consulting firm specializing in market research and training. She has taught marketing courses for over 20 years and has broad knowledge of marketing strategy, international business and communications.

Education
M.B.A. International Business California State University, Fullerton
B.A. Marketing California State University, Fullerton

Bio Page

Wolf, Drew
(949) 214-3366
drew.wolf@cui.edu
Drew Wolf
MBA Director & Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Dr. Drew Wolf serves Concordia University Irvine School of Business as the MBA Di