ce – Communications, Purdue University
Graduate Certificate – Strategic Communications Management, Purdue University
B.A.S. – Business Administration - Management, Peru State College
A.A.S. – Southeast Community College
Courses
Managing Today’s Worker

Bio Page

Passwater, ​Israel
 
israel.passwater@cui.edu
Israel Passwater


Biography

Israel Passwater has been serving as an Adjunct Faculty Member since 2008. Israel has a unique professional background in both education and business. Israel started his teaching career in special education. His passion for innovation and organizational improvement lead him to serve in both the public sector and private sectors in business leadership. His teaching areas of expertise are in Organizational Leadership, Leadership, Management Theory, Consulting, Coaching, and Organizational Behavior. Israel teaches part-time both online and campus-based courses for National University and Concordia University Irvine.

Currently, Israel serves as the Cheif Operations Officers (COO) for an e-commerce company in South Orange County. His educational background consists of a Bachelors of Arts in Psychology from Point Loma Nazarene, Masters Degree in Sports Management / Kinesiology from California Baptist University, and he is finishing his Doctorate in Organizational Leadership at Pepperdine University.

Israel is a former scholarshiped student-athlete and is an avid marathon runner. He loves spending time with his family; son Cole (5), Wife Katie and their two rescue golden retrievers Gracie and Riggins.

Bio Page

Pereda, Brittany
 
brittany.pereda@cui.edu
Brittany Pereda
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Brittany Pereda joined the Eagles Athletics Staff in December of 2017.

In her role as Assistant Athletics Director for Operations and Development, she directly assists with fundraising, corporate sponsorships, business operations, finance, community outreach and game management. She also oversees the Eagles Student-Athlete Advisory Committee and assists the Director of Athletics, Mo Roberson, in maintaining an environment where coaches, staff, and student-athletes grow spiritually, academically, socially and athletically.

Prior to joining the Concordia University Irvine Athletics Department, Pereda spent two years working for MotorActive Australia in which she operated as an independent contractor to create business plans for long-term success. She also conducted marketing research proposals and oversaw efforts in launching and maintaining small business ventures in Southern California. Pereda also doubled as the senior event coordinator for Electra Cruises in Newport Beach, California where she operated as an on-site coordinator for all weddings, corporate and private events. She handled daily operations, managed sales and assisted with content creation for the website and all social media efforts.

While her role is new within the Athletics Department, Pereda is not new to the Eagle family. After graduating from Loyola Marymount University where she was a four-year varsity softball player and earned both a Law and Business Marketing degree, she joined the Eagles softball staff as an assistant coach under the direction of head coach Crystal Rosenthal from 2012-2015. During that time, she helped lead the Eagles to their first ever program National Championship in 2013 and graduated from Concordia University Irvine with her Master’s in Business Administration in 2015.

Bio Page

Philips, Roger
 
roger.philips@cui.edu
Roger Philips
Professor, School of Business
Biography

Roger Philips has been in international management for over twenty years. In addition to his consulting practice, he is adjunct professor and lead course instructor for the international business strand of Master of Arts in International Studies program at Concordia University. This program emphasizes study of Chinese business. Prof. Philips also teaches in the MBA program and leads business study tours to Shanghai and Beijing.

View Curriculum Vitae

Bio Page

Bio Page

Rodgers, Robert
 
robert.rodgers@cui.edu
Robert Rodgers
Biography

R. (Robert) Neil Rodgers has taught at Trinity Law School in Santa Ana since 2000. As a full- time law faculty member beginning in 2015, Professor Rodgers has taught many subjects including Clinical and Skills courses, Business Associations and Constitutional Law. He coaches the Trinity Interscholastic Moot Court Team and is involved in the design of several courses for Trinity’s MLS and JD programs. His law practice concentrations are in bankruptcy, corporate workouts and reorganizations, business formation, transactions and business litigation in State and Federal Courts. In 2006 he was engaged by the Orange County Treasurer/Tax Collector as a special consultant and he previously served as a member of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Central District of California, bankruptcy trustee panel in Chapters 7 and 11 proceedings. He is a graduate of UCLA (1974) with a major in