d Beijing.

View Curriculum Vitae

Bio Page

Bio Page

Rodgers, Robert
 
robert.rodgers@cui.edu
Robert Rodgers
Biography

R. (Robert) Neil Rodgers has taught at Trinity Law School in Santa Ana since 2000. As a full- time law faculty member beginning in 2015, Professor Rodgers has taught many subjects including Clinical and Skills courses, Business Associations and Constitutional Law. He coaches the Trinity Interscholastic Moot Court Team and is involved in the design of several courses for Trinity’s MLS and JD programs. His law practice concentrations are in bankruptcy, corporate workouts and reorganizations, business formation, transactions and business litigation in State and Federal Courts. In 2006 he was engaged by the Orange County Treasurer/Tax Collector as a special consultant and he previously served as a member of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Central District of California, bankruptcy trustee panel in Chapters 7 and 11 proceedings. He is a graduate of UCLA (1974) with a major in Political Science and minor in Economics. As a Western State College of Law Juris Doctor graduate he continues to provide transactional representation to business clients in the Southern California area.

Bio Page

Rogers, Frederick
(949) 400-7565
frederick.rogers@cui.edu
Biography

Fred Rogers is a serial entrepreneur and has had a life-long passion for new technologies and the process of rapid and successful commercialization.

Rogers was founder and president of Rogers & Associates Management Consultants, Ltd., from its inception in 1972, until its acquisition in 1985. He led the firm from being a startup to becoming an enterprise with 7 offices in the United States and 3 in Canada, over 200 employees. After a decade in semi – retirement Rogers founded SUTI Holdings, LP to radically alter the technology commercialization landscape and spent almost 2 decades working with US universities to commercialize their technologies.

In 2014 Mr. Rogers resigned from day to day operations of SUTI to pursue consulting and advisory work and spend more time on issues of interest.

He is currently a consultant to InTrust Global working with the Mexican Government to commercialize their university technology; a consultant to the technology consulting firm Yet2 advising several of their Fortune 100 clients; is a consultant to Paley-Advisors a Wall Street Investment Bank and an advisor to a couple of small technology start ups.

He and his wife Peggy of 43 years reside in Newport Beach California. They have 2 grown children and 2 grandchildren.

Education
MBA University of Alberta 1972
Rudolph, Linda
(714) 309-2842
linda.rudolph@cui.edu
Linda Rudolph
Adjunct Professor of Business
Biography

Linda Rudolph, MBA has over 20 years of management and human resource management experience in domestic and global organizations. This experience spans across several industries including technology, professional services and manufacturing. She has held several HR leadership positions and is SHPR certified. Linda currently teaches the Concordia undergraduate Human Resource Management course. Ms. Rudolph began teaching at Concordia in 2003 in the School of Business and has also taught for UCI Extension, Cal State Fullerton and Brandman University. She is currently the HR Director for a privately held manufacturing organization in Orange County.

Education
B.A. USC Liberal Arts
M.B.A Pepperdine

Bio Page

Winkler, Phillip
 
phillip.winkler@cui.edu
Phillip Winkler
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Phillip (Todd) Winkler is trained in Electrical Engineering (BSEE - LeTourneau, MSEE - USC) and experienced in multiple disciplines as a data analyst, software programmer, systems design and system engineering. He has 23 years as a systems engineer in IT technical sales. He has deep expertise in servers, data storage, IT systems and data center architectures. Previously he worked in the defense industry for 12 years as a missile systems software designer, data analyst and data visualization expert.

He has always been called by his middle name Todd.
He has lived in 26 different places in the US and Europe.
He enjoys teaching, solving problems and technology.
He has been a follower of Christ since 4th grade.
He lives in Lake Forest with his beautiful wife Dawn.
He has two boys, both in college - Concordia University Irvine and Cal Poly SLO.
He has a Bachelors of Science in Electrical Engineering from LeTourneau University in east Texas.
He has a MSEE from USC in 1992 in Nuclear Fusion and Plasma Dynamics.
He loves outdoor sports, travel and racquetball.

Bio Page

Bio Page

Zoltany, Laszlo
(949) 214-3379
laszlo.zoltany@cui.edu
Laszlo Zoltany
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Professor Zoltany likes to be referred to as an entrepreneur or intrepreneur in business and in education. His philosophy of teaching evolved from embracing the concept around andragogy while working in corporate America and instructing business courses at Concordia