key Business at the Business of Hockey Institute for Athabasca University in Edmonton. In 2016, Mark had the privilege of acting as the Lead Instructor for UCLA Extension’s Custom Programs in Sports & Entertainment Marketing in Shanghai, China and served in a similar capacity for Jiaotong University of Shanghai in 2018. Mark currently serves as an advisor to IMPACT Internship LLC.

In addition to his professional academic work, Mark also boasts a wealth of consulting experience through his consulting company, MARK ONE Sports & Entertainment, whose clients have included Athleta-Ed, Edwards Technologies International, Panasonic, Business of Hockey Institute, California Center, BaAM Productions, Concordia University Irvine and UC Irvine.

Mark has in depth experience at all levels of Sports & Entertainment with significant expertise in fan/guest engagement technologies and large-scale event management and marketing. He speaks regularly on numerous topics related to the business of sports, hi-lighted by the 2019 Keynote presentation on the NCAA College Admissions Scandal, 2019 Future of Sports Conference with the LA Chargers, 2019, PrimeTime Sports Management Conference (Toronto), 2018 Keynote Presentation for Sport BC AGM, 2017 UCLA Anderson Big Data Conference, 2015 Gravity Summit & UCLA Sports Technology Panel, 2014 SATE Conference in Themed Entertainment, 2014 LA Dodgers/LA Chamber of Commerce panel on Sports Technology, and the 2014 Beverly Hills Chamber of Commerce Panel on the “Art of Negotiation in Sport.”

Through his extensive industry work, Mark has developed a deep professional network of leaders throughout all levels of sports & entertainment, many of whom appear annually during his Sports Business program at UCLA Anderson. He also serves on the international board of advisors for the European-based IBJA Sports Alliance Group.

Mark served Head Coach of the Men’s Ice Hockey program at UCLA from 2010-2017 and won the 2017 PAC 8 Conference Championship, 2013 & 2017 Crosstown Cup and 2017 Los Angeles Kings College Cup. He was also selected as one of two finalists for the PAC 8 Coach of the Year Award for 2012 and was selected as Head Coach of the PAC-8 Selects at the ACHA National Championships in Philadelphia in 2011 and 2013 respectively. Mark served a two-year term as the Associate Executive Director of the PAC 8 Men’s Hockey Conference. Prior to his move to Los Angeles in 2010, Mark served as Head Coach for the University of New Brunswick Women’s Varsity Hockey program from 2004-2007 and holds 2 USports Canada National Silver Medals and 2 Atlantic University Sport Championships as an Assistant Coach with the University of New Brunswick Men’s Ice Hockey program (1999-2004).

Bio Page

Bio Page

Jameson, Joseph
 
joseph.jameson@cui.edu
Joseph Jameson
Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Joe began his business career as an award-winning stockbroker for over 10 years at Legg Mason and Metlife before entering the teaching profession. As a stockbroker, Mr. Jameson served as the IPO manager for a large branch and worked an equity trading desk for three years. Additionally, he served as Vice-Chairman on an advisory board for a de novo community bank and as a director and treasurer for an educational non-profit organization in Maryland.

He began his teaching career at Kaplan Financial Education, where he taught licensing courses for life insurance, real estate, and securities. Joe started teaching ESL classes in China and became Dean of Undergraduate Programs at a small college in Shanghai. He continued teaching ESL upon returning to his hometown for two community colleges.

Personal interests include serving as a longtime volunteer at his parish in Baltimore, Maryland. Mr. Jameson’s hobbies include reading, hiking, and traveling. He has visited nearly half of the 63 national parks in the United States. His son attends college in northern Virginia.

Education
M.B.A. in Marketing from the Loyola University of Maryland
M.A. in Education with an Emphasis in English as a Second Language from Concordia University, St. Paul
Bachelor of Arts in Government & Politics from the University of Maryland College Park

Bio Page

Kinnen, Michael
(949) 214-3364
michael.kinnen@cui.edu
Michael Kinnen
Professor, School of Business and Economics
Biography

Michael Kinnen is an expert in finance with over 20 years' managerial and executive experience in valuation and management consulting; he has 10 years' experience teaching at the university level. Prior to embarking on a career in teaching, Michael served corporate clients as an authority on valuation issues in engagements related to mergers and acquisitions, corporate valuation, capital budgeting, solvency, and restructuring. In his various academic appointments, Michael teaches MBA and undergraduate courses in the areas of corporate finance, advanced valuation techniques, real options analysis, investment management, financial statement analysis, and the