Wealth Planning Centers for Citigroup Smith Barney in the Western Division where he and his team met with High Net Worth Clients and their families to discuss all aspects of their financial circumstances while focusing on Federal Estate and Federal Income Tax planning. Gil has authored several articles and has been published in the Orange County Lawyer Magazine, Los Angeles Business Journal and the Sacramento Business Journal. He is also an Adjunct Professor in the School of Business at Concordia University where he teaches Business Law and Business Ethics. Gil earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from California State University Long Beach, his Juris Doctorate from Western State University College of Law and completed advanced estate planning courses at American College in Bryn Mawr, PA. In addition, Gil currently holds Series 7, 63, 65, and 24 licenses through the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. He also holds a lifetime teaching credential from the Board of Governors of the California Community Colleges. In the past, Gil has served on the advisory boards for the Institute for Preparing Heirs, Hoag Memorial Hospital, Olive Crest Treatment Center for abused children and CBMC of Newport Beach, to name a few. Gil and his family make their home in Orange County, CA.

Bio Page

Kwak, Edward
 
edward.kwak@cui.edu
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Edward Kwak is a Southern California native and a Concordia Irvine alumni. Edward holds an undergraduate degree in marketing and an MBA from Concordia Irvine. Having worked for both startups and major corporations, Edward comes with a very diverse marketing background with experience in multiple industries including video games, tankless water heaters, oral hygiene, wine storage, and high performance/racing automotive braking systems and safety equipment. Currently, Edward is working for the Lutheran Church Extension Fund as the West Region Marketing Manager, focusing on marketing financial products and services for Lutheran Church Missouri Synod members and congregations.

Lu, Jeffrey
 
jeffrey.lu@cui.edu
Jeffrey Lu
Adjunct Professor of Business
Biography

Professor Jeffrey Lu serves entrepreneurs in finance, real estate and tax services while providing transaction advises for more than two decades. His career started at Peat Marwick Mitchell (KPMG). He developed strong negotiation skills while practicing public accounting representing entrepreneurs featured in Inc. and Money magazine for merger and acquisition & financing of venture-backed and knowledge-based businesses in the high-tech, healthcare and real estate industries. 1997 Money magazine recognized him as one of the Personal Financial Specialist by AICPA. He is a broker associates, realtor® with Coldwell Banker Previews International at Newport Beach, CA, He earned the top 5 ranking of 2013 EBT program of Coldwell Banker Commercial.

Professor Lu is Certified Public Accountant, Personal Financial Specialist, Realtor, Broker Associate and Certified Negotiation Expert of Real Estate Negotiating Institute. Mr. Lu lectures "Cross Border Transactions & international taxation at Graduate School of Accounting of Soochow University. He lectured accounting and financial statement analysis at University of Missouri at Columbia Missouri and Coastline Community College in Orange County, California. Professor Lu is the founder of LU & ASSOCIATES in Irvine, California, serving entrepreneurs with transactional advisory services in finance, real estate and taxes.

Professor Lu is member of venture capital organization in Southern California and Silicon Valley/San Francisco Bay, director of Southern California Monte Jade (SCMJ), Assistant Scout Master of Boy Scout of America Troop 606, and Vice Chair of GATE committee of Irvine Unified School District. Mr. Lu served as Vice Chairman of the board of director of Southern California Chinese Culture Association (SCCCA)/Irvine Chinese School (ICS) based in Irvine, California.

Education
Master of Accountancy, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri
M.S. – Taxation, Golden Gate University, San Francisco, California
B.S. – Accounting, Soochow University, Taipei, Taiwan, R.O.C.
Courses
ACT 212 Managerial Accounting
ACT 313 Cost Accounting
FIN 335 Real Estate Finance
MBA 621 and 622 International Finance
MBA 665 Entrepreneurship Principles and Practices

Bio Page

McClatchy, Robert
 
robert.mcclatchy@cui.edu
Robert McClatchy
Adjunct Professor, School of Business
Biography

Robert's career spans over the transportation, finance, and nonprofit sectors where he has held operations management, controller, and CFO positions. He currently serves on the boards of Reef Check and Blue Water Photo.

Robert specializes in asset and equity valuations using hard data to develop and test pricing and forecast models.

Education
Pepperdine University, MBA
UC Riverside, Environmental Science, B.S.

Bio Page

Bio Page

McLaughlin, Elizabeth June
 
elizabeth.mclaugh