https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/biblical-languages/curriculum
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theological Studies: Biblical Languages Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
THEOLOGICAL STUDIES: BIBLICAL LANGUAGES MAJOR
Curriculum
CHRIST COLLEGE
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum
THEOLOGICAL STUDIES: BIBLICAL LANGUAGES MAJOR
46 Units
THEOLOGICAL FOUNDATIONS
Exegetical Theology
THL 311: Old Testament Book of the Bible
3

This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the Old Testament or several books in their entirety which will vary from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite: THL 201 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different book is studied.


OR

THL 312: New Testament Book of the Bible
3

This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the New Testament or several smaller books in their entirety which will vary from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite: THL 202 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different book is studied.


THL 429: Biblical Theology and Exegesis
3

Through an intensive study of the major themes of the Old and New Testaments, this course will introduce and apply the tools and principles of exegesis and hermeneutics with special emphasis on deriving Law and Gospel principles for use in congregational ministry. Prerequisites: THL 201 and THL 202 or concurrent enrollment allowed.


Systematic Theology (Doctrine)
THL 371: Christian Doctrine and Confessions I
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover theological method, revelation and Scripture, Law and Gospel, the Triune God and His attributes, humanity and sin, and the person and work of Jesus Christ as the God-man, with an emphasis on key biblical material and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions.


THL 372: Christian Doctrine and Confessions II
3

This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will cover the work of Christ, the person and the work of the Holy Spirit, the church and eschatology with an emphasis on key biblical materials and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions. Prerequisite: THL 371.


Historical Theology
THL 304: History of the Christian Church
3

This course will survey the origin and development of the Christian church through the examination of its political and cultural contexts and influences with special consideration given to theological themes which surfaced at different times and places throughout the history of the Christian church, culminating with 21st century trends in fundamentalism, evangelicalism, and ecumenism.


Missions
THL 430: Christian Apologetics
3

The relationship of the Christian faith to the major philosophies and ideologies that conflict with Christianity will be evaluated from the 2nd century to the present in this course. Prerequisite: Junior or senior standing or consent of instructor.


OR

THL 481: The Mission of Christ's Church
3

This course will provide an overview of the theology and practice of Christian missions including the historical development, missionary methods, evangelism programs, and paradigm shifts, to develop the skills needed to share the Gospel to others.


Other Theological Thought
REL 321: World Religions
3

This survey course of the world's major non-Christian religions will include motifs, belief patterns, ritual and worship, ethics, social patterns, origin and development, and sacred writings.


OR

REL 375: Contemporary Religious Bodies
3

This introductory survey course of several major Western theological positions is organized around the systems of Roman Catholicism, Luther, Calvin and Wesley. Prerequisites: CTHL 101 or CTHL 200 or equivalent.


BIBLICAL LANGUAGES
GRE 101: Greek I
4

This course will study the fundamentals of the ancient Greek language including morphology, syntax, and vocabulary for reading simple passages of Greek prose.

GRE 102: Greek 2
4

A continuation of GRE 101. Prerequisite: GRE 101 or equivalent with a grade of C- or better.

HEB 101: Hebrew I
4

This course will study the morphology, vocabulary, and syntax of biblical Hebrew for reading simple passages of the Hebrew Bible.

HEB 102: Hebrew II
4

A continuation of HEB 101. Prerequisite: HEB 101 or equivalent with a grade of C- of better.

Choose 1 of the following courses:
GRE 301: Greek Readings*
3

Readings of selected portions of the ancient Greek Biblical and classical texts with special emphasis on building translation skills through a review of morphology and syntax as well as the acquisition of the new vocabulary. Prerequisites: C- or better in GRE 101, GRE 102. May be repeated for credit.

HEB 301: Hebrew Readings
3

Through the reading of selective narrative, legal and poetic passages of the Hebrew Bible, students will advance their translation skills through review and inductive study of morphology, vocabulary and syntax with attention paid to genre analysis and textual criticism. Prerequisites: C- or better in HEB 101, HEB 102. May be repeated for credit.

ELECTIVES
CHOOSE ANY 300 OR 400 LEVEL CHRIST COLLEGE COURSES NOT TAKEN IN THE MAJOR (PREFIXES ARA, CED, GRE, HEB, PHI, THL. ARAMAIC, GREEK OR HEBREW ELECTIVES ARE HIGHLY ENCOURAGED.)

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Minors

Options to consider:

Biblical Languages
Biblical Studies
Christian Education Leadership
Classical Languages
Director of Christian Education
Director of Parish Music
Lutheran Teaching
Missiology
Pre-Deaconess Studies
Pre-Seminary
Theology
Worship Arts Leadership
Youth Ministry
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

