h these approaches. The significance of the Lutheran confessional distinction between God's left and right hand rule will also be explored. Student research and presentations on contemporary ethical issues are usually included. Prerequisite: (CTHL 101 or CTHL 200) and junior standing, or consent of instructor.


THL 399B: Special Topics in Systematic Theology
3

This course will examine a special topic in exegetical, systematic, or historical theology.


Choose 1 of the following Church History courses not taken above:
THL 351: Patristic and Medieval Christianity
3

With an emphasis on the major themes in the history of Christian thought beginning with the church fathers, this course will look at the medieval thinkers and culminate with the work of St. Thomas.


THL 355: The Reformation
3

This course will introduce students to the social, political, and intellectual context of the various 16th century reformations of the church in Europe as well as the events, ideas, and implications of these reform movements with attention given to both the "magisterial" and "radical" Protestant and Catholic reformations.


THL 358: Contemporary Church History
3

After a survey of the 18th and 19th century, this course will focus on theological thought after Protestant liberalism and up to the present day with some time devoted to conservative responses.


THL 463: Readings in Classical Christian Thought
3

Selected primary source readings in Western Christianity including Augustine (Confessions), Life of St. Antony, selected Western mystics, St. Anselm, St. Thomas Aquinas, Luther, Calvin and Wesley will be studied in this course. Prerequisite: (CTHL 101 or CTHL 200) and junior standing, or consent of instructor.


THL 399C: Special Topics in Historical Theology
3

This course will examine a special topic in exegetical, systematic, or historical theology.


Elective
CHOOSE ANY 300 OR 400 LEVEL CHRIST COLLEGE COURSE NOT TAKEN IN THE MAJOR (PREFIXES ARA, CED, GRE, HEB, LAT, PHI, THL)

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

