ht Bible Study series. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2013.
1 and 2 Kings Leaders Guide (lectures only). Edited by Brian Chisamore. LifeLight Bible Study series. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2013.
Heaven and Hell. Edited by Brian Chisamore. LifeLight Bible Study series. Concordia Publishing House, 2012.
1, 2, 3 John Leaders Guide. Edited by Brian Chisamore. LifeLight Bible Study series. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2012.
Middendorf, Michael
(949) 214-3404
mike.middendorf@cui.edu
Professor of Theology

Curriculum Vitae

Hi! My name is Mike Middendorf, a Professor of Theology. I am privileged to teach a wide of variety of courses related to the Bible (e.g. Old and New Testament, Greek and Hebrew, and many more!). It is a great opportunity to lead classes on three levels at one University! My favorite group to work with is our undergraduate students, but I also get to teach courses in the Master of Arts program and to seminarians studying here for many types of ethnic ministry. My home state is Minnesota and my college is a sister school of Concordia - Irvine, located in St. Paul, MN. After completing my pastor’s degree and a doctorate at Concordia Seminary in St. Louis, I was a parish pastor at Concordia Lutheran Church in Jamestown, ND. Then I served as professor for 9 years at another sister Concordia, in Austin, TX, before coming to Irvine. Is that enough Concordia’s for you? Well, yet another Concordia, Concordia Publishing House, asked me to write a two-volume commentary on the book of Romans for their Concordia Commentary series. Volume one was published in 2013; volume two in 2016. I also co-authored the New Testament textbook used here and at other Concordias titled, Called by the Gospel. In addition to digging into the Bible, I have worked on an archaeology dig three summers at Hippos on the shore of the Sea of Galilee in Israel. After all those Concordias, I should point out that “Concordia” is from two Latin words which literally mean “with heart.” That is one phrase which I strive to have as a characteristic of my teaching ministry. “Concordia” is also often translated as “harmony.” Since coming to Concordia in 2001, I have really found that to be an outstanding description of the Christian community here.

Education
Concordia Seminary, St. Louis, MO, M.Div., 1987; S.T.M., 1989; Ph.D., 1990
Concordia College, St. Paul, MN, B.A., 1981
Professional Experience
Concordia University, Irvine, CA since 2001
Concordia University, Austin, TX, 1992-2000
Recent Achievements
Author of the 2-volume commentary on Romans in the Concordia Commentary series (2013, 2016)
Co-author of Called by the Gospel, a university-level New Testament introduction (2007)
Dissertation on Romans 7, The "I" in the Storm, published by Concordia Publishing House (1997)
Mueller, Steven
(949) 214-3386
steve.mueller@cui.edu
Vice President, Chief Mission Officer, & Professor of Theology

Rev. Dr. Steven P. Mueller earned his doctorate from Durham University in England, completing his dissertation on The Christology of C. S. Lewis: A Lutheran's Evaluation. A graduate of Christ College, Irvine, Dr. Mueller completed his Master's of Divinity and Master’s of Sacred Theology from Concordia Theological Seminary, Ft Wayne, IN. Following his ordination, he accepted a call to Concordia University Irvine in 1995. A published author and hymn writer, Dr. Mueller also serves as an Assistant Pastor for Saint Paul’s Lutheran Church of Irvine.

Curriculum Vitae

Education
Ph.D. Durham University (England)
S.T.M. Concordia Theological Seminary
M.Div. Concordia Theological Seminary
B.A. Christ College Irvine
Professional Experience
Concordia University since 1995
Asst. Pastor, Redeemer Lutheran Church, Sioux City, Iowa 1991-1995
Teaching Assistant, Concordia Theological Seminary & Director of Choral and Handbell Music, Bethany Lutheran Church, Ft. Wayne, Indiana, 1990-1991
Teaching & Research Interests
Systematic Theology: Christian Doctrine, Lutheran Confessions
World Religions
Worship
C.S. Lewis
Selected Publications
The Lutheran Study Bible. St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 2010. (Contributor and Associate Editor).
Called to Believe, Teach, and Confess: An Introduction to Doctrinal Theology. Wipf and Stock, 2005. (author/editor).
Not a Tame God: Christ in the Writings of C. S. Lewis. Concordia Publishing House, 2002.
Theologia et Apologia: Essays in Reformation Theology and its Defense, Wipf and Stock, 2007. (contributor and co-editor)
Called to Believe: A Brief Introduction to Christian Doctrine. Wipf and Stock, 2006 (author/editor)
“Christ the Word of God Incarnate.” Hymn Text. Lutheran Service Book, 2006.
“The Lion, the Witch, and the Savior.” The Lutheran Witness, December 2005.
“Beyond Mere Christianity: An Assessment of C.S. Lewis.” Christian Research Journal, Sept/Oct 2004.
“Born Again. . . and Again and Again.” The Lutheran Witness 117:10 (October 1998).
Worship. Lutheran Difference Bible Study Series, Concordi