https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/business/finance
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Finance Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Finance Minor
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
REQUIRED COURSES
18 Units
BUS 201: Introduction to Management, Marketing and Information Technology
3

This survey course will look at today's American business systems including a study of various types of businesses and the information they gather, store, and process, including administration and management of people, facilities, and information. Course will include relevant computer experience simulating business situations.


ACT 211: Financial Accounting
3

Basic elements of accounting and methods of gathering and reporting financial data will be examined in this course, including a study of financial statements, journalizing financial transactions, merchandising activities, investments in property, plant and equipment; and depreciation as it applies to corporations. Prerequisite: BUS 201.

FIN 211: Personal Finance
3

This course will prepare students to make appropriate decisions regarding financial planning in career choices, investment, savings, income taxes, credit cards, loans, car and home purchases, asset protection, health expenses, insurance, and real estate.


FIN 331: Finance
3

This is an introductory course to the principles and practices of managerial finance, sources and methods of raising capital, cash flow analysis, financial statement analysis, financial markets, and stockholder equity concerns. Additional concepts will include decision making with risk and use of operation and financial leverage. Prerequisites: General education math requirements and ACT 211.

BDA 337: Introduction to Business Data Analytics
3

This is an introductory course teaching applied job skills in close connection to the concepts and theories that drive the daily decisions relevant to data analysis and business intelligence. Each module focuses on a primary theme with real world cases where students will start by grappling with business problems and the underlying data to methodically drill down and solve problems from a technical approach. A few of these topics include, applications of statistics, data visualization tools in Excel, linear regression, time‐series, classification algorithms, and bias in data.

Choose one of the following courses:
FIN 333: Investments
3

Building upon FIN 331, this course will help students learn more about the strategic deployment of equities, debt and derivative instruments, diversification with appropriate levels of risk, time horizon, collateralization, and active investment portfolio management. Prerequisite: FIN 331.

FIN 431: Intermediate Finance
3

This course extends the discussion of the sources, uses and management of capital in a firm focusing on the application of investment, financing and dividend concepts used in capital budgeting, cash flow analysis, financing alternatives and capital structure, capital distribution, financial planning and firm valuation. Growth strategies and M&A valuation methods will be introduced. Prerequisite: FIN 331.

FIN 441: Professional Financial Planning
3

This course equips students with a Christian perspective on retirement, estate planning, and wealth management, and prepares students to provide financial planning services to individuals, families, and companies. This practical course focuses on key issues, legal requirements, and restrictions related to effective retirement and estate planning. Topics addressed include types of retirement plans, implementing gifts, trusts, and life insurance as means of transferring assets after death, and regulatory and tax considerations within retirement and estate planning, as well as related concerns such as wealth management, family offices, and family business succession planning. Prerequisites: BUS 261 and FIN 331.

FIN 445: International Finance
3

This course will explain corporate strategies, opportunities, and processes for raising funds, investing, and developing financial relationships with global partners including a review of global stock markets, money exchanges, and foreign financial institutions. Prerequisite: FIN 331.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog yea