anies. This practical course focuses on key issues, legal requirements, and restrictions related to effective retirement and estate planning. Topics addressed include types of retirement plans, implementing gifts, trusts, and life insurance as means of transferring assets after death, and regulatory and tax considerations within retirement and estate planning, as well as related concerns such as wealth management, family offices, and family business succession planning. Prerequisites: BUS 261 and FIN 331.

FIN 445: International Finance
3

This course will explain corporate strategies, opportunities, and processes for raising funds, investing, and developing financial relationships with global partners including a review of global stock markets, money exchanges, and foreign financial institutions. Prerequisite: FIN 331.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Want to know more about Concordia University Irvine? Let one of our admissions counselors get in touch with you and answer any questions you might have.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

In your college search, it's important that you find the right fit for you. That's why we offer both group visits and individual visits for you and your family throughout the year. Come experience our beautiful hilltop campus, sit in on a class, attend chapel, and dine in our cafeteria

Visit us at one of our upcoming Admissions events

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Get started on submitting your application for admission today. Applications received after February 15 are reviewed on a rolling basis.

Fall Deadlines to Apply
Early Action	Nov. 15
Early Action II	Feb. 15
Rolling	Aug. 15

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

