https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/heritage/enduring-questions-ideas
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

About Concordia

Our Heritage
Our Community
Our Campus
Related Links
Connect with Us
Enduring Questions & Ideas (Q&I) Core
OUR HERITAGE
Concordia's Core Curriculum: Innovation in Foundational Education
Core Curriculum Explained from Concordia University Irvine on Vimeo.

It started with a question:How could Concordia strengthen the entire academic experience and create a shared intellectual foundation, rooted in its Lutheran heritage, for the entire campus community? The answer led to an ambitious transformation of Concordia's undergraduate curriculum.

Today, Concordia’s Enduring Questions & Ideas (Q&I) Core is nationally recognized for its innovative undergraduate curricula. Since 2010, it has redefined the undergraduate experience at Concordia and, in one swoop, achieved a number of educational goals which have made it a model for other institutions.

Perhaps the most unique feature of the Q&I Core is its pairing of classes that at first glance don’t seem to go together — biology and theology, mathematics and philosophy, history and literature. Freshmen and sophomores take these paired classes concurrently and learn to make connections between seemingly disparate subjects.

“One of the key elements of the Q&I Core Curriculum is that courses are paired with one another, syllabuses overlap in meaningful ways,” says Q&I Core director Dr. Kerri Tom. “Through experimentation, close reading, and problem-solving, students’ assumptions are challenged; theoretical concepts are applied to their own experiences (both inside and outside of the classroom) to test their validity.”

The Q&I Core upends the reigning model of education in the U.S., which usually leaves freshmen to piece together a general education from a grab-bag of courses. Instead, Concordia's Q&I Core requires every undergraduate to take a series of classes in sequence so that professors can lay a foundation of knowledge and create strong learning habits.

“Concordia's Q&I program helps students grow into critical and meaningful thinkers. Through the lens of disciplines such as biology, English, and philosophy, professors encourage students to discuss some of life's biggest questions like the nature of goodness, truth, and beauty,” says Makenna Myers, a double major in English and in Humanities & Fine Arts. “These questions are posed not in hopes of finding an answer but for the sake of the discussion itself. Learning how to sit in this state of not knowing, the state of a perpetual student, is the most valuable skill I learned at Concordia.”

As Dr. Dan Deen, Professor of Philosophy, has expressed it, the Core courses are an “invitation to investigation.” The instructors in these courses “model intellectual virtues” for their students. Hence, Concordia University Irvine’s Core Curriculum provides a solid basis for study in any discipline in which a student may major, whether in humanities, the fine arts, social or natural sciences, health or human services, education, or economics and business.

Read more about How CUI Created One of the Most Innovative General Education Programs in America in the Spring 2013 edition of CUI Magazine.
Read more about the Q&I Core, and what our students are saying about it.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

