https://www.cui.edu/reformation500
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Always Reforming
Who We Are
4 Solas 
Musical Resources
Events
Articles
Always Reforming
THE 500TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE REFORMATION

def. from Latin reformare ‘shape again’

#CUIReformation

SCROLL

This is Who We Are
The Reformation is still about Jesus
The church is always reforming, not because God changes or the truth changes. No, it is always reforming because the church is made up of human beings. Every one of them sinful. Every one of them tempted to ignore the Word of God or to substitute his or her own ideas for God’s truth. It is easy for Christians, and for churches, to become confused and to drift from God’s Word and will.

CONTINUE READING

View Recording
Reformation 500: An Evening of Word & Song

Wednesday, November 1, 2017
Segerstrom Concert Hall, Costa Mesa, CA

The Renée and Henry Segerstrom Concert Hall resounded with music, song, and spoken word during the once-in-a-lifetime celebration of the 500th anniversary of the Reformation. More than 500 musicians, speakers, and dancers joined the sell-out crowd of over 2,000 participants in what was the largest celebration of the Reformation on the West Coast.

VIEW THE PRINTED PROGRAM
The Story of the Reformation
Why the 95 theses of Martin Luther matter today

Late in 1517, Martin Luther was a little-known monk and professor at a new university in Wittenberg Germany, a minor town on the outskirts of the Holy Roman Empire. Although he had previously taught against unscriptural doctrines, he was virtually invisible to the powers in Rome.

Invisible, that is, until he stepped into the indulgence controversy. The papal court was participating in an elaborate financial scheme whereby the sale of indulgences—papal certificates to forgive sins—would help finance the rebuilding of St. Peter’s Basilica in Rome. When Luther heard of these sales in a neighboring area, he wrote 95 theses for academic disputation, condemning the sale of indulgences. When, on October 31st of that year, he nailed the theses to the door of Wittenberg’s castle church, they were soon copied and widely dispersed. Suddenly Luther was quite visible, directly in the cross-hairs of the papal court.

Many prominent voices in Luther’s time were critical of the corrupt papacy, but Luther’s message was different. He called not only for moral reform, but for theological reform. The sale of indulgences was merely a symptom of departures from Scriptural teachings such as justification by faith alone, through grace alone, for the sake of Christ alone. Luther was soon excommunicated, and his teachings banned.

He was not easily silenced, however. He preached, taught, and wrote prolifically, all the while longing for Mother Church to return in unity to her apostolic roots. There appeared to be an opportunity in 1530, when Emperor Charles V called for a meeting of imperial leaders at Augsburg. The goal was to heal the religious differences that plagued the Empire from within, while the Turks were a threat from without. The Lutherans presented a sound and winsome case in the Augsburg Confession, but the papal faction was hardened against their teachings. Religion would remain a dividing factor in the Empire, and Luther’s reform would remain a reformation, an institutional division that marks the Church even today.

Concordia University Irvine is “guided by the Great Commission of Christ Jesus and the Lutheran Confessions.” We rejoice that Christ came for all (John 1:29) and that we are saved by grace through faith in Him. Confident in the Gospel, we welcome students from a wide variety of backgrounds, as we pray and work for the unity of the Church, which is redeemed by Christ and always reforming.

- rpd

Dig deeper. Learn more about the Luther Seal and how it summarizes the gospel. It’s still all about Jesus.

TOGGLE
Always Reforming
Reflections on the 500th Anniversary of the Reformation

by Steven P. Mueller

The brief essays in this volume explore various aspects of Reformation theology and its implications. They were written by faculty of Concordia University Irvine in commemoration of the Reformation's 500th anniversary.

AVAILABLE ON AMAZON
Sola Scriptura
Scripture Alone
READ ARTICLE
Sola Gratia
Grace Alone
READ ARTICLE
Sola Fide
Faith Alone
READ ARTICLE
Solus Christus
Christ Alone
READ ARTICLE
Always Reforming Through Song

Musical resources for the Reformation - free to view and download.

Reformation and Music

Dr. Jeff Held presented at the Concordia Reformation Lectures at Christ Lutheran Church (Costa Mesa) on June 11, 2017.

A Mighty Fortress is Our God - Dan Forrest

Commissioned by The Concordia Choir and Concordia Sinfonietta for the 500th anniversary of the Reformation.

The setting opens and closes with the blows of Luther’s hammer ringing through history; the piece itself works its way through Luther’s original Renaissance setting, Bach’s f