https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/connect/complaint-procedure
Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
ABOUT CUI
About CUI
Our Heritage
Our Community
Our Campus
Connect with Us
REQUEST INFO
APPLY NOW
Related Links
Alumni
Campus Master Plan
Donors & Friends
Parents
Complaint Procedure

Concordia University Irvine takes very seriously complaints and concerns regarding the institution.

Step 1

If you have a complaint regarding Concordia University Irvine, you may present your complaint to:

Vice President of Student Affairs, Dean of Students at megan.bouslaugh@cui.edu or
General Counsel at ronald.vanblarcom@cui.edu

For academic complaints, you should present your complaint to the Dean of the appropriate school.

These contacts will provide you with a written explanation of the campus process for addressing your particular complaint(s) and answer any questions you may have to assure you a fair process.

Step 2

If you believe that your complaint warrants further attention after exhausting all the steps outlined in the writing given to you by the Dean of Students or General Counsel, and if your complaint is about the institution’s compliance with academic program quality and accrediting standards, you may contact:

The Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC)

WASC is the academic accrediting body for Concordia University Irvine.

You may also contact the Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education for review of a compliant. The bureau contact information is 2535 Capital Oaks Drive Suite 400 Sacramento, CA 95833, www.bppe.ca.gov, T: 916-431-6924, F: 916-263-1897.

Step 3

If you believe that your complaint continues to warrant further consideration after exhausting the review of either WASC or the investigative team representing Concordia University, Irvine, you may submit a complaint to the Attorney General of the State of California by filing a complaint form with the Public Inquiry Unit of the California State Department of Justice:

By phone at (916) 322-3360
Toll-free in California at (800) 952-5225
Fax to (916) 323-5341
Online Form

The Attorney General's Office will review the process through which the campus attempted to resolve your complaint. If the process complies with the written outline, the Attorney General's Office will, for the purposes of state oversight, consider the matter closed. If the Attorney General determines that the process through which the campus attempted to resolve your complaint did not comply with its published process, the Attorney General may request reconsideration by Concordia University, Irvine. The Attorney General's Office also has oversight of Concordia University, Irvine as authorized through the “Supervision of Trustees and Fundraisers for Charitable Purposes Act” [Cal. Gov’t Code § 12598], which provides public means to submit complaints regarding non-profit colleges and universities that abuse their status under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (23 U.S.C. §501(c)(3). The California Attorney General is given broad powers to undertake law enforcement investigations and legal actions to protect the public interest under Cal. Gov’t Code § 12598.

Most complaints made to media outlets or public figures, including members of the California legislature, Congress, the Governor, or individual Regents of Concordia University, Irvine are referred to the University President’s Office.

Nothing in this disclosure limits any right that you may have to seek civil or criminal legal action to resolve your complaints.

Concordia University Irvine has provided this disclosure to you in compliance with the requirements of the Higher Education Act of 1965, as amended, as regulated in CFR 34, Sections 600.9 (b) (3) and 668.43(b). If anything in this disclosure is out of date, please notify Ronald A. Van Blarcom, 1530 Concordia West, Irvine, CA 92612, (949) 214-3135, and ronald.vanblarcom@cui.edu.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

