ibly. This will earn you respect in the online community.

Be respectful. Respect for the dignity of others and to the civil and thoughtful discussion of opposing ideas is critical. Feel free to respectfully disagree with a position but please do not propagate online confrontation as it reflects poorly on both the individual and Concordia University Irvine.

Be positive. A good rule of thumb: if you would not say it in person, don’t say it online.

Encourage open conversation. Listen to people and respond to as many comments as possible with constructive feedback. Allow negative comments, delete the spam, and seek to respond rather than censor.

Allow comments. Even the negative ones. A good philosophy for comments is to encourage thoughtful discussion, debate and differing viewpoints, with the understanding that all comments made must be civil, respectful, and appropriate for your audience. If comments are lewd, libelous, incite violence or are otherwise hurtful or hateful speech directed at either individuals or groups, Concordia University Irvine employees who serve as account administrators reserve the right to delete such comments. Look to the Concordia University Irvine Social Media Response Procedure for guidance.

Resources
Copyright
Terms and Conditions for Concordia Irvine Computing and Network Resources
Reporting Online Abuse or Harassment
Radian6: Social Media Etiquette - Minding Your Manners on the Social Web
Section 3 - Getting Started
Request an Account

Launching a new Concordia University Irvine social media network is a team effort and the Social Media Manager is here to guide you through the process.

Review and fill out the Social Media Assessment Worksheet.
Meet with the Social Media Manager for Concordia University Irvine Social Media Policy training.
Along with the Social Media Manager create a strategy.
Follow the social media Guidelines and Best Practices and get started!
Learn More
What is Facebook?
What is Twitter?
What is LinkedIn?

Disclaimer: Some content has been adapted with permission from Colorado State University.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

