https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/social-media/guidelines
Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
SOCIAL MEDIA
Accounts
Contests
Guidelines
CONTACT US
Social Media Guidelines

Social media is user-generated web content that is highly available and collaborative. Social media allows conversations in a world-sized room. Anyone can join. Everyone can join.

Social media is distinct from industry media because it is user-generated. Therefore the public tends to trust and value social media differently than industry media.

Section 1 - Policies For All Social Media Sites

Concordia University Irvine prohibits the creation of unofficial social media pages that:

Appear to represent the university.
Use the Concordia University Irvine name and/logo or official university images on an unofficial, unapproved page.
“CUI", “CU Irvine". “ConcordiaIrvine", “Concordia Irvine”, “Concordia University Irvine", “Concordia University, Irvine”, “Concordia University in Irvine”, “Concordia University California”
Impersonate the university in any way.
Social Media Community Manager Policy
Officially recognized Concordia University Irvine (CUI) social media accounts must be reviewed, approved, and created by the Office of Strategic Communications. These are the only accounts permitted to use an approved Concordia University Irvine logo and to be a representative of Concordia University Irvine.
Each officially recognized social media account will have an assigned responsible administrator. Each administrator must read and sign this Concordia University Irvine Social Media Community Manager Policy and read the Concordia University Irvine Social Media Playbook. Concordia University Irvine social media account administrators are referred to as “Social Media Community Managers” (SMCM). They are responsible for managing, protecting, and promoting each account they administer in a manner consistent with the Concordia University Irvine Social Media Policy and Playbook, and that conforms to and does not conflict with Concordia University Irvine’s mission, vision, and values.
SMCM shall create a LastPass® account to store all Concordia University Irvine social media passwords. Proper password security methods shall be used, including length, complexity, and keeping passwords confidential. Social media account passwords may not be shared with anyone else without approval from the Concordia University Irvine Social Media Team. SMCM is responsible in the event that a social media account they administer is compromised and they must immediately notify the Concordia University Irvine Social Media Team.
Social media account passwords, profile graphics, and email addresses may not be altered by SMCM without proper approval.
Should SMCM privileges need to be transferred to another individual, SMCM shall notify the Concordia University Irvine Social Media Team two weeks prior. Social media accounts that are inactive for over six months may be deactivated.
Inappropriate, offensive, injurious, illegal content, photographs/videos of minors, and partisan political matters may not be posted to any social media account. Content protected by FERPA or HIPPA may not be posted to any social media account. Tagging or @mention of students is not permitted. Content violating these standards must be immediately removed by SMCM, and may be removed by the Concordia University Irvine Social Media Team or other authorized Concordia University Irvine designee.
Concordia University Irvine logos, trademarks, symbols, and phrases will not be used outside of the social media account without written permission from the Office of Strategic Communications. Copyright law, trademark law, and other fair use of materials laws must be complied with at all times.
SMCM may not run paid advertising campaigns, host live streams/events, host contests, create GIFs, stickers or filters on/for social media without proper approval.
Should the SMCM receive a negative comment or post on an account he/she is responsible for, SMCM shall refrain from engaging and send a screenshot to the Concordia University Irvine Social Media Team for next steps. For Athletics, please include Sports Information Director.
In the event of a Concordia University Irvinecampus crisis or public relations event, SMCM shall first notify the Concordia University Irvine Social Media Team of any comments or inquiries received to the account they administer before taking any action. If no response from Concordia University Irvine Social Media Team is received within two hours, refer all posts and comments to the main Concordia University Irvine social media sites (Facebook and Twitter) and/or to the Concordia University Irvine website unless other instructions are given. At such times, SMCM shall follow the instructions given by appropriate Concordia University Irvine officials including Office of Strategic Communications personnel, Marketing personnel, Public Information Officer, o