https://www.cui.edu/aboutcui/social-media/contests
Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
SOCIAL MEDIA
Accounts
Contests
Guidelines
CONTACT US
Social Media Contests
New Concordia Golden Eagles Contest

Conditions of Entry: By entering New Concordia Golden Eagles Contest (the “Sweepstakes”) and accepting the terms herein, you agree to be bound by the following rule (“Rules”), which constitute a binding agreement between you, on one hand, and Concordia University Irvine (“Sponsor”), on the other. These Rules apply only to the Sweepstakes and not to any other sweepstakes or contest sponsored by Sponsor.

How to Enter: NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Sweepstakes begins (March 1, 2023, at 12 am) and ends on (September 5, 2023, at 11:59 pm) (“Period”). Share your Golden Eagle pride and post a photo or video of you and your new Golden Eagle sweatshirt on your public Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, or TikTok account tagging @ConcordiaIrvine.

Eligibility: This sweepstakes is open to deposited and admitted undergraduate students who are enrolled through the first two weeks of the fall 2023 semester at Concordia University Irvine. Sweepstakes requires a valid Golden Eagles email address, Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, TikTok, or other required social network for the Sweepstakes account in order to participate.

All photos and videos are subject to approval and may NOT contain:

Copyright materials with the exception of Concordia University Irvine logos.
Profanity or derogatory images
Obscenity, explicit material, nudity, profanity, graphic violence, calls or incitement to violence, content or images that could be considered abusive, inflammatory, denigrating, or disrespectful to groups, individuals, or institutions.
Judging Criteria: One person who posts a photo or video sharing their Golden Eagle sweatshirt tagging @ConcordiaIrvine, will be randomly selected.
Prizes: The prize will be an Apple iPad.
Drawing and Notification: At the end of the Sweepstakes Period, Sponsor or its designee, whose decisions will be final, will select the winner from all eligible entries received during the Sweepstakes Period. The potential Winner will be announced and/or contacted by (Reposted on our social media platforms as a repost of their picture & a direct message to their account). If the potential Winner cannot be contacted within five business days after the first attempt to contact him/her, if he/she fails to confirm the winning entry within the required time period, or if he/she is otherwise ineligible to receive the prize, an alternate entrant will be selected in his/her place from all remaining entries received. Such process will be repeated until all the Winner is found, and the prize is accepted. Decisions by the judges will be final.
General: This Sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws. This Sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with Apple, Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, TikTok, or any other social media networking site. You are providing your information to Concordia University Irvine and to Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, TikTok, or any other social media sites. By submitting your entry to Concordia University Irvine’s official Sweepstakes, you are giving Concordia University Irvine permission to use all submitted photos, posts, and videos for future promotional media. These rules may be subject to change.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

