https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/fitness-programming
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Fitness Programming Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Fitness Programming Minor
SCHOOL OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
FITNESS PROGRAMMING MINOR
18 Units
KIN 225: Principles of Weight Training and Cross Training
3

A theory to practice approach to strength training and aerobic cross training methods will be examined in this course as students learn how to test, design, and implement strength training and aerobic cross training programs for sport and fitness. Prerequisite: KIN majors and minors only; non-KIN majors and minors must have consent of department chair.


KIN 304: Motor Learning and Control
3

This course will give an overview of significant behavioral theories which influence and determine the learning and production of motor skills. Included will be learning theories and motor control theories as well as application of theory to motor performance.


Choose four of the following courses:
KIN 306: Nutritional Sciences
3

This course will explore issues pertinent to the study of health and nutrition for the active individual. This course will analyze concepts and controversies and will emphasize the importance of research and clinical studies in the current nutritional literature. Students will also examine and discuss key concepts concerning the role of nutrition in overall health and well-being for a healthy lifestyle.


KIN 307: Exercise and Gerontology
3

This course is will explore the latest evidence-based research on the effects of aging and will familiarize students with the physiological impacts of aging as it relates to the decline in physical development, cardiovascular and pulmonary functioning, and muscular strength and power. This course will also introduce the effects of declining motor skills as well as other physical-psychosocial relationships associated with aging.

KIN 320: Historical, Social, Cultural Foundations of Sport and P.E.
3

This course will present and discuss the philosophical, historical, and sociological constructs relevant to sport and physical education. Philosophy of sport will explore ways to understand sport involvement. History of sport will be explored from Ancient Greece to modern times. Sociology of sport will be explored regarding current challenges, relevant issues, and controversies in sport and physical education.


KIN 325: Exercise Testing and Prescription
3

This is a National Council of Strength and Fitness (NCSF) approved course for those who want advanced personal training certification. Topics will include functional anatomy; health and fitness screening and assessment; cardiovascular assessment and prescription; strength and power assessment and prescription; nutrition and weight management. Prerequisite: KIN 225 or consent of department chair.


KIN 330: Lifestyle Medicine and Wellness
3

This course will explore the research evidence for lifestyle effects on health and wellness including; nutrition, fluids, physical activity, stress, depression, happiness, sleep, pain management, and addiction; issues in health literacy; lifestyle effects on behavior change and motivation; and the role of lifestyle on chronic disease. Students will learn an alternative way of understanding health and health care compared to the typical pay-for-service or caring for the sick health care model.


KIN 344: Health and Wellness Programming
3

This course covers the design and implementation of worksite health promotion programs and the benefits these programs have for both employees and employers. Students will review various health risk appraisals and plan theory-based incentive programs designed to promote positive lifestyles. Opportunities for learning behavior change models and methods will be provided through wellness coaching sessions.

KIN 364: Exercise Psychology
3

This course will focus on the psychological understanding of exercise behavior through the examination of psychological, psycho-physiological, and social factors that influence physical activity participation and performance; how participating in physical activity and exercise affect psychological well-being; and the theoretical, methodological, and applied approaches to a variety of topics related to exercise psychology.


KIN 393: Practicum: Kinesiology
3

This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom directly related to the student's major, minor or professional program that is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience. Offered at a Pass/No Pass course.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

 
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

