https://www.cui.edu/parents-and-families/parent-and-family-connection-association-council
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Parents & Families

Connection Association 
Resources 
What to Expect
Gifts & Treats 
Fall Family Festival
Discounts & Benefits
Contact 
CUI Parent Connection Association Council
PARENTS & FAMILIES
CUI PCA Council

Are you interested in making an impact? Consider serving on the CUI Parent Connection Association Council! Members of the CUI PCA Council serve as ambassadors of Concordia University Irvine and support various administrative and financial needs of the University while encouraging other parents to do the same.

Responsibilities

CUI PCA Council members make significant contribution to the University by:

Remaining aware of current news and events of the University and staying informed by reading the CUI Magazine and Parent E-agle e-newsletters.
Providing feedback on the best way to communicate to parents through general outreach and solicitation initiatives.
Welcoming all first-year parents in the summer prior to their child’s start at the University with a welcome letter that provides key dates and direction to communications and other relevant resources.
Contacting parents of current CUI students every fall semester on behalf of the college to gain feedback on their child’s experience.
Giving annually to Concordia University at a level with which they are personally comfortable. Pacesetters is CUI’s leadership giving society beginning at $1,000.
Being an “on-call” resource for staff in the Office of Admissions to contact parents of prospective students and answer questions about and advocate for the University. Assist the University in recruiting “good fit” students (and parents).
Attending semi-annual CUI PCA Council meetings that coincide with Parents Day (Fall) and Commencement (Spring) to hear updates from the President and other college administrators along with future strategic direction of the University.
Providing introductions to those that may have an ability to directly impact the experiences of our students through internships, partnerships, and giving.
Actively participate on CUI Connect by being “willing to help” be a mentor, offer internships, review resumes, and engage other users as available.
Time Commitment
Prepare and participate in CUI PCA Council Meetings, which are held twice a year at Parents Day in the Fall and Graduation in the Spring. Total time: approximately 6 hours/year.
Actively serve on at least one committee. Total time: varies/ flexible with schedule.
Attend annual events such as Parents Day (September), Gala of Stars (April), and other activities hosted by CUI University Advancement. Total time: varies/ flexible with schedule.
Participate in personal donor contacts and volunteer recruiting. Total time: varies/flexible with schedule.
Members

The CUI PCA Council shall consist of between 5 and 21 members of the CUI Parent Connection Association with a current student who has attended CUI for at least one year. In addition, there shall be between 3 and 9 members of the CUI Parent Connection Association with a current first-year student.

APPLY TODAY

Tamara Sauer '02
Director of Alumni & Family Relations

(949) 214-3178
family@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

