rades.

Advice for Parents and Families

A care package would be great around this time. Discuss plans for winter break: vacation, job, classes.

‌
Winter Break

Students may return home and spend time with high school friends. They may be asking themselves, "To work or not to work?". Give them some time to readjust to being at home as they may have grown in many aspects since they left for college.

Advice for Parents and Families

Think about how the rules are going to change over break for your student and the whole family. If your student is contemplating transferring to another school, inquire his/her reasons, and offer possible strategies on how your student can connect with Concordia. Contact the Office of First-Year Experience regarding your student’s concerns so we can reach out to your student.

‌
January

Welcome back! Students review the past semester and make changes - maybe they get more involved on campus or join a group. A new semester schedule presents new challenges.

Advice for Parents and Families

This is a good time to review or revise budgets based on a semester’s worth of experience. Also, ask what changes might need to occur to ensure academic success. The house is empty again — it’s a roller coaster ride! You might feel some anxiety about your student’s grades.

‌
February

Students may begin thinking about spring break plans (including who is going to pay for it). Additionally, they are hopefully making time to study, and if they haven’t already, begin initiating plans for living arrangements next year.

Advice for Parents and Families

Inquire about taxes and the FAFSA, and if you haven’t already, discuss with your student the plans for living arrangements next year.

‌
March-April

Spring break comes and goes and students start looking forward to the summer, all during another set of midterms. Students will think about what classes they want and need to take next year, as they will be enrolling for summer and/or fall classes, and some may still be asking “What IS my major?” Your student may be deciding to transfer or withdraw from Concordia.

Advice for Parents and Families

With a year under your student’s belt, this is a good time to check in about any changes that should be made for their success academically. Encourage your student to take advantage of the Academic Advising Office and the Center for Career & Vocation to discuss majors that suit their interests.

If your student wishes to transfer, inquire about the reasons, and discuss possible solutions to see if there are specific strategies your student can use to succeed at Concordia. Is it primarily because your student is homesick? Has he/she put the effort into connecting with Concordia? Contact the Office of First-Year Experience regarding your student’s possible concerns so that the University can work with your student.

‌
May-July

Many students will miss their new college friends and some will return home to watch old high school friends graduate. Some may feel pressure to make money for next year. How are they going to stay in touch with friends? What needs to be packed up and brought home and what can be donated?

Advice for Parents and Families

If your student is returning home, discuss expectations regarding rules and responsibilities for the summer as well as expectations for earning money/saving for the upcoming year.

Congratulations to you and your student for a great first year!

‌
The 2nd Year

Students typically return to campus for their second year with a renewed sense of purpose and direction, a clearer understanding of what is expected of them, and enhanced time management and study capabilities. However, some second-year students become overconfident, and if they are not careful can find themselves in academic difficulty.

After your son/daughter's first year, encourage him/her to set and adhere to meaningful goals and objectives, to continue practicing effective time management and study skills, and to maintain contact with his/her academic advisor and professors as a way to work through conflicts and concerns before they get out of hand and become difficult to manage.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

