https://www.cui.edu/parents-and-families/parent-and-family-weekend
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Parents & Families

Connection Association 
Resources 
What to Expect
Gifts & Treats 
Fall Family Festival
Discounts & Benefits
Contact 
Fall Family Festival

OCT

27

PARENTS & FAMILIES

REGISTER HERE

Fall Family Festival
Friday, October 27 , 2023

Parents & Family members are invited to join us back on campus for a fun-filled evening with students! Fall Festival is an annual tradition where the campus revels in Fall on the Commons Lawn. Enjoy dinner in the Rodney Grimm Student Union (discounted rate for families!), free festive carnival games, treats, music, a photo booth, pumpkin spice everything, and more!

*Please note, classes will be held as normal on Friday, October 27th. We recommend you communicate with your student about their schedule to find the best time to connect with them around their class schedule.

Schedule of Events
Friday, October 27th
10:30AM - 11:00AM	

CHAPEL


11:00AM - 2:00PM	

Lunch in Rodney Grimm Student Union (purchase tickets in Student Union)


5:00PM	

Rodney Grimm Student Union opens for dinner. Parents and family members can pre-purchase meal tickets for $8 through registration link below. Students with a meal plan/ flex dollars do not need a pre-purchased ticket. link below. 


6:00PM - 8:30PM	

Concordia Fall Festival. Join the Concordia community for dinner, pumpkin carving, dancing, & more on the Rodney Grimm Student Union patio and Commons Lawn. This event is free and open to all Concordia students and their parents and families.

All times are in PST

Things to Do Around Campus
Golf at Strawberry Farms
Tanaka Farms Pumpkin Patch Field Trip
Shopping, Dining, and More at the Irvine Spectrum Center, South Coast Plaza, and Fashion Island
Orange County Great Park
Balboa Island
Davey's Locker Whale Watching in Newport Beach (email family@cui.edu for a 50% off discount code!)
Take a hike!
Go bowling!
Unleash the fun at Boomers Irvine
Special Hotel Rates

Concordia University Irvine is pleased to offer special rates in partnership with two local hotels: Hilton Garden Inn and Sonesta. Both hotels are close to Concordia and offer competitive rates and comfortable spaces.

Hilton Garden Inn Irvine
2381 Morse Ave
Irvine, CA 92614
Book Hotel 

Sonesta Hotel
17941 Von Karman
Irvine, CA 92614
*Use promo code CONC for special rates
Book Hotel 


Enjoy a Fall Concert
Saturday, October 28, 2023

7:00 pm Donne di Canto/Men's Chorus Fall Concert ($15 general admission)
Donne di Canto
Men's Chorus
Clarissa Shan, conductor

Concordia University's Donne di Canto and Men's Chorus inspire audiences at the annual Fall Choral concert, Concordia Christmas Concerts, Valentine's Concert, and Spring Choral Concert. Recent annual tours have included performances in Hawaii, Colorado, Arizona, Oregon, California, and Austria.

Parent Swag
GET YOUR BOTTLE
Parent & Family Eagle Newsletter
Stay up-to-date on the latest news and happenings at CUI

View our current Eagle Newsletter »

SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Parent's Name 
Student's Name 
Email Address 
SUBMIT
Have a question? Reach out to us!
family@cui.edu
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

