https://www.cui.edu/parents-and-families/discounts-and-benefits
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Parents & Families

Connection Association 
Resources 
What to Expect
Gifts & Treats 
Fall Family Festival
Discounts & Benefits
Contact 
Discounts & Benefits
PARENTS & FAMILIES
Discounts & Benefits
for Parents, Friends, Staff, Faculty & Alumni

This is a free membership with the purpose of encouraging prosperous relationships, participation in events, and engagement with Concordia University Irvine. As a member of the CUIAA, you get benefits!

Diploma Artworks
Save $20 on Your Diploma Frame Order!

Diploma Artworks is a premiere vendor for your diploma frame, offering a unique design with a hand-drawn image of the CU Center and custom mat and framing options. All frames are handmade in Costa Mesa, CA using matboards made of substrates that have been chemically treated to eliminate the acids and lignins that can degrade the matboard, the artwork, and your diploma.

Diploma Artworks has been in business since 1982 and prides themselves on customer service. They also offer a 30-day return policy and 100% satisfaction guarantee. They are also able to ship anywhere in the US.

Use code cualumni for $20 off your order, in store or online.

Orlando Vacation Discounts
Save Up To 35% On Your Orlando Vacation!

All members of our Eagle Family can access Orlando Employee Discounts, offering Exclusive Pricing on Hotels & Vacation Homes in or nearby Disney World and Universal Studios Orlando. As the Largest Wholesaler of Tickets for Disney World, Universal Studios Orlando, Sea World, and ALL Orlando Area Theme Parks and Attractions, you'll have more fun while saving big bucks!

GET DETAILS

Theme Parks, Movie Tickets, Shows, Shopping & More
Save money on entertainment, travel, shopping, and more!

Registration is easy:

1. Email: alumni@cui.edu to request Concordia’s “Working Advantage Member ID”

2. Go to www.workingadvantage.com and register with your information and Concordia University Irvine’s ID.

3. You’re in! Purchase discount tickets & items online or by phone at 1-800-565-3712 (Mon-Fri 9:00 am – 6:00 pm EST, Sat 9:00 am – 5:00 pm EST).

LEARN MORE

Travel Discounts You Can Use
Travel Discounts You Can Use

Exclusive discounts on major hotel chains and auto rentals! Book everything online or with a specific 800-number.

Want a discount card to access these benefits when away from a computer? Just email us at alumni@cui.edu to request it!

GET DISCOUNT

Local Deal: Davey's Locker Whale Watching
Local Deal: Davey's Locker Whale Watching

Have fun with friends & family whale watching in Newport Beach! Email us at alumni@cui.edu to get your code for 50% off!

Local Deal: Medieval Times
Local Deal: Medieval Times

Surrender to an age of bravery and honor and witness epic battles of steel and steed during the ALL-NEW SHOW. From ringside seats, discover a feast of the eyes and appetite with more action, more fun & more excitement than ever before. Experience a thrilling live jousting tournament and sword-to-sword combat! Plus marvel at awe-inspiring horsemanship and falconry, as you feast on a four-course banquet fit for royalty.

General Admission:
$61.95 Concordia University Irvine Price: $39.00 (adults)
$36.95 Concordia University Irvine Price: $30.00 (children 12 & under)

PURCHASE TICKETS

BMW Group: Corporate Sales Program
BMW Group: Corporate Sales Program

This special incentive delivers the ultimate for less.

Why blend in when you can stand out? BMW and MINI vehicles are designed to do just that. And with the BMW Group Corporate Sales Program, you can enjoy standing out from the crowd for less than you'd expect.
As a member of one of our valued organizations, enjoy a range of incentives when purchasing, leasing or financing a new BMW or MINI vehicle. This program is offered nationwide through your organization and is available to customers that lease or finance their new vehicle through BMW or MINI Financial Services. Customers can also utilize their own source of funding to purchase a new BMW or MINI vehicle.

LEARN MORE

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

