https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/forensics
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Forensics
Coaching Staff
Travel Schedule
Events Descriptions
Policies & Procedures
Contact 
Scholarship Application
FORENSICS (SPEECH & DEBATE)
Concordia University Irvine
 
EXPLORE 
Up to $8,000 Scholarships Available
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Our History of Excellence
Concordia University Irvine Forensics

Since its founding in 2007, Concordia’s forensics team has become the premier full-service forensics team in the western United States. Our full-service forensics squad consistently places in the top 10 rankings nationwide in speech and debate events. Our talented coaching staff ensures you will receive one-on-one attention while thriving among your peers. While we love winning trophies, we are most concerned with teaching our students to become wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens after graduation.

Concordia Hosts Largest Tournament in History of Forensics Program

Previous Living on Campus Slide

Next Living on Campus Slide

Forensics Scholarships

We offer scholarships for participation up to $8,000 annually based on need and merit. Fill out the application prior to the March 1st, 2021 deadline for priority consideration.

SCHOLARSHIP APPLICATION

What Students are Saying
I love the family element of the team. Having a group of smart, driven, and talented people to hang out with was incredible. I always felt like I had somewhere I belonged with the team.

Allison Bowman ’13

Previous
Next
Coaching Staff

Concordia University Irvine is exceedingly proud of the men and women who comprise the coaching staff. Each week, these men and women give countless hours to students. Here is a little bit more about them.

Konrad Hack
Director of Forensics

konrad.hack@cui.edu

Sean Nowlan
Director of Debate

sean.nowlan@cui.edu

Blake Longfellow
Director of Individual Events

blake.longfellow@cui.edu

Danielle Schum
Individual Events Coach

danielle.schum@cui.edu

VIEW FULL BIOS

Events Offered
After Dinner Speaking
Communication Analysis
Drama Interpretation
Dramatic Duo
Extemporaneous Speaking
Impromptu Speaking
International Public Debate
Informative Speaking
Lincoln Douglas Debate
National Parliamentary Debate
Persuasive Speaking
Poetry Interpretation
Program Oral Interpretation
Prose Interpretation
Our Individual Events Program

According to a growing body of research, public speaking and communication skills are essential for career success. Our individual events program teaches students to overcome their fears of public speaking, while honing competition and research skills that will last a lifetime. We have placed 1st over 156 times, advanced at national tournaments over 72 times, and advanced at tournaments over 1,716 times in the history of our program. For the past 3 years, our program has ranked in the top 10 individual events programs in the country.

Our Debate Program

The political landscape in the United States changes quickly. Our debate program empowers students to stay informed and up-to-date on the current political climate with critical thinking skills and award-winning research techniques. Concordia University Irvine Debate holds two national sweepstakes championships from the National Parliamentary Debate Association, and the National Round Robin 2018 Top Speaker title. Our program is the only team in the country to place students in the top 8 nationwide five years in a row.

LEARN MORE

National Titles Held
2nd Place

2023 National Christian College Forensics Invitational (NCCFI) Championship

 
2nd Place

2022 National Christian College Forensics Invitational (NCCFI) Championship

 
1st Place

2021 National Christian College Forensics Invitational (NCCFI) Championship
Read Story »

 
1st Place

2019 Pacific Southwest Collegiate Forensics Spring Championships

 
3rd Place

2019 Pacific Southwest Collegiate Forensics Spring Championships
Read Story »

 
3rd Place

2021 National Forensics Association (NFA) Championship
Read Story »

 
7th Place

2019 National Forensics Association

 
3rd Place

2023 National Parliamentary Debate Association (NPDA) Sweepstakes

 
2nd Place

2019 National Parliamentary Debate Association (NPDA) Sweepstakes
Read Story »

 
2nd Place

2017 NPDA Sweepstakes

 
2nd Place

2016 NPDA Championship
Read Story »

 
1st Place

2015 NPDA Sweepstakes Championship
Read Story »

 
2nd Place

2014 NPDA Sweepstakes
Read Story »

 
1st Place

2013 NPDA Sweepstakes Championship
Read Story »

 
6th Place

2019 National Speech Championship

 
4th Place

2017 National Speech Championship

 
1st Place

2018 National Round Robin Top Speaker
Read Story »

 
9th Place

2017 American Forensics Association National Individual Events Tournament

Where Are They Now?

Concordia University Irvine Forensics offers students a rigorous and competitive speech and debate program that teaches them top tier research and public speaking skills. These skills prepare them for law school, graduate school, professorships, and professional employment at prestigious universities and top-rated businesses across the country, as seen in the sampling of examples below.

Alumni Attending Law School
Baylor University School of Law
Duke University School of Law
Notre Dame University School of Law
The Antonin Scalia School of Law at George Mason University
University of California Los Angeles School of Law
University of San Francisco of Law
Alumni Attending Graduate School
Arizona State University
Baylor University College of Medicine
CSU-Fullerton
Louisville University
New York University
Pepperdine University School of Business
University of California Irvine
University of Chicago
University of San Francisco
University of Texas at Austin
Wayne State University
Alumni at Work
10th Circuit United States Court of Appeals
Attorney Advisor to the Special IG for Pandemic Recovery, U.S. Department of the Treasury
Deputy Associate Counsel to the President, The White House
Director of Debate, Lewis and Clark College
Director of Debate, Grand Canyon University
Director of Forensics, Schreiner University
Executive Director, Club Parli
Law Clerk, Pearce Lewis, LLP
Logistics, Development & Policy Analysis, Daylight Transportation
Petty Officer, United States Navy
Policy Analyst, America First Policy Institute
Policy Analyst, Cafe Con Leche Republicans
President and Founder, The Helmsmen Institute
Professor, Moorpark College
Professor, Glendale Community College
Research Policy Intern, Niskanen Center
Senior Analyst, Cadmus Group
Senior Legislative Assistant, U.S. House of Representatives
Special Assistant U.S. Attorney, U.S. Department of Justice
Quantitative Analyst, RAND Corporation
Research Analyst, Santa Barbara Asset Management
Research Assistant: Islamist Watch, Middle East Forum
Alumni Success
First-Gen Performance
Concordia University Irvine Forensics Hits High Standards
Stopping Traffic
READ MORE STORIES
Get in Touch

Our Forensics team is like a close-knit family on campus, and we'd love for you to join it. Please contact our Director of Forensics for more information.

Konrad Hack
Director of Forensics
konrad.hack@cui.edu


Tell us what clubs you're interested in, and our ASCUI Club Commissioner will connect you with the right people.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Comments
Club(s) / Organization(s) 
SEND NOW
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

