https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/bursar/payment-methods
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Bursar

Tuition, Fees & Payments 
Refunds/Title IV
Bursar Holds
Study Abroad/Exchange
Credit Card Policy
1098-T
Related Links
Pay Online
Payment Methods
OFFICE OF THE BURSAR

PAY YOUR TUITION ONLINE

Payment Methods
MyRecords

You may view your University charges and credits online at MyRecords. After you log in, from the Main Menu select "My Student Bill" to view and pay your account.

Payments

Payments can be mailed, made in person, or online.

Pay in Person

Location: North Grimm Hall Bldg., 1st Floor
View office hours »

Bursar's Office Drop Box

Location: North Grimm Hall Bldg., 1st Floor, Bursar/Registrar entrance.
Check, Cashier's Check, or Money Order payments only. Do not put cash, Registrar or Financial Aid documents in the drop box.

Pay by Mail

You may mail in a check, money order, or cashier's check. All payments should be made payable to Concordia University. Please add your student ID number in the memo area of your payment.

Concordia University/Bursar's Office
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, California 92612-3203

Payments Made by Your Employer or Other Sponsor

If your bill is being paid by your employer or an outside agency that requires University billing, please provide documentation indicating the address and authorized amount to be billed. Email this documentation to bursar@cui.edu by your tuition due date.

If your sponsor is paying CUI directly for tuition, you must complete and mail a Tuition Assistance Form (please contact bursar@cui.edu to request the form). If your sponsor is not paying all of your charges, you are responsible for payment of the difference by the due date. If payment is not received for your share of the charges by the due date, a late penalty will be assessed.

CUI Book Vouchers

Book vouchers allow students to charge their student account for the cost of their Campus Bookstore purchases. Only students with expected excess financial aid, usually from loan monies, may be eligible for a book voucher. Vouchers can be requested at least three weeks prior to the start of class by emailing bursar@cui.edu.

Student Payroll Deduction for Work Study and RA Pay (Not College Corp.)

If you choose to have your Work Study or RA pay funds pay directly to your student account, you must complete the Student Employee Tuition Payment Agreement included on your "Student Employee Handbook" for this designation to take place. This form must be filled out every academic year.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

