https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/bursar/loans
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Bursar

Tuition, Fees & Payments 
Refunds/Title IV
Bursar Holds
Study Abroad/Exchange
Credit Card Policy
1098-T
Related Links
Pay Online
Loans
OFFICE OF THE BURSAR
Loan Programs

Federal student loans are available to most students regardless of income and provide a range of repayment options. A loan is money that you must repay with interest under varying terms and conditions. While it is important to be cautious of irresponsible borrowing, loans are considered an integral part of a student's Financial Aid package. Please carefully review the different types of loans available below and consider each one as a viable option for financing a college education.

Federal Direct Stafford

Summary: This federal loan program for students is offered to eligible students upon completion of the FAFSA. For eligibility, loan limits, terms, and current rates/fees, click here.

New Students to Concordia must:

Complete a Direct Loan Entrance Counseling
Complete the MPN (Loan Agreement)

Information for all students:

Complete a Direct Loan Exit Counseling
Manage your loans
Federal Direct PLUS (Parent Loan for Undergraduate Students)

Summary: This federal loan program is for parents of dependent undergraduate students. For eligibility, loan limits, terms, and current rates/fees, click here.

**Federal legislation also permits graduate students to borrow through the PLUS Loan program. It's called a Graduate PLUS loan and has different eligibility requirements, terms, and interest rates.

Learn more about how to manage your loans.

How Do I Apply for a Loan?
Complete the Direct PLUS Loan Application. Parents MUST sign in using their own FSA ID (Parent PLUS only)
Sign the MPN/Loan Agreement.
What if I'm not approved?

If you were initially declined for the PLUS loan you can either obtain an endorser (cosigner) or choose to appeal the reason you were declined.

Appeal

Select "Apply for Aid", then "Appeal Credit Decision" once logged into https://studentaid.gov/. You will receive an answer regarding your appeal within 7-10 business days of all required documentation for the appeal being received.

Endorser

If you elect to use an endorser, you must start by having the endorser get their own FSA IS. Once the endorser's FSA ID is active, they will log into the Studentaid.gov site and select "Apply for Aid", then "Endorse a PLUS Loan." The endorser must pass a credit check. If approved, they will be asked to note how much they are willing to endorse. The PLUS loan amount cannot exceed what the endorser is willing to guarantee. Finally, the parent borrower signs the Federal Direct PLUS a Loan Agreement (MPN). The endorser does not sign the Loan Agreement/MPN.

If no action is taken (Parent PLUS loans only)

Parent PLUS loans that remain in declined status will trigger the Financial Aid Office to offer the student an additional unsubsidized Stafford loan. Freshmen and sophomores (0-59.9 units) are eligible for up to $4,000.00. Juniors and seniors (60+ units) are eligible for up to $5,000.00.

Private | Alternative Loan

Summary: Bank-funded education loan for undergraduate and graduate students. Generally used to supplement the Federal Direct Stafford loan.

Rate: Varies from lender to lender. Adjustable and Fixed programs are available.
Fees: Depends upon the specific lender and loan program.
Term: Typically between 5-15 years.
Loan Limits: Cost of Attendance less all other aid the student receives.
Helps: Fixed vs. Variable. Which is right for you?
How to shop for a Private | Alternative loan – An Overview
Private loan consolidation
Lender List
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

