https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/bursar/refunds-title-iv
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Bursar

Tuition, Fees & Payments 
Refunds/Title IV
Bursar Holds
Study Abroad/Exchange
Credit Card Policy
1098-T
Related Links
Pay Online
Withdrawals and Refunds / Title IV
OFFICE OF THE BURSAR
Procedure

Refunds are processed weekly. (Updated: 09/20/23)

Refunds of private loans, federal and state aid are automatically processed on Fridays. Refund checks will not be available for pick up. Refunds will only be mailed or direct deposit (see below). Please make sure your address is up to date in MyRecords.

No Exceptions will be made.

Overpayments

If you’ve paid more than your charges for tuition, fees and room and board (if living on campus) you may be entitled to a refund. Refunds should be requested from your eagles.cui.edu email address to bursar@cui.edu.

Refund of Federal Title IV Funds

Federal Title IV financial aid (Federal Student and Parent Loans, Federal Pell Grants and Federal SEO Grants) will be applied to all your allowable charges (tuition, fees, room and board) for the current semester.

The application of these funds will supersede all University payment plans and contracts. Federal law states that any funds over and above allowable charges for the current semester must be refunded to the student within 14 days after disbursement.

Financial Aid Recipients:
Your refund check will be processed within 14 days of your credit being reflected on your account.
Bursar's Office Budgetary Agreement Form
Do not fill this form out if you want the credit on your account refunded to you.
If you wish for Concordia to retain your credit for the current academic year (summer to spring), please complete the Bursar's Office Budgetary Agreement Form
For Security: This form must be emailed from your @eagles.cui.edu email address or dropped off in person to the Bursar's Office (must present a valid photo ID). DO NOT FAX OR MAIL THE FORM AS IT WILL NOT BE PROCESSED.
Refund Amount Information
Please login to MyRecords (Banner Web).
From the Main Menu, select Student Bill and select the current term.
Refund checks cannot be requested until all funds are received and posted to your account.
Direct Deposit

Concordia offers Direct Deposit for students to receive their Financial Aid and Tuition refunds.  Direct Deposit eliminates the chance that your check will get lost, misdirected, or misplaced once you receive it. You will not need to physically visit a bank to make a deposit. There are no fees from Concordia for using Direct Deposit. Signing up is EASY! Enroll TODAY.

Direct Deposit will transfer funds directly to the student's personal bank account.  Concordia will use the student's bank information throughout the duration of enrollment.  No need to resubmit.

Click here to complete the direct deposit form.

Please contact bursar@cui.edu for all refund inquiries.

Title IV Refund Policy

The Federal Title IV refunds policy operates independently of the Concordia University refund policy. A student who has received Title IV funds and withdraws may owe the University for charges no longer covered by returned federal aid. There are federal provisions governing the return of federal financial assistance for financial aid recipients who completely withdraw from school in any semester. The policy governs all Federal loans and grant programs, including Federal Direct Unsubsidized Stafford Loans, Federal Direct Subsidized Stafford Loans, PLUS Loans, Federal Pell Grant, Federal SEOG, and other Title IV programs except Federal Work-Study.

Per federal guideline standards, a student must "earn" federal financial aid awards directly in proportion to the number of days of the term attended. In other words, a student earns financial assistance as they attend class. If a student completely withdraws from all classes during a term, the University must calculate the portion of the total scheduled financial assistance earned. The portion of federal loans and grants the student is entitled to earn is calculated on a percentage basis by comparing the total number of calendar days in the semester to the number of days completed before total withdrawal. The total withdrawal date for calculating the Return of Title IV financial assistance will be determined by the University as the date the student officially withdraws per the institutional procedures.

It is the student's responsibility to immediately notify the Registrar's Office that they are withdrawing. The Office of the Registrar is located on the 1st floor of the Grimm Hall Building. They may be reached at 949-214-3079.

Questions about the Title IV refund amounts should be directed to your financial aid office at finaid@cui.edu or by calling 949-214-3066.

Title IV Federal Funds: Tuition, Fees, Room and Board

Tuition and Fees: Through Title IV, the University takes the responsibility on behalf of the st