https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/bursar/bursar-holds
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Bursar

Tuition, Fees & Payments 
Refunds/Title IV
Bursar Holds
Study Abroad/Exchange
Credit Card Policy
1098-T
Related Links
Pay Online
Bursar Holds
OFFICE OF THE BURSAR
Bursar Holds
Holds on Current Students

Students with current open balances with the University are subject to a Bursar Hold on their account. They will not be permitted to register in any school or college of the University. Holds are released when payment is received. Nonpayment does not constitute withdrawal from classes. The student must notify the Registrar's Office, in writing, when he/she wishes to withdraw.

Payment Plans

Students enrolled in any payment plan are subject to a Bursar Hold until the semester balance is paid in full. Students are strongly encouraged to check on their hold status through My Records before their registration appointment to avoid block registration.

Holds on Unpaid Balances and Registration

A student who is past due in any debt to the University will have a financial hold on their account. They are not permitted to register in any school or college of the University. Holds are released when payment is received. Nonpayment does not constitute withdrawal from classes. The student must notify the Registrar's Office, in writing, when he/she wishes to withdraw.

Withdrawal from Concordia University Irvine with an Outstanding Balance

Upon withdrawal from Concordia University Irvine, whether official or unofficial, outstanding account balances will be transferred to the Bursar for further collection. Payment arrangements may be made by contacting the Bursar's Office at (949) 214-3075. Failure to make such arrangements may necessitate further collection efforts. Students will be responsible for all attorney's fees, collection agency fees, court costs, and any other fees incurred by Concordia University in efforts to collect on this amount.

Effect of Bursar Holds

A Bursar Hold precludes students from receiving University services including:

Registration
Drop/Add
Grades
Post Degree
Diploma
Graduation

No diploma will be issued for a student who has an outstanding student account balance. The diploma will be released when the account has been paid in full.

Release of Financial Holds

Holds will be automatically released when a full payment of the current balance has been credited to the account with guaranteed funds (cash, check, credit card, money order, certified check, or cashier's check). If paying on a past semester balance, please email bursar@cui.edu to expedite the release of your bursar hold.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

