https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/bursar/credit-card-policy
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Bursar

Tuition, Fees & Payments 
Refunds/Title IV
Bursar Holds
Study Abroad/Exchange
Credit Card Policy
1098-T
Related Links
Pay Online
Credit Card Policy
OFFICE OF THE BURSAR

Effective July 1, 2016, Concordia University will no longer be accepting credit/debit cards as a form of payment for any student account related charges, including tuition, fees, and housing, food plans if applicable.

The University conducted a thorough analysis of the cost which will be incurred if credit/debit card payments continue to be accepted. Concordia University determined that the acceptance of credit/debit cards as a form of payment for student account related charges should be eliminated to ensure that continuing cost increases do not impact funding available for University programs that benefit our students.

Students have a number of payment options, including electronic checks, cash, check by mail, wire transfer, payment plans, and international fund transfers. Students who previously used credit/debit card payments for long-term financing of educational costs are encouraged to work with the Bursar’s Office staff to determine if more cost-effective financing options are available.

As this important policy change goes into effect, The Bursar’s office staff is available to assist you. Students are encouraged to work with our staff if they need assistance with education financing related questions.

Frequently Asked Questions
‌
1. Why did CUI transition away from credit card payments for student account expenses such as tuition, room, meal, and fees?

The rising cost of credit card processing fees significantly impacts our operational budget. This impacts the university’s ability to provide student services and programs.

‌
2. When does this change take effect?

July 1, 2016. Until then, the university will continue to accept payments via credit/debit card.

‌
3. Why doesn’t CUI negotiate a better deal with the credit card companies?

The university has already negotiated the best possible deal with the credit card companies.

‌
4. What does CUI plan to do with the money saved by not accepting credit card payments?

These funds will protect the university’s ability to provide student services and programs.

‌
5. What payment options do I have now?

The University accepts checks, cash, money order, wire transfer, and payment plans. CUI offers interest-free payment plans. For detailed information please go to www.cui.edu/paymentplans.

‌
6. Am I able to use credit/debit card checks to pay tuition?

Yes, so long as the check has printed on it a routing number and an account number, but be aware that such checks are considered cash advances and come with steep interest rates. Please contact your credit/debit card company for details.

‌
7. Can I use my credit/debit cards to pay for fall charges on my student account before July 1, 2016?

Yes, student account balances may be paid by credit/debit card until July 1, 2016.

‌
8. Are credit/debit cards still accepted in retail areas on campus, such as the University Bookstore and Computer Store?

Yes.

‌
9. Can I still use my credit/debit card to order transcripts?

Yes.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

