https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/freshman-advantage-nursing-pathway
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway
Get Started
FRESHMAN ADVANTAGE NURSING PATHWAY
School of Health and Human Sciences
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

Concordia University Irvine’s Nursing Program has one of the best reputations in the state of California and now offers a unique admissions pathway for incoming first-year students. When completed successfully, the Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway guarantees early acceptance to the Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN) program.

You will earn two bachelor’s degrees in as little as five years on this pathway. Unlike other Bachelor of Nursing programs, our program structure emphasizes core scientific studies and principles, followed by a highly-focused and rigorous second degree in nursing (ABSN).

Concordia nurses enter healthcare with advanced knowledge and experience that sets them apart. By pursuing this path, you’ll begin your nursing career with a firm scientific foundation and nursing specialization that will establish you as an emerging leader and highly-skilled clinician.

The Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway is not a degree program; it’s designed to equip and assist undergraduate students of any major in earning early acceptance into the ABSN program. To enter the Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway, you’ll submit a declaration of intent to your academic advisor during your first semester (Fall or Spring) of enrollment at Concordia.

Guaranteed ABSN Admission

Earn your spot without the added stress and uncertainty of applying to school again.

Healthcare Experience

Enter the ABSN program with 100+ hours of healthcare experience.

Faculty Mentorship

Get insightful advice and guidance from our experienced faculty.

Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway Requirements

Nursing is a challenging, rewarding calling, and completing this pathway requires determination and commitment. If you meet all academic and personal requirements through the entire progression of your undergraduate degree, you’ll earn a spot in one of the most highly regarded nursing programs in California.

Any deviation from these requirements will result in removal from the Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway program. If you decide not to continue or no longer meet the requirements in the program, you can still continue your major and apply for the ABSN program, if desired, upon graduation.

Requirements
Maintain a minimum cumulative Grade Point Average (GPA) of 3.25 overall for all coursework. You must meet this benchmark by the end of your freshman year and at the end of every subsequent semester thereafter.
You must complete all prerequisite classes for the ABSN program with a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0.
You must earn a “B-” or higher in each science prerequisite course. You must earn a “C” or higher in all other prerequisite courses.
You may repeat only two of the four science prerequisite courses once if necessary.
Your completion of the prerequisite courses for the ABSN program must meet the following guidelines:
All science prerequisite classes must be completed at Concordia University Irvine.
All non-science prerequisite classes that are not transferred at the time of admission must be completed at Concordia University Irvine.
You must be continuously enrolled as a full-time student at Concordia University Irvine.
You must complete a minimum of 100 hours of qualifying patient care experiences prior to completing your undergraduate studies. Some examples are Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA), COPE Health Scholar, Emergency Medical Technician (EMT), Medical Assistant (back office), Medical Missions, Home Health Aide, Physical Therapy (PT) Aide.
You must complete three interviews with the Nursing admissions committee before beginning the ABSN program. During these interviews, you will be evaluated and must meet the “Average/Meets Standards” benchmark of the ABSN Interview Rubric.

For this program, “Freshman” is defined as an incoming student who has completed less than 30 semester units at the time of undergraduate admission. These units may include: ANT 210, BIO 111, CHE 101, COM 211, COM 261, MTH 265, PSY 101, SOC 101, WRT 102.

Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway Prerequisite Courses

Concordia’s nursing prerequisites are designed to prepare you for your nursing degree while also providing space and opportunity to explore other interests and pursuits as you complete your education. You don’t need to major in Biology, Psychology, or Kinesiology to complete the ABSN prerequisite courses. However, those majors include all prerequisite coursework and will provide a strong foundation for your nursing studies.   

SCIENCE PREREQUISITE COURSES
16 Units
BIO 246: Human Anatomy and Physiology I
4

First of a