ore beginning the ABSN program. During these interviews, you will be evaluated and must meet the “Average/Meets Standards” benchmark of the ABSN Interview Rubric.

For this program, “Freshman” is defined as an incoming student who has completed less than 30 semester units at the time of undergraduate admission. These units may include: ANT 210, BIO 111, CHE 101, COM 211, COM 261, MTH 265, PSY 101, SOC 101, WRT 102.

Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway Prerequisite Courses

Concordia’s nursing prerequisites are designed to prepare you for your nursing degree while also providing space and opportunity to explore other interests and pursuits as you complete your education. You don’t need to major in Biology, Psychology, or Kinesiology to complete the ABSN prerequisite courses. However, those majors include all prerequisite coursework and will provide a strong foundation for your nursing studies.   

SCIENCE PREREQUISITE COURSES
16 Units
BIO 246: Human Anatomy and Physiology I
4

First of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology. Topics include the structure and function of cells, tissues, and the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 247: Human Anatomy and Physiology II
4

Second of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology.  Topics include the endocrine, cardiovascular, lymphatic/immune, respiratory, digestive, urinary, and reproductive systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintain homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.   Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in BIO 111 and BIO 246 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (spring semester).

BIO 351: General Microbiology
4

This course will introduce the morphology, physiology, and ecological and medical importance of microorganisms (focusing on viruses, bacteria, molds, and yeasts), with a strong focus on the molecular basis of physiological processes. Laboratory sessions will emphasize the culture, physiology, and identification of the major groups of microbes. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

CHE 221: Chemistry I
4

A systematic exploration of fundamental chemical principles including matter, energy, electromagnetic radiation, atomic structure, periodicity, stoichiometry, chemical bonding, and structure will be examined in this course, including the introduction to the scientific method and epistemology in the context of the interface between the Christian faith and the chemical sciences. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 101, or a passing score on the Chemistry Placement Exam, or consent of department chair.


A Community of Advising and Mentorship

Concordia nursing faculty are experts in their field and have dedicated their lives to advanced nursing studies and leadership. Their mission is to uphold the Great Commission of Jesus Christ to share the Gospel and care for all of God’s people through nursing research and education.

As part of the Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway, you’ll attend community meetings with other Pathway students, Academic Advisors, and with faculty and staff from the Nursing Program throughout your undergraduate journey. This is a unique opportunity to receive one-on-one guidance from Academic Advisors along with access to experienced nurses across a wide range of specializations (pediatrics, oncology, surgery, labor and delivery, hospice, emergency, and general practice).

Cheryl Smythe-Padgham, DNP, RN, WHNP-BC
Assistant Dean & Director of Nursing

Dr. Smythe-Padgham began her career as a labor and delivery nurse over 25 years ago. She attained a Masters of Science in Nursing and Women’s Health Nurse Practitioner license in 1992 and worked in both private and community care settings in Orange and Los Angeles counties practicing primarily in underserved communities in order to serve the needs of women, mothers and babies. In 2009, she began her career in academia as a Concordia nursing faculty member and now proudly serves as the Assistant Dean and Director of Nursing in the C