athway students, Academic Advisors, and with faculty and staff from the Nursing Program throughout your undergraduate journey. This is a unique opportunity to receive one-on-one guidance from Academic Advisors along with access to experienced nurses across a wide range of specializations (pediatrics, oncology, surgery, labor and delivery, hospice, emergency, and general practice).

Cheryl Smythe-Padgham, DNP, RN, WHNP-BC
Assistant Dean & Director of Nursing

Dr. Smythe-Padgham began her career as a labor and delivery nurse over 25 years ago. She attained a Masters of Science in Nursing and Women’s Health Nurse Practitioner license in 1992 and worked in both private and community care settings in Orange and Los Angeles counties practicing primarily in underserved communities in order to serve the needs of women, mothers and babies. In 2009, she began her career in academia as a Concordia nursing faculty member and now proudly serves as the Assistant Dean and Director of Nursing in the Concordia Department of Nursing.

Jennifer Dahl, EdD, RN, RNC-OB
Assistant Director & Assistant Professor of Nursing

Jennifer Dahl began teaching at Concordia University Irvine in 2014 and currently serves as the Assistant Director of Nursing. She began her nursing career an oncology nurse until she transitioned to the maternal-newborn population where she spent over 20 years as a labor and delivery nurse. Professor Dahl has a love of the nursing profession and strives to educate students to be compassionate and holistic nurses who serve the population.

   
The nursing professors at Concordia mentored and shaped me into the nurse I am today. They taught me how to be a caring and compassionate bedside nurse.

Hera Kissoyan, ABSN '16
Clinical Nurse

Healthcare Experience

Healthcare experience is vital for all students interested in a nursing career. As part of the Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway, you will need to complete at least 100 hours of work in a healthcare setting.

Many of our nursing students have volunteered or worked as nursing assistants, COPE Health Scholars, EMTs, medical assistants, home health aides, and physical therapy aides. We also encourage participating in medical mission trips to uphold the Great Commission of Jesus Christ to share the Gospel and care for all of God’s people.

Healthcare Volunteer Resources

Orange County offers numerous opportunities to gain healthcare experience. These resources will help you find the right fit for your interests and level of experience. The Concordia Student Nursing Association will also provide a supportive community as you pursue this pathway.

Learning How to Care
What Makes a Concordia Nurse?

Caring, compassion, competency–those are the essential qualities that define Concordia nurses. When a Concordia nurse enters a patient’s room, they bring a sense of peace, confidence, and hope. Our nurses understand the holistic nature of healthcare and minister to the mind, body, and spirit of their patients.

A Concordia nurse is trained in the latest healthcare research and technologies, clinical skills, and professional strategies. They are equally comfortable and accomplished in handling resource management and conducting research as they are in providing patient care.

When you become a Concordia nurse, you join a fellowship of healthcare professionals who fulfill their calling to serve with grace, intelligence, and tenacity.

PHILOSOPHY AND MISSION

Explore Related Programs
Pre-Nursing Minor
ABSN Program
B.A. Biology
B.S. Kinesiology
B.A. Psychology
Begin Your Nursing Journey at Concordia

APPLY NOW

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

