https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/freshman-advantage-nursing-pathway
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway
Get Started
FRESHMAN ADVANTAGE NURSING PATHWAY
School of Health and Human Sciences
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

Concordia University Irvine’s Nursing Program has one of the best reputations in the state of California and now offers a unique admissions pathway for incoming first-year students. When completed successfully, the Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway guarantees early acceptance to the Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN) program.

You will earn two bachelor’s degrees in as little as five years on this pathway. Unlike other Bachelor of Nursing programs, our program structure emphasizes core scientific studies and principles, followed by a highly-focused and rigorous second degree in nursing (ABSN).

Concordia nurses enter healthcare with advanced knowledge and experience that sets them apart. By pursuing this path, you’ll begin your nursing career with a firm scientific foundation and nursing specialization that will establish you as an emerging leader and highly-skilled clinician.

The Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway is not a degree program; it’s designed to equip and assist undergraduate students of any major in earning early acceptance into the ABSN program. To enter the Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway, you’ll submit a declaration of intent to your academic advisor during your first semester (Fall or Spring) of enrollment at Concordia.

Guaranteed ABSN Admission

Earn your spot without the added stress and uncertainty of applying to school again.

Healthcare Experience

Enter the ABSN program with 100+ hours of healthcare experience.

Faculty Mentorship

Get insightful advice and guidance from our experienced faculty.

Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway Requirements

Nursing is a challenging, rewarding calling, and completing this pathway requires determination and commitment. If you meet all academic and personal requirements through the entire progression of your undergraduate degree, you’ll earn a spot in one of the most highly regarded nursing programs in California.

Any deviation from these requirements will result in removal from the Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway program. If you decide not to continue or no longer meet the requirements in the program, you can still continue your major and apply for the ABSN program, if desired, upon graduation.

Requirements
Maintain a minimum cumulative Grade Point Average (GPA) of 3.25 overall for all coursework. You must meet this benchmark by the end of your freshman year and at the end of every subsequent semester thereafter.
You must complete all prerequisite classes for the ABSN program with a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0.
You must earn a “B-” or higher in each science prerequisite course. You must earn a “C” or higher in all other prerequisite courses.
You may repeat only two of the four science prerequisite courses once if necessary.
Your completion of the prerequisite courses for the ABSN program must meet the following guidelines:
All science prerequisite classes must be completed at Concordia University Irvine.
All non-science prerequisite classes that are not transferred at the time of admission must be completed at Concordia University Irvine.
You must be continuously enrolled as a full-time student at Concordia University Irvine.
You must complete a minimum of 100 hours of qualifying patient care experiences prior to completing your undergraduate studies. Some examples are Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA), COPE Health Scholar, Emergency Medical Technician (EMT), Medical Assistant (back office), Medical Missions, Home Health Aide, Physical Therapy (PT) Aide.
You must complete three interviews with the Nursing admissions committee before beginning the ABSN program. During these interviews, you will be evaluated and must meet the “Average/Meets Standards” benchmark of the ABSN Interview Rubric.

For this program, “Freshman” is defined as an incoming student who has completed less than 30 semester units at the time of undergraduate admission. These units may include: ANT 210, BIO 111, CHE 101, COM 211, COM 261, MTH 265, PSY 101, SOC 101, WRT 102.

Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway Prerequisite Courses

Concordia’s nursing prerequisites are designed to prepare you for your nursing degree while also providing space and opportunity to explore other interests and pursuits as you complete your education. You don’t need to major in Biology, Psychology, or Kinesiology to complete the ABSN prerequisite courses. However, those majors include all prerequisite coursework and will provide a strong foundation for your nursing studies.   

SCIENCE PREREQUISITE COURSES
16 Units
BIO 246: Human Anatomy and Physiology I
4

First of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology. Topics include the structure and function of cells, tissues, and the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 247: Human Anatomy and Physiology II
4

Second of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology.  Topics include the endocrine, cardiovascular, lymphatic/immune, respiratory, digestive, urinary, and reproductive systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintain homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.   Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in BIO 111 and BIO 246 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (spring semester).

BIO 351: General Microbiology
4

This course will introduce the morphology, physiology, and ecological and medical importance of microorganisms (focusing on viruses, bacteria, molds, and yeasts), with a strong focus on the molecular basis of physiological processes. Laboratory sessions will emphasize the culture, physiology, and identification of the major groups of microbes. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).

CHE 221: Chemistry I
4

A systematic exploration of fundamental chemical principles including matter, energy, electromagnetic radiation, atomic structure, periodicity, stoichiometry, chemical bonding, and structure will be examined in this course, including the introduction to the scientific method and epistemology in the context of the interface between the Christian faith and the chemical sciences. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 101, or a passing score on the Chemistry Placement Exam, or consent of department chair.


A Community of Advising and Mentorship

Concordia nursing faculty are experts in their field and have dedicated their lives to advanced nursing studies and leadership. Their mission is to uphold the Great Commission of Jesus Christ to share the Gospel and care for all of God’s people through nursing research and education.

As part of the Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway, you’ll attend community meetings with other Pathway students, Academic Advisors, and with faculty and staff from the Nursing Program throughout your undergraduate journey. This is a unique opportunity to receive one-on-one guidance from Academic Advisors along with access to experienced nurses across a wide range of specializations (pediatrics, oncology, surgery, labor and delivery, hospice, emergency, and general practice).

Cheryl Smythe-Padgham, DNP, RN, WHNP-BC
Assistant Dean & Director of Nursing

Dr. Smythe-Padgham began her career as a labor and delivery nurse over 25 years ago. She attained a Masters of Science in Nursing and Women’s Health Nurse Practitioner license in 1992 and worked in both private and community care settings in Orange and Los Angeles counties practicing primarily in underserved communities in order to serve the needs of women, mothers and babies. In 2009, she began her career in academia as a Concordia nursing faculty member and now proudly serves as the Assistant Dean and Director of Nursing in the Concordia Department of Nursing.

Jennifer Dahl, EdD, RN, RNC-OB
Assistant Director & Assistant Professor of Nursing

Jennifer Dahl began teaching at Concordia University Irvine in 2014 and currently serves as the Assistant Director of Nursing. She began her nursing career an oncology nurse until she transitioned to the maternal-newborn population where she spent over 20 years as a labor and delivery nurse. Professor Dahl has a love of the nursing profession and strives to educate students to be compassionate and holistic nurses who serve the population.

   
The nursing professors at Concordia mentored and shaped me into the nurse I am today. They taught me how to be a caring and compassionate bedside nurse.

Hera Kissoyan, ABSN '16
Clinical Nurse

Healthcare Experience

Healthcare experience is vital for all students interested in a nursing career. As part of the Freshman Advantage Nursing Pathway, you will need to complete at least 100 hours of work in a healthcare setting.

Many of our nursing students have volunteered or worked as nursing assistants, COPE Health Scholars, EMTs, medical assistants, home health aides, and physical therapy aides. We also encourage participating in medical mission trips to uphold the Great Commission of Jesus Christ to share the Gospel and care for all of God’s people.

Healthcare Volunteer Resources

Orange County offers numerous opportunities to gain healthcare experience. These resources will help you find the right fit for your interests and level of experience. The Concordia Student Nursing Association will also provide a supportive community as you pursue this pathway.

Learning How to Care
What Makes a Concordia Nurse?

Caring, compassion, competency–those are the essential qualities that define Concordia nurses. When a Concordia nurse enters a patient’s room, they bring a sense of peace, confidence, and hope. Our nurses understand the holistic nature of healthcare and minister to the mind, body, and spirit of their patients.

A Concordia nurse is trained in the latest healthcare research and technologies, clinical skills, and professional strategies. They are equally comfortable and accomplished in handling resource management and conducting research as they are in providing patient care.

When you become a Concordia nurse, you join a fellowship of healthcare professionals who fulfill their calling to serve with grace, intelligence, and tenacity.

PHILOSOPHY AND MISSION

Explore Related Programs
Pre-Nursing Minor
ABSN Program
B.A. Biology
B.S. Kinesiology
B.A. Psychology
Begin Your Nursing Journey at Concordia

APPLY NOW

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

