https://www.cui.edu/AcademicPrograms/Undergraduate/majors/international-studies
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
International Studies Major
Global Cultural Studies Minor
Get Started
International Studies Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

Concordia University Irvine no longer offers the International Studies undergraduate major. If you have an interest in International Studies, we encourage you to explore the History & Political Thought Major, International Business Major, or the Missiology Minor. We also offer a unique study abroad program called Around-the-World Semester® with a Global Cultural Studies Minor.

Around-the-World Semester®

Concordia University Irvine offers an innovative study-abroad program called Around-the-World Semester®. In this distinctive program, a small group of college students travel the world together with full-time faculty as they complete five courses devoted to cultural study, service-learning, and travel writing. They come home with a minor in Global Cultural Studies and a new perspective on what it means to be a citizen of the world.

The Around-the-World Semester® is wonderful and it’s an awesome opportunity to prepare yourself for working internationally, and not only in one country, but getting yourself used to cultures all around the world.

– Ellie Hanson '13

Around-the-World Semester®
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

