https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/advising/meet-the-advisors
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Academic Advising

Meet the Advisors
Students 
Academic Resources 
My Degree Works
Meet the Advisors
ACADEMIC ADVISING
Welcome to the Academic Advising Office

We are now located on the first floor of the new library.

Students are welcome to see an advisor in person or virtually using the Advising QR Code. The Advising QR code will be available both in person at our office and below, M-F, 8:30-4:00pm, offices are closed for chapel and lunch. The QR Code is designed to help contribute to the efforts to keep our students and staff safe and help with contact tracing, but also to help us identify “walk-in” students. Students are welcome to schedule appointments with their advisor using the advisor individual links below.

ADVISING QR CODE

Academic Advisors
Laura Courvoisier

Position: Associate Dean of Student Development
Majors: Undeclared, Theology, and Theological Studies
Contact Me: 949-214-3061 | laura.courvoisier@cui.edu 

Temporary advisor to Communication Studies & English

I graduated from Concordia University Irvine with a B.A. in Christian Education Leadership in 2007. I am a Commissioned Minister of Religion in the Lutheran Church Missouri Synod as a Director of Christian Education. In 2019, I received my Master's in Organizational Leadership from the Townsend Institute at Concordia University Irvine. My career journey began in faith development with junior high, high school, and young adult students, which evolved into a holistic approach to student development in higher education. Since 2014, I have worked at Concordia in student leadership, career development, and teaching INT 100 (Freshmen Foundations) and INT 105 (Leadership Development). I am passionate about serving and developing students to discover their calling and persist toward graduation.

MAKE AN APPOINTMENT

Brianna Garza-Farin

Position: Assistant Director of Student Success
Majors: Double Majors, Behavioral Science, Psychology, Art, and Graphic Design
Contact Me: 949-214-3060 | brianna.garza-farin@cui.edu

Temporary advisor to Liberal Studies

Hey Guys! My name is Brianna, but everyone calls me Bri! I am a puzzle-loving Marvel watcher with a knack for charcuterie board-making. I graduated from Concordia University Irvine in 2016 with a B.A. in Psychology. In 2019, I received my Master's in Organizational Leadership from the Townsend Institute at Concordia University Irvine. This was to help guide me as I worked with student leaders after being one myself since junior high. I worked with first-year students for three years here at Concordia and have worked in the Academic Advising office since 2020 to help undergraduate students navigate their educational journey. I feel blessed to play a part in creating wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens. Please feel free to stop by for help or just to chat!

MAKE AN APPOINTMENT

Joie Annunziato

Position: Academic Advisor & Transfer Success Coach
Majors: Biology, Biochemistry, Chemistry, Computer Science, Engineering, Math
Contact Me: 949-214-3040 | joie.annunziato@cui.edu

Temporary advisor to Math/Biology secondary & Liberal Arts

Hello! My name is Joie (pronounced like “Joey”), and I am so excited to join the Concordia community! I am an alumna of UC Irvine and have my B.A. in Psychology and Social Behavior. I am passionate about helping students achieve their goals and succeed in their higher education journey.
A little about me: I love personality tests and all things psychology (I am an Enneagram Type 1 and Myers--Briggs ESTJ). In my free time, I love going on walks, hammocking, listening to podcasts, and spending time with my family and friends.
What I’d love to know about you: your personality type, favorite coffee shop, favorite show to binge-watch, favorite resource on campus, and how I can better support you!

Deuteronomy 31:8 The Lord himself goes before you and will be with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged.

MAKE AN APPOINTMENT

Sarah Hess

Position: Academic Advisor
Majors: Music, Healthcare Management, Kinesiology, and Secondary Education (Music & Kinesiology), Theatre
Contact Me: 949-214-3037 | sarah.hess@cui.edu

I am so excited to be your Academic Advisor! I love to read, go on walks and hikes, do arts and crafts, and spend time with my people. I graduated from Cal Poly San Luis Obispo in 2022 with my B.A. in Political Science, concentrating in American Politics and minoring in Psychology. I’ve been lucky to work with students for several years in all different capacities. I worked in Fraternity and Sorority Life as an Education and Leadership Consultant, and have transitioned to work more closely with academics.

I am passionate about creating a joyful and comfortable education space for students from all backgrounds to grow and thrive! My favorite part ab