 himself goes before you and will be with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged.

MAKE AN APPOINTMENT

Sarah Hess

Position: Academic Advisor
Majors: Music, Healthcare Management, Kinesiology, and Secondary Education (Music & Kinesiology), Theatre
Contact Me: 949-214-3037 | sarah.hess@cui.edu

I am so excited to be your Academic Advisor! I love to read, go on walks and hikes, do arts and crafts, and spend time with my people. I graduated from Cal Poly San Luis Obispo in 2022 with my B.A. in Political Science, concentrating in American Politics and minoring in Psychology. I’ve been lucky to work with students for several years in all different capacities. I worked in Fraternity and Sorority Life as an Education and Leadership Consultant, and have transitioned to work more closely with academics.

I am passionate about creating a joyful and comfortable education space for students from all backgrounds to grow and thrive! My favorite part about working in higher ed is witnessing students uncover their passions and pursue who they’re called to be. Come by to chat- I’d love to hear your book and podcast recommendations! I can’t wait to meet you!

MAKE AN APPOINTMENT

Steve Dierker

Position: Academic Advisor
Majors: Business Administration, Economics
Contact Me: 949-214-3036 | steve.dierker@cui.edu

Temporary advisor to Sports Business

I was born and raised in the city of Orange and graduated from Cal Poly, Pomona, with a B.S. in Business Administration, a major in Marketing, and an emphasis in Professional Selling. Being an outside salesman allowed me time to volunteer at my church in their youth ministry department, and after about 5 years, I enrolled at Concordia University, Irvine, and received my certification in the Director of Christian Education program. My call took me to St. John's Lutheran Church in Napa, California, as the Minister to Youth and Children. After 12 years, I returned to school, received my M.A. in School Counseling from Chapman University, and worked in the public school system with K-12 grades. I am very excited to be back in Orange County, serving my Lord by helping students navigate their educational journey!

MAKE AN APPOINTMENT

Maya Gomez

Position: Academic Advisor
Majors: Communication Studies, English, History and Political Thought, Liberal Arts, Liberal Studies, Secondary Education (Math, English, History, Theatre, Art, Biology, Chemistry), Sports Business
Contact Me: 949-214-3063 | maya.gomez@cui.edu

Hi all! My name is Maya and I am excited to be your academic advisor during your time here at Concordia University Irvine. A little bit about me, I was born and raised in Orange County, California and I enjoy spending time at the beach or cooking for friends and family. Any recipe or restaurant recommendations are always appreciated! I attended college at Loyola University Chicago and graduated with a B.S. in Human Services minoring in Psychology and Art History. In college I served as a student leader and continued into higher education because of my undergraduate experience. I am grateful for this opportunity to build relationships and play a small role in helping you discover your gifts, passions, and calling! Please come by if you need some help or just want to talk to someone familiar on campus.

MAKE AN APPOINTMENT

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

