https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/advising/frequently-asked-questions
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Academic Advising

Meet the Advisors
Students 
Academic Resources 
My Degree Works
Frequently Asked Questions
ACADEMIC ADVISING
‌
How many units should I take?
16 units each semester x 8 semesters (4 years) = 128 units (2019-2020 and before)
15 units each semester x 8 semesters (4 years) = 120 units (2020-2021)
Depending on your major/minor/program and catalog year, you may be required to take more than 15 units per semester.
‌
When can I enroll in classes for the next term?

See the Academic Calendar for registration dates. You enroll in classes based on your class status. Seniors enroll on the first day; then juniors the next, and so forth. Please check MyRecords for your class status.

‌
What do I do if I have a HOLD?

HOLDS are posted on MyRecords prior to registration and will prevent you from registering. Check with the following departments if you have a HOLD:

Bursar / Student Accounts: Grimm Hall, 1st floor (Edgar Lopez)
Registrar's Office: Grimm Hall, 1st floor
Wellness Center: Grimm Student Union, lower level
Student Conduct: Administration, 3rd floor
Campus Safety: Administration 103
‌
How many units do I need to be a full-time student?

Full-time students must enroll in at least 12 units.

‌
What if I want to be a part-time student?

Speak with an Academic Advisor if you wish to attend part-time.

‌
What is "Overload"?

Overload is a course load of more than 18 units. You must complete an “Application for Overload” and have a 3.0 GPA. Additional fees may apply. Please see an Academic Advisor for an Application for Overload or the Bursar/Student Accounts for details.

‌
What are electives?

Electives are courses that do not pertain to your major or to General Education requirements, but help you complete graduation requirements such as earning 120 or 128 units or 33 upper division units.

‌
How do I choose electives?
Ask yourself:
Which courses will help me achieve my academic/career goals?
What classes will help me prepare for my career and/or graduate school?
Which courses do I find interesting?
Who are my favorite instructors?
Check for prerequisites
‌
May I take courses at another institution while I'm attending CUI?

Yes, you may take courses elsewhere, but you cannot earn more than 21 semester units each term. Please see an advisor for policies regarding transfer units.

‌
What is a "W" (Withdrawal)?

If you drop a course after the last day to drop without record of enrollment, you will receive a "W" on your transcript. This will not affect your GPA. Refer to the Academic Calendar for "Drop" dates.

‌
How do I change my major or minor?

Please inform an Academic Advisor if you wish to change your major, minor, and/or program, and complete the "Change of Major" form. See an Academic Advisor for a Change of Major form.

‌
What is Academic Probation?

If your GPA is lower than 2.0, you are placed on Academic Probation and limited to 12 units for the following semester. Students who are on Academic Probation for two consecutive semesters and whose cumulative GPA is less than a 2.0 will be academically dismissed.

‌
What do I do if a class is closed?
Look for open sections of the same course
Choose other General Ed/major courses
Check MyRecords DAILY to see if a seat becomes available
Attend the first class session. Speak to the professor (an Add/Drop form is required with the instructor's signature)
‌
What is a prerequisite?

A prerequisite is a requirement you must meet before taking a specific course. Prerequisites are listed in the course descriptions in the back of the catalog.

‌
How do I know if a course will transfer?

If you wish to take a course to meet a General Education requirement, please ask an Academic Advisor to verify the course will transfer. A Department Chair must approve courses taken for your major or minor using a “Substitution Form”. See an Academic Advisor for a Substitution Form.

Students may utilize cui.edu/articulation to identify courses already approved for transfer at California Community Colleges.

‌
What is a substitution form?

Substitution forms are used to approve a course from another college/university to meet a requirement course at CUI.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

