https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/advising/my-degree-works
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Academic Advising

Meet the Advisors
Students 
Academic Resources 
My Degree Works
My Degree Works
ACADEMIC ADVISING
What is My Degree Works?

My Degree Works is an online advising tool available to all Concordia University Irvine students. My Degree Works allows students to view and track your progress towards degree completion, including the number of units completed, transferred as well as current enrollment, GPA, Academic Standing, personalized Graduation Plan and more. Students are encouraged to utilize each functionality of My Degree Works in partnership with your Academic Advisor.

Accessing My Degree Works

Students may access My Degree Works in My Records:

Log onto My Records through MyCUI
Select My Classes
Select My Student Records
Select My Degree Works

Please note, only students following a catalog year of 2014-2015 or later will be able to utilize My Degree Works. If you are following a catalog year of 2013-14 or prior, you will use the “Degree Evaluation” tool also found under My Student Records.

Understanding Your Degree Requirements

Each student’s graduation plan (Grad Plan tab) in My Degree Works is created as an individualized plan according to the student’s academic program, transferred units and timeline for completion to ensure all degree requirements and institutional policies are satisfied. Select the Grad Plan tab at the top of the Degree Audit to find your latest Grad Plan.

Viewing Your Grad Plan

Students are able to view their Grad Plan using three different modes; Notes Mode, Calendar Mode and Audit Mode. To select an alternate viewing mode, select the Grad Plan tab, select the pull down menu under “View” at the right hand side of the screen, and select from Notes Mode, Calendar Mode, Audit Mode. To view prior Grad Plans, select View Plan List at the top right of the screen.

Notes Mode - The Notes mode will automatically populate when a student selects the Grad Plan tab. Students are able to view the Grad Plan semester by semester, execute a course query, view all notes included on individual courses, terms or at the top of the Grad Plan, view total number of units required in each semester and view minimum grades required by the department. Students may Print to PDF using the Print button at the bottom right of the screen.

Calendar Mode - The Calendar mode allows students to view course requirements by semester organized in academic calendar years. In Calendar mode, students are able to execute a course query, view all notes on the Grad Plan by clicking on the notepad icon and view the total number of units required in each semester. Students may Print to PDF using the Print button at the bottom right of the screen.

Audit Mode - The Audit mode allows students to compare the degree requirements from their Degree Audit with their Grad Plan. In Audit mode, students are able to execute a course query, view all notes on the Grad Plan by clicking on the notepad icon and view the total number of units required in each semester. Students may Print to PDF using the Print button at the bottom right of the screen. The Audit mode should be used primarily when working with an Academic Advisor.

Additional My Degree Works Tools

Class History - Select Class History from the Degree Audit tab (near the top of the webpage) to find an unofficial transcript of all coursework completed, enrolled and transferred into Concordia.

Course Query - Select a class from the “Still Needed” field on the Degree Audit tab to find the course title, course description, pre-requisites (if applicable), and course offerings from the Master Course Schedule (section, CRN, seats open and meetings times).

GPA Calculator - Select the GPA Calc tab (near the top of the webpage) to find three different ways to calculate a future GPA.

Look Ahead - Select the Look Ahead tab (on the left side of the Degree Audit tab) to identify where a course you may be interested in taking will apply to your degree requirements. Enter the course subject and number, select Add Course, then select Process New. This will plug the entered course into your degree requirements.

Notes - Notes may be entered at the bottom of your Degree Audit and in several places on your Grad Plan by Deans, Faculty and Academic Advisors. Be sure to check them regularly.

Save as PDF - Select the Save as PDF button at the top of the Degree Audit tab to print to PDF save the Degree Audit to your desktop.

What If - Select the What If tab (on the left side of the Degree Audit tab) to apply your current academic record (courses completed, enrolled in and transferred) to a different catalog year, major, emphasis, dual major, minor, etc. It is recommended that you discuss any changes to your academic record with your Academic Advisor.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

