https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/global-cultural-studies
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Global Cultural Studies Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Global Cultural Studies Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

 

Curriculum

Students wishing to take the Global Cultural Studies minor must apply for, be fully accepted, and be planning to participate in the Around-the-World (ATW) semester.

GLOBAL CULTURAL STUDIES MINOR
18 Units
ENG 386: Postmodern Novel
3

This survey course will look at the transition from Modern to Postmodern literature in South Korea, Armenia, and Greece as well as postcolonial theory from Ethiopia, Ghana, and Bolivia, including readings, lectures, discussions, and assessments on postcolonial theory, postmodernism, literary technique, the role of religion, and the question of personal and national identity.


ENG 392: Epic Literature
3

This course will study the literary and sacred masterpieces from the countries visited during the Around-the-World semester and examine these texts in light of their historical context, literary technique, the role of religion, and the question of personal and national identity.


GCS 201: Global Cultural Studies
1

This course is a debriefing seminar for students who participated in the Around-the-World Semester experience. The class will enable the students to synthesize the various components of the semester abroad and make meaning from the experience. Debriefing the semester abroad will enable students and program leadership to look to the future, engage in collaborative reflection, and make assessments after thoughtful deliberation.

GCS 202: Understanding Other Cultures Anthropologically
1

Students will study theories of cross-cultural adaptation, acclimation, and assimilation in this course. Occurring before their departure for the study-abroad country, students will be better prepared to make the transition to their new home and develop an awareness of others and self, and become more effective observers of internal (intra-personal) changes, and external (inter-personal) discovery.

GCS 203: Cross-Cultural Communication Awareness
1

The globalization of organizations, public and private, and their multicultural make-up requires today's citizens to have a solid cross-cultural competence, involving an understanding of ones own culture and communication preferences, identifying others' preferences, and having a flexible behavioral repertoire to bridge cultural differences.

GCS 301: Foundations of Language
4

This course will provide specific applications for learning a new foreign language and understanding English structure and usage, including sound system, word formation, grammar, syntax, expression of meaning, variation, etymology, and/or change. Cultural and artistic uses of languages; and comparison of oral and written aspects of language will also be covered.

GCS 399: Service Learning Practicum
2

This course is meant to bring the practical service experience to students as they take responsibility for a variety of service projects that will challenge them, not only as they prepare ahead of time for outreach, but also as they adapt to sharing messages of love and forgiveness.

WRT 330: Travel Writing
3

This intense, creative, nonfiction writing course will combine with ethnographic research, blogging, and backpack journalism as students write about thirty-five (35) pages of essays, profiles, literary journalism, and reviews that will be published weekly on a blog together with photos and video content. Assignments will require students to observe and engage with people in various countries where they are volunteering and studying.


Contact

For more information about the Global Cultural Studies minor or the Around-the-World Semester, contact Prof. John Norton at john.norton@cui.edu or 949-214-3317.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

