https://www.cui.edu/campus-safety/get-started
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Campus Safety

About
Get Started
Vehicle Information
In Case of Emergency
Resources
Related Links
Get Started
CAMPUS SAFETY
Welcome to Concordia University Irvine!

Whether you are beginning your journey at Concordia or are looking to replace or renew an ID Card or Parking Decal, please use the below links to access our online forms. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us by email at campussafety@cui.edu.

Concordia ID Cards

You will be asked to log in with your Concordia email. Concordia ID cards are required for a meal plan, library check-out, use of the computer lab, key assist in case of a lockout, and mailroom pick-up. As a member of the Concordia Community, a variety of services are available to you as long as you can prove your student or employee status. Students, faculty, and staff are required to carry a valid Concordia ID at all times while on campus.

APPLY FOR AN ID CARD

*You will be asked to log in with your Concordia email.

Register a Vehicle

Please make sure to complete the form in full. All applicants must apply for or possess a Concordia ID in order to receive a parking decal. 

The operation of any vehicle on the Concordia University Irvine campus is a privilege granted by the University. Students, Faculty, and Staff will need to register their vehicle with the Department of Campus Safety in order to park on campus. Applicants must possess a valid driver’s license and current vehicle registration. Persons receiving a parking decal agree to abide by Concordia's Parking and Vehicle Regulations (www.cui.edu/parking).

REGISTER YOUR VEHICLE

*You will be asked to log in with your Concordia email.

Register a Bicycle or Surfboard

Students, faculty, and staff who will be bringing or keeping bikes or surfboards on campus are required to register with the Department of Campus Safety. Bikes and boards not displaying a Concordia registration decal may be subject to removal if the University believes that it has been abandoned. The City of Irvine also requires that all bicycles are registered with the Irvine Police Department. You can register your bike with Irvine Police.

REGISTER YOUR BICYCLE OR SURFBOARD

*You will be asked to log in with your Concordia email.

Emergency Alerts and Information

In the event of a campus emergency, the Department of Campus Safety uses Titan HST to send out alerts to the campus community. Students, faculty, and staff, can also download the Titan HST app to discretely send security or safety alerts to the Campus Safety department via their smartphone. To download the app, please look for Titan HST in the Google Play or Apple App stores. To access your Concordia Titan HST account, choose the “Login with Google” option and enter your Concordia email address.

For information about Titan HST, please go to titanhst.com.

For more information on the emergency response on campus, please see our Emergency Quick Plan.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

