ire Lanes and Red Zones (CVC 22500.1).\
Sidewalks, roadways, or other pathways
Neighboring residential communities
Lawns or other landscaped areas

3.4: Control of University Roads and Parking Lots

Concordia reserves the right to close any campus parking area or roadway for purposes including but not limited to maintenance, construction, safety, and special events.  Vehicle operators are expected to obey permanently posted or temporary signs and not park/drive in a barricaded or closed-off area.  Vehicles found in violation are subject to being cited and/or impounded at the owner’s expense. 

3.5: Trailers, Oversized Vehicles, and Recreational Vehicles
The university does not permit trailers, oversized vehicles, or recreational vehicles (RV) to be parked or stored on campus property without authorization from the Department of Campus Safety or University Administration.  An oversized vehicle is a vehicle that is too wide or too long to fit within a standard-sized parking space.  A recreational vehicle is a vehicle that is outfitted with sleeping quarters.  Trailers, oversized vehicles, and RVs are not permitted student parking decals and are not allowed overnight parking without authorization from the Department of Campus Safety or University Administration.

3.6: Motorcycles, Mopeds, and Gas-powered Scooters

Parking permits are required for all motorcycles, mopeds, and gas-powered scooters to park on campus. Special decals are available at the Campus Safety Office to students and employees who register their vehicle. Motorcycles, mopeds, and other gas-powered scooters are only to be driven on roadways and shall not be driven on pedestrian walkways or landscaped areas.

3.7: Extended-Period Parking and Vehicle Storage

Vehicles that do not belong to persons residing on campus may not be left parked on campus for more than three weeks without authorization from Campus Safety. Non-resident students, staff, or faculty are not permitted to store vehicles on campus during the academic year or during summer break without prior written approval from the Department of Campus Safety.  Persons permitted to store a vehicle on campus must:

Possess and properly display a current university parking pass or decal for the duration of the storage period.
Provide the Department of Campus Safety with their contact information and the contact information of someone authorized to relocate their vehicle.
Leave the car in the parking area designated by the Department of Campus Safety.

Vehicles stored on campus without authorization or not meeting the above requirements risk citation and/or removal at the owner’s expense.

3.8: Inoperable and Abandoned Vehicles

Inoperable vehicles may not be stored on campus without prior approval from the Department of Campus Safety.  Vehicles that are inoperable or are not properly registered with the DMV will be treated as abandoned after a period of three weeks from their date of discovery.  Vehicles left on university property for more than 72 hours without a valid university pass or decal and/or approval to park will be treated as an abandoned vehicle.  Campus Safety personnel will attempt to contact owners of inoperable or abandoned vehicles.  If Campus Safety is unable to make contact with the vehicle owner, the vehicle may be removed at the owner’s expense.

Section 4: Rules of the Road

4.1: Driving on Campus

All California Vehicle Code sections regarding moving violations are applicable on Concordia property and will be enforced by the Department of Campus Safety.  All persons operating a vehicle on campus are expected to observe the following rules of the road:

No vehicle operator shall disobey any control sign or roadway marking while on Concordia campus.
No driver of any vehicle shall fail to stop for a posted stop sign or barrier arm.
No person shall operate a vehicle exceeding the posted speed limit on Concordia campus.  In no case shall any vehicle be driven at a speed that is not safe for conditions of traffic, weather, and roadway conditions.
Driving on a sidewalk or landscaped area of the university is not permitted. No person shall drive any vehicle on Concordia property in a manner demonstrating a willful or wanton disregard for the safety of any person(s) or property [as defined in CVC section 23103(b)]. Persons driving in a reckless and unsafe manner risk losing their driving privileges on campus.
No vehicle operator shall race a vehicle or cause the tires to break traction with the roadway surface (burnout) while on university property.
Vehicle operators shall obey any order, signal, or direction of any police officer or Campus Safety personnel.
No vehicle operator shall operate or permit the operation of a radio or music player on campus that can be heard 50 feet or more outside the vehicle. Usage of public announcement (PA) systems in vehicles is not permitted on campus without authorization.
No vehicle operator shall drive on the wrong side of the roadway or ente