pped placard or license plate may park in handicapped stalls. Official placards or license plates are issued by the Department of Motor Vehicles.  University-issued Temporary Accessible Parking Permits may not be used in handicapped stalls (see Section 7 for Temporary Accessible Parking Permits).

3.2: Prohibited Parking Areas

Any vehicle parked in the following areas risk citation and/or tow at the owner’s expense:

In an unauthorized area on, in front of, or blocking sidewalks, loading zones, pedestrian crosswalks, evacuation routes, evacuation assembly areas, landscaped areas, or building entrance/exit ways.
In any way that obstructs visibility of a traffic sign or device.
Within 15 feet of a fire hydrant.
Blocking traffic within an intersection or roadway or blocking parked vehicles.
At painted curbs and lines which are indications of restricted parking.  The following colors have been established:
Red zone – indicates NO parking or stopping, whether the vehicle is attended or not, unless otherwise posted. 
Blue space – indicates parking for vehicles with DMV-issued disabled placards or license plates only.
Yellow line or space – indicates loading zone for vehicles operators who are actively loading and unloading.  These spaces have a time limit of fifteen to twenty minutes.
For any length of time exceeding the authorized time limit so marked in the parking area.
In individually reserved spaces/parking slots, except by the person authorized to use the parking slot (i.e. Resident Faculty/Staff, Resident Director, President, etc.).
Anywhere other than a clearly marked parking space between two painted lines (double-parked).
In the District Office parking lot located in front of the Pacific Southwest District Office (PSWD). This lot is for PSWD staff, their visitors, and authorized personnel only.  Parking is enforced 24 hours per day, 7 days per week.  Unauthorized vehicles will be cited and may be impounded at the owner’s expense.
Along the neighboring residential roadways (Ascension, Silent Night, Trinity, Faith, Joy, Charity, Hope, and Daystar).  Those roadways are on private property and are not controlled by the University. 
Curbside facing the opposite direction of travel.

3.3: Temporary Accessible Parking

Persons with temporary disabilities who need accessible parking accommodations can apply for a Temporary Accessible Parking Permit.  The applicant must be a student, faculty, or staff member of the university and have registered their vehicle with the Department of Campus Safety.  The Temporary Accessible Parking Application is available at the Campus Safety Office in Suite 103 of the Administration Building.  A licensed physician will need to provide justification for accessible parking privileges and sign the Temporary Accessible Parking Application. The clinician submitting the documentation must not be a family member or relative of the applicant.  The Temporary Accessible Parking Application is to be turned in to the receptionist in Administration Building Suite 103. 

The application will be reviewed by the Department of Campus Safety, the Disability and Learning Resource Center, and/or the Wellness Center. Upon receipt of the application, the applicant may be issued a Temporary Accessible Parking Permit, valid for 21 days to obtain a Disabled Person Parking Placard from the Department of Motor Vehicles. After 21 days, the applicant must present a Disabled Persons Parking Placard to continue to use accessible parking privileges. It is illegal for a person to provide false information, falsify a doctor’s signature, possess or display a counterfeit or altered DMV-issued placard, or allow someone to use a placard when the person with the disability is not in the vehicle.

Persons who have been approved for accessible parking must understand that the Temporary Accessible Parking Permit does not allow parking in the following areas:

Disabled Person Parking stalls designated in blue stall markings (CVC 22507.8)
Fire Lanes and Red Zones (CVC 22500.1).\
Sidewalks, roadways, or other pathways
Neighboring residential communities
Lawns or other landscaped areas

3.4: Control of University Roads and Parking Lots

Concordia reserves the right to close any campus parking area or roadway for purposes including but not limited to maintenance, construction, safety, and special events.  Vehicle operators are expected to obey permanently posted or temporary signs and not park/drive in a barricaded or closed-off area.  Vehicles found in violation are subject to being cited and/or impounded at the owner’s expense. 

3.5: Trailers, Oversized Vehicles, and Recreational Vehicles
The university does not permit trailers, oversized vehicles, or recreational vehicles (RV) to be parked or stored on campus property without authorization from the Department of Campus Safety or University Administration.  An oversized vehicle is a vehicle that is too wide or too long to fit within a standard-sized parking space.  A rec