https://www.cui.edu/campus-safety/vehicle-parking-regulations
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Campus Safety

About
Get Started
Vehicle Information
In Case of Emergency
Resources
Related Links
Vehicle and Parking Regulations
CAMPUS SAFETY
Vehicle and Parking Regulations
Section 1: General Information

1.1: Purpose

The purpose of Concordia University Irvine’s Vehicle Regulations is to (1) facilitate safe and orderly vehicular movement on roadways and parking lots, (2) maximize parking efficiency for university business, (3) ensure equitable parking for students, employees, and visitors, and (4) promote safety on pedestrian pathways.

1.2: Operation and Possession of Vehicles on Campus

The operation and possession of any vehicle on the Concordia University Irvine (CUI) campus is a privilege granted by the university.  The privilege to operate or park a vehicle on university property may be suspended by the university to preserve the safety of the campus community.  Vehicle operators are responsible to know, understand, and comply with Concordia's Vehicle Regulations. 

All individuals who operate a vehicle on the Concordia campus agree to:

Possess a current and valid driver license.
Keep the vehicle currently registered and insured in accordance with California law.
Abide by the California vehicle code and by the regulations of Concordia.
Pay all fines and fees resulting from violations of these regulations.

Unless stated otherwise by the university’s Vehicle Regulations, all provisions of the California Vehicle Code are applicable on the Concordia campus.  These provisions include, but are not limited to, observation of posted speed limits, traffic signs, and other traffic control devices; proper usage of seat belts; usage of cell phone or handheld devices while operating a vehicle; driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs; and yielding to pedestrians and cyclists.

1.3: Liability

Concordia does not assume responsibility for theft, loss of property, or damage to vehicles on Concordia property.

1.4: Authority to Tow

Concordia is considered private property, and The Department of Campus Safety may relocate or remove from campus any vehicle that is deemed abandoned, disabled or lacking major parts, or in violation of university parking policies as authorized by California Vehicle Code 22658(a). Concordia is not liable or responsible for towing charges or damages that may result from when a vehicle is towed from Concordia property. The vehicle owner is responsible for all towing charges incurred.

Section 2: Vehicle Registration and Parking Passes/Decals

2.1: Parking Pass and Decal Requirements

Vehicle operators must obtain a parking pass or decal and place it in a visible location on the windshield or dash.  All student, faculty, and staff vehicles must be registered with the Department of Campus Safety.  Employee and student applicants must provide a current copy of their driver license and vehicle registration in order to obtain a decal.  If a decal is damaged or destroyed, a replacement must be obtained for a nominal fee.  The fee may be waived for extenuating circumstances including, but not limited to, the loss of a decal due to theft or vehicle damage.  Registration of a vehicle and possession of a parking pass or decal does not guarantee the registrant a parking space or any particular parking space in any particular lot on campus.

Possession of an altered, forged, stolen, or unregistered permit will result in a $250.00 fine in addition to any other university sanctions.  Persons not affiliated with the university are not permitted to possess a Faculty/Staff, Resident, or Commuter Decal without the approval of the Department of Campus Safety.

The University may suspend issuing visitor passes during large events or for extenuating circumstances. During those times, the Department of Campus Safety will not cite visitors that do not possess a visitor pass.

2.2: Proper Display of Parking Decal

Student and Faculty/Staff Decals must be properly displayed by removing the backing of the decal and affixing the adhesive side to the lower left side of the windshield. Decals may not be affixed to the windshield with tape or by any other method. Decals may not be transferred to another vehicle without first registering the vehicle with The Department of Campus Safety.

2.3: Student Parking Decal

All student vehicles are required to be registered on campus.  Students must be registered for courses and possess a current student ID card in order to obtain a Resident or Commuter Student Decal. Resident students will only be permitted to register and keep one vehicle on campus at a time. 

2.4: Faculty and Staff Parking Decal

Members of the University’s faculty or staff must obtain a Faculty/Staff Decal to park in designated faculty/staff spaces.  All persons applying for a Faculty/Staff Decal must be cleared through HR as an em