ditions of traffic, weather, and roadway conditions.
Driving on a sidewalk or landscaped area of the university is not permitted. No person shall drive any vehicle on Concordia property in a manner demonstrating a willful or wanton disregard for the safety of any person(s) or property [as defined in CVC section 23103(b)]. Persons driving in a reckless and unsafe manner risk losing their driving privileges on campus.
No vehicle operator shall race a vehicle or cause the tires to break traction with the roadway surface (burnout) while on university property.
Vehicle operators shall obey any order, signal, or direction of any police officer or Campus Safety personnel.
No vehicle operator shall operate or permit the operation of a radio or music player on campus that can be heard 50 feet or more outside the vehicle. Usage of public announcement (PA) systems in vehicles is not permitted on campus without authorization.
No vehicle operator shall drive on the wrong side of the roadway or enter the campus through the wrong side of the gatehouse.
No vehicle operator shall overcome another moving vehicle traveling in the same direction by passing in an opposing lane. Drivers are permitted to pass utility/golf carts, bicycles, or vehicles that are stopped when there are no vehicles in the opposing lane but must provide at least three feet of space between them and the cart or bicycle.
No vehicle operators shall overcome another vehicle or cart traveling in the same direction at intersections, blind spots, or at other unsafe locations.
Motorcycle, moped, and gas-powered scooter operators must wear a helmet at all times while driving on campus.
No vehicle operator shall carry cargo or equip a vehicle in a manner that is unsafe and/or out of compliance with state safety regulations and the California Vehicle Code.
Vehicle operators must yield the right of way to any emergency vehicle displaying flashing emergency lights.
Driving while under the influence of an alcoholic beverage and/or any drug will result in automatic revocation of driving privileges on campus.

Violations involving students shall be referred to the Director of Campus Safety and/or the Office of Student Conduct for disciplinary action and, in addition to other sanctions, may result in the loss of driving and parking privileges on Concordia property. Violations involving employees shall be referred to Human Resources. 

4.2: Traffic Collisions

Any vehicle operator involved in a traffic collision on campus should contact the Department of Campus Safety.  It is the responsibility of the parties involved to exchange information before leaving the scene of the accident.  Failure to leave or exchange information in a collision is a misdemeanor if property damage is involved (California Vehicle Code 20002) or a felony if there is injury (California Vehicle Code 20001). Leaving the scene of a collision without leaving or exchanging information may result in the suspension of driving privileges on campus.

4.3: Transponder Lanes

RFID transponders are available to homeowners, faculty, staff, and students who desire to use the right-hand entry lane at both the Ridgeline and Turtle Rock entrances.  Those who do not possess an RFID transponder must enter campus through the left-hand visitor lane and check in with the gate attendant.  Students, Faculty, and Staff can apply for a transponder at the Campus Safety Office.  Homeowners must obtain their transponder through their HOA management company. 

4.4: Utility and Golf Carts

All university employees and students operating a utility or golf cart on campus must be certified through the Department of Campus Safety and agree to abide by the Concordia University Cart Operator Policy.  University affiliates and guests authorized to drive a utility or golf cart on campus must also agree to abide by the Concordia University Cart Operator Policy.  Utility or golf carts not affiliated with university business or special events are not permitted on campus.  Persons operating carts in an unsafe manner risk having their cart-driving privileges revoked.

Section 5: Parking and Traffic Fines

5.1: Violations and Fines

Failure to observe Concordia's Vehicle Regulations may result in the imposition of penalties and fines.  Campus Safety personnel issue fines for parking violations and some moving violations.  The following is a list of finable violations and their amounts: 

1.

	

Red Zone or Fire Lane—CVC 22500.1

	

$100.00




2.

	

Handicapped Parking—CVC 22507.8 (a)(b)(c)

	

$250.00




3.

	

Other Unsafe Driving (Speed, Reckless, Unsafe Passing, Etc.)

	

$150.00




4.

	

Reserved Parking

	

$50.00




5.

	

Faculty/Staff or Visitor

	

$40.00




6.

	

Loading Zone

	

$40.00




7.

	

Parked Other Than Within Marked Stall

	

$40.00




8.

	

Permit Not Properly Displayed

	

$40.00




9.

	

No Permit / Expired Permit

	

$40.00




10.

	

Unauthorized Area

	

$50.00




11.

	

Blocking Vehicles / Traffi