ted on campus.  Persons operating carts in an unsafe manner risk having their cart-driving privileges revoked.

Section 5: Parking and Traffic Fines

5.1: Violations and Fines

Failure to observe Concordia's Vehicle Regulations may result in the imposition of penalties and fines.  Campus Safety personnel issue fines for parking violations and some moving violations.  The following is a list of finable violations and their amounts: 

1.

	

Red Zone or Fire Lane—CVC 22500.1

	

$100.00




2.

	

Handicapped Parking—CVC 22507.8 (a)(b)(c)

	

$250.00




3.

	

Other Unsafe Driving (Speed, Reckless, Unsafe Passing, Etc.)

	

$150.00




4.

	

Reserved Parking

	

$50.00




5.

	

Faculty/Staff or Visitor

	

$40.00




6.

	

Loading Zone

	

$40.00




7.

	

Parked Other Than Within Marked Stall

	

$40.00




8.

	

Permit Not Properly Displayed

	

$40.00




9.

	

No Permit / Expired Permit

	

$40.00




10.

	

Unauthorized Area

	

$50.00




11.

	

Blocking Vehicles / Traffic

	

$50.00




12.

	

Display of Stolen, Forged, Altered, or Unregistered Permit

	

$250.00

5.2: Late Fees

Parking fines are required to be paid within 21 calendar days of the date of the violation notice.  Payments received after 21 days will be assessed a 100% late fee.  Failure to pay within 42 days will incur an additional 100% late fee.  To pay a fine, follow the instruction provided on the parking violation notice.

5.3: Appeal of Violation Fines

Those wishing to appeal a parking violation fine may appeal online at citationprocessingcenter.com.  The appeal must be completed and submitted within 21 working days of the date of issue of the citation.  All appeals will be reviewed, and the appellant will be notified of the results. 

5.4: Habitual Offenders

Students who have multiple unpaid parking citations may have their student account placed on hold. This action will not allow the student to add or drop classes, enroll in future classes or obtain a copy of their transcript until the fines are paid.  Further violations may result in the loss of driving privileges on campus.  Employees with multiple unpaid violation notices will be referred to Human Resources.  Visitors who continue to violate Concordia's Vehicle Regulations will be prohibited from driving and parking on campus. Any vehicle with multiple unpaid parking citations risk tow at the owner’s expense.

Section 6: Bicycles and Skating Equipment

6.1: Cycling on Campus

Cyclists are subject to the same rules of the road as motorists and must yield the right-of-way to pedestrians at all times.  Cyclists are encouraged to wear protective gear and must use appropriate lighting and/or reflective equipment when riding at night.  Cyclists ride at their own risk and may be held responsible for recklessness and/or injuries to others.  Concordia is not responsible for injuries suffered while cycling or injuries caused by cyclists.

6.2: Bicycle Registration

The Department of Campus Safety requires students to register their bicycles. Registration forms can be picked up and turned in at Administration 103.  Unregistered bikes may be subject to removal after the academic year or if the University believes that they may be abandoned. 

6.3: Bicycle Storage

Bicycles may not be stored in hallways or left unattended in such a manner as to constitute a hazard to other persons.  Rules regarding bicycle storage in the residence halls can be found in the Housing Handbook. Bicycle racks are provided outside each resident hall and bicycles must be parked in or near the bicycle racks. The use of an appropriate bicycle lock is recommended to reduce the possibility of theft. The Department of Campus Safety does not permit the storage of bicycles on campus during the summer break. Bicycles left unattended and unaccounted for during the summer break are subject to removal by the university. All unclaimed or impounded bikes will be removed or disposed of in ninety (90) days from the date received. Gas-powered bicycles are prohibited on pedestrian walkways and cannot be stored inside buildings or residence hall courtyards.

6.4: Skating on Campus

Skating includes the use of skateboards, roller skates, rollerblades, and non-motorized scooters.  Skaters skate at their own risk and may be held responsible for recklessness, damage done to property, and/or injuries to others.  Concordia is not responsible for injuries suffered while skating on campus or injuries caused by skaters.  All persons skating on campus are expected to abide by the following rules:

Skating inside Concordia buildings is prohibited. 
Skating is prohibited along heavily trafficked pedestrian walkways.
Skating is prohibited along steep walkways and roadways on campus.
Skaters must observe all signs restricting skating.
Performing skating tricks is limited to the traffic turn-around by the track and field only.
Any skating that damages University property is prohibited

Gas-powered or motorized skateboards or scoote