ess a visitor pass.

2.2: Proper Display of Parking Decal

Student and Faculty/Staff Decals must be properly displayed by removing the backing of the decal and affixing the adhesive side to the lower left side of the windshield. Decals may not be affixed to the windshield with tape or by any other method. Decals may not be transferred to another vehicle without first registering the vehicle with The Department of Campus Safety.

2.3: Student Parking Decal

All student vehicles are required to be registered on campus.  Students must be registered for courses and possess a current student ID card in order to obtain a Resident or Commuter Student Decal. Resident students will only be permitted to register and keep one vehicle on campus at a time. 

2.4: Faculty and Staff Parking Decal

Members of the University’s faculty or staff must obtain a Faculty/Staff Decal to park in designated faculty/staff spaces.  All persons applying for a Faculty/Staff Decal must be cleared through HR as an employee of the university and possess an employee ID.  Faculty/Staff Decals are not available to student employees.

2.5: University Contracted Employees/Affiliates

Employees of contracted services may apply for a Faculty/Staff Decal to park in designated faculty/staff spaces once they have received a university ID card from The Department of Campus Safety.

2.6: Visitor Permits

Visitors may obtain a Visitor Day Pass at the gatehouses upon entry.  Those visiting campus for an extended period may obtain a Temporary Parking Pass from the Campus Safety Office.  Applicants applying for a Temporary Parking Pass must bring a current driver license.  Visitor Day Passes and Temporary Parking Passes must be displayed face-up on the dashboard and are only valid for the duration of time displayed on the pass. 

Section 3: Parking Regulations

3.1: General Parking Rules

A vehicle is considered “parked” when it is stopped, with the motor running or shut off, whether occupied or not unless complying with a traffic order, signal, or device.  When parking a vehicle on campus, vehicle operators must abide by the University’s vehicle regulations, painted pavement markings, posted signs, and/or directions of a Campus Safety official. The following spaces are available on campus:

General Parking: Vehicles carrying a valid Concordia parking permit or decal are permitted to park in the East Lot, Main lot (or Grimm Hall lot), resident hall lots, and West Lot (by the baseball field). Students with a Resident Decal are not permitted to park in the Main Lot. 
Faculty/Staff Parking: Faculty/Staff parking is available in the stalls marked "Faculty/Staff Parking Only." A Faculty/Staff decal or permit must be obtained from the Department of Campus Safety in order to park in these spaces.  Unless otherwise marked, general parking is allowed in Faculty/Staff stalls after hours from 5:00 p.m. - 7:00 a.m. on weekdays and all day on weekends and Concordia designated holidays.  The Faculty/Staff spaces in the Rho Parking Lot between the Facility Services yard and the Chi Rho residence hall are enforced 24 hours Monday through Friday as designated including during holidays, session recesses, and breaks. The Good Shepherd Lot is faculty/staff parking only from 7 AM to 5 PM. 
Visitor Parking: Visitors may park in the Student lots, in the Main (or Grimm Hall lot), in the Concordia West parking lot (by the baseball field), and in parking stalls marked "Visitor Parking Only."  Visitors must obtain a Visitor Day Pass from the Gate Attendant as they enter the campus. This pass must be displayed face-up on the dashboard of the vehicle at all times.  There is no student or employee parking permitted in designated Visitor parking spaces.
Reserved Stalls: Concordia has reserved special stalls for Residence Directors (RD), prospective students, and other vehicles.  Vehicles not authorized to park in these stalls risk citation.
Handicapped Parking: Only vehicles displaying an official handicapped placard or license plate may park in handicapped stalls. Official placards or license plates are issued by the Department of Motor Vehicles.  University-issued Temporary Accessible Parking Permits may not be used in handicapped stalls (see Section 7 for Temporary Accessible Parking Permits).

3.2: Prohibited Parking Areas

Any vehicle parked in the following areas risk citation and/or tow at the owner’s expense:

In an unauthorized area on, in front of, or blocking sidewalks, loading zones, pedestrian crosswalks, evacuation routes, evacuation assembly areas, landscaped areas, or building entrance/exit ways.
In any way that obstructs visibility of a traffic sign or device.
Within 15 feet of a fire hydrant.
Blocking traffic within an intersection or roadway or blocking parked vehicles.
At painted curbs and lines which are indications of restricted parking.  The following colors have been established:
Red zone – indicates NO parking or stopping, whether the vehicle is attended or not