https://www.cui.edu/campus-safety/concordia-gatehouses
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Campus Safety

About
Get Started
Vehicle Information
In Case of Emergency
Resources
Related Links
Concordia Gatehouses
CAMPUS SAFETY
Concordia Gatehouses
General Information

Concordia University Irvine is a gated campus with gatehouses at the Ridgeline and Turtle Rock entrances. The gatehouses provide 24/7 entry control services to the University and the Concordia East and West neighborhoods adjacent to the campus. All guests must check-in with the gate attendant and receive a visitor pass. Solicitors will not be permitted into the campus. Both gatehouses are equipped with cameras and license plate readers to record vehicles as they come through. 

Visiting the University Campus

The Concordia University Irvine campus is private property, and its indoor and outdoor facilities are not available to the general public for use. University visitation hours are from 6 AM to 9 PM daily. Visitor parking passes expire within the date they are issued, and guests are responsible for making sure that they display a valid parking pass when parking on campus. Guests visiting resident students may come in after hours (9 PM) by invitation only, and the gate attendant must have received notification of the guest by the resident student they are visiting. Resident students and their guests are responsible for complying with residence hall visitation policies. Except during special events, gate attendants will record visitors' names and vehicle information, particularly between 9 PM and 6 AM. All visitors must be willing to provide their name and vehicle information and may be asked to verify ID.  

Visiting the Concordia East and West Communities

Persons visiting the homes in the Concordia East or West neighborhoods must check-in at the gatehouses. Concordia East or West residents are required to enter their guests into Dwelling Live before their guest will be permitted entry, and guest must display a Dwelling Live visitor pass in order to enter the neighborhood streets. University guests, staff, faculty, and students are not permitted to park in the neighborhood streets. All visitors must be willing to provide their name and vehicle information and may be asked to verify ID.  

For questions about our gatehouses and visitation policy, please contact Campus Safety at campussafety@cui.edu.  

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

