https://www.cui.edu/campus-safety/personal-transportation
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Campus Safety

About
Get Started
Vehicle Information
In Case of Emergency
Resources
Related Links
Personal Transportation
CAMPUS SAFETY
Personal Transportation
CU Ride

Concordia's FREE bike loan program allows you to ride to the beach (5 miles to Back Bay, 10 miles to Newport Beach!), shop and eat at the Irvine Spectrum (Only 5 miles away!), go grocery shopping (Albertson’s and Ralph’s are only 2 miles away!), get active and “Go Green” for the environment.  Explore the hundreds of miles of bike trails in Orange County!

CU Rides is a program created to promote healthy, alternative transportation methods and a more sustainable campus culture through a free bike loan program, bike repairs, and intentional alternative transportation programming.

How does it work?

Check out bikes for FREE from R.E.S. Office (Sigma Square).
Make a reservation or walk in.
Return bike later that day or the next day.
Baskets, helmets, and locks are checked out with bikes.
We have maps to all of OC’s popular places!
A bike attendant is available to help with minor maintenance and to answer any questions you may have about biking!
FYE Shuttle Service

The Office of First-Year Experience now has a free shuttle service that circulates to several locations around Orange County. The shuttle meets in the Rho parking lot paralleling Dorm road. For more information and operating hours, please check out the Shuttle Website.

Orange County Transit Authority (OCTA)

OCTA provides bus routes throughout Orange County and connector routes into Los Angeles and Riverside Counties. Bus stops close to the Concordia Irvine campus are located at the intersection of Campus and Culver near UCI and the intersection of Michelson and University near the Ralph's shopping center. OCTA buses are equipped with bike racks to accommodate their passengers’ bicycles.

For more information about OCTA bus routes, please visit Routes and Schedules.

For those with a disability who are unable to ride OCTA’s regular bus routes, OCTA offers a paratransit shuttle service called ACCESS. For more information on ACCESS, please see OCTA Access or call (714) 560-5596.

Bikeways in Irvine

The City of Irvine has a robust system of bikeways and a solid reputation as a bike-friendly city. It has achieved bronze-level status as a cycling community among the League of American Cyclists. With scenic parks and ample shopping centers, it is hard to resist exploring this beautiful community on a road bike or beach cruiser. For more information about Irvine bikeways, please visit Irvine Bikeways.

John Wayne Airport

Orange County’s John Wayne Airport is a few minutes’ drive from the Concordia University, Irvine campus. For domestic flights, John Wayne is a very convenient location from which to fly. The airport is located at the intersection of Macarthur and Michelson right off of the 405 freeway. For more information about John Wayne Airport, please visit OC Air.

Train

Metrolink serves the coastal and inland regions of Southern California and operates 11 stations in Orange County. The Irvine station is located at the Irvine Transportation Center at 15215 Barranca Parkway, Irvine, CA 92618. For the routes and schedules of the Metrolink Orange County stations, please visit Metrolink Overview. 

For longer hauls within or out of state, Amtrak is also available at the Irvine Transportation Center off of Barranca Parkway in Irvine. For Amtrak’s routes and schedules, please visit California Train Routes.

Shuttles and Taxis

A number of shuttle services are available for transportation to John Wayne Airport. For a list of shuttles, please visit:

Airport Shuttles
Irvine Transportation Center (Train)

Numerous taxi services are also available. For a more extensive list of licensed taxi companies please visit Taxi Services.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

