https://www.cui.edu/campus-safety/clery-act-disclosure
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Campus Safety

About
Get Started
Vehicle Information
In Case of Emergency
Resources
Related Links
Clery Act Disclosure
CAMPUS SAFETY

The “Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act,” or more simply the “Clery Act,” applies to every institution of higher education that receives federal financial aid. The Clery Act requires institutions of higher education to distribute annually a description of campus security and fire safety policies and statistics concerning specific types of crimes and fire incidents. This information, compiled into the Annual Security and Fire Safety Report, is to be released to all current students, employees, and applicants for enrollment or employment. The Department of Campus Safety prepares the report in cooperation with law enforcement agencies surrounding the main campus, regional centers, and cohort locations, and with campus entities such as Residential Education and Services, the Office of Student Conduct, and employees identified as Campus Security Authorities (see the section on Campus Security Authorities for details). Campus Safety gathers crime statistics from law enforcement agencies and campus departments and reconciles that information with its own statistics to ensure that the report is accurate and complete. The report is reviewed every year to keep it current on issues, programs, and policies within Concordia’s dynamic campus. Printed versions are available in the Campus Safety Office in Administration 103 upon request. Campus Safety submits crime and fire incident statistics to the Department of Education annually.

Information relating to the official Annual Security and Fire Safety Report and CLERY crime statistics can be obtained via the links below. Statistics can also be obtained from the U.S. Department of Education (USDOE) website link below.

Annual Security and Fire Safety Report - 2023
Daily Crime and Fire Log
Campus Security Authority Report Form
USDOE website
Drug and Alcohol Abuse Prevention Program
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

