https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/graphic-design
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Graphic Design Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Scholarship
Get Started
Graphic Design Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Pursue Creative Vocations in Graphic Design

Embark on an education where you will flex your creative muscle and communicate ideas and experiences through images, words, and forms. As you prepare for a career in the dynamic and ever-changing field of graphic design, you will gain skills in software programs designers need to know, understand the foundations of good design, and build your personal portfolio, gaining real-world experience.

Building on a foundation of core courses that hone your artistic skills, graphic design majors are trained to use signs and symbols to convey an idea or concept through innovative thinking. Students gain a core knowledge in traditional linear print media, web design, motion graphics and time-based media.

Concordia offers both a major and a minor in graphic design. As a design student at Concordia, you will find that our faculty members empower students to follow an exciting vocational path in the visual arts. Students leave the program equipped for a successful future in their chosen field.

APPLY NOW

Humans of Concordia

Surprising, savvy, and inspiring, real students reveal their dream jobs and how they are applying what they're learning at Concordia University Irvine. Meet a few of our Graphic Design majors and minors and how they're pursuing design on their own terms.

MEET STUDENTS

Opportunities For Graphic Design Majors

Designers never stop learning. Understanding formal concepts, methods, theories, and techniques and how to apply them is an ongoing journey. In a community of learners, designers share their work and knowledge so they can learn from each other. Concordia offers many opportunities through writing, talks, and collaborative learning to refine and grow your skills. We view the Concordia University Irvine Art Department as an integral asset to Concordia’s distinctly Christian liberal arts education.

Academic Opportunities

As a Graphic Design major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, or double major.

Art Major
Art Minor
Business Marketing Minor
Communication Studies Minor
Graphic Design Minor
Extracurricular Activities

Become proficient in digital publishing, digital image manipulation, and digital illustration while building strong portfolios and participating in service learning assignments creating design projects for campus organizations or nonprofit organizations within the community.

On-Campus Art Exhibits and Lectures
Aerie Magazine
Spring Student Art Show
On-Campus and Local Organization Design Projects
Internships

In your senior year, you will complete a semester-long internship or practicum in the graphic design profession, as well as participate in a required portfolio review. Concordia Irvine’s location offers access to a large number of professional businesses in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

CAbi
Concordia University: Marketing & Web Team
John and Linda Friend Gallery
Music Department
Athletic Department
First Lutheran Church, Burbank
Private Club Marketing
Quiksilver—Roxy Footwear Merchandising and Design
Rip Curl
Sacred Jewels
Technijian
The PM Group
Graduate Schools Attended

Many of our Graphic Design and Art students choose to continue their education and find success in applying to the graduate school of their choice. The rigor and virtues inherent in a Concordia education give our students resources for continued success as they pursue their masters or doctorate.

University of Utah
Academy of Art University, San Francisco
Laguna College of Art and Design
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville
University of Arizona
University of North Carolina Chapel Hill
Scholarships

The Art Department at Concordia University Irvine offers scholarship opportunities to students who show strong promise in studio art and graphic design.

LEARN MORE

Curriculum

The goal of the Art department is to instill abilities across the arts in our students so they graduate with a well-rounded skill set. Students create art and design that utilizes the elements and principles of design, composition, and strong drawing skills while they also build aesthetic and communication capabilities. The relationship of technique and content is further explored as students are introduced to art history, contemporary practices, and a distinct cultural awareness.

GRAPHIC DESIGN SAMPLE COURSES
ARTG 261: Graphic Design I
3

This studio art course will give students an introduction to the study of graphic design, as they are exposed to the history of visual communication, typography, advertisin