s University Edwardsville
University of Arizona
University of North Carolina Chapel Hill
Scholarships

The Art Department at Concordia University Irvine offers scholarship opportunities to students who show strong promise in studio art and graphic design.

LEARN MORE

Curriculum

The goal of the Art department is to instill abilities across the arts in our students so they graduate with a well-rounded skill set. Students create art and design that utilizes the elements and principles of design, composition, and strong drawing skills while they also build aesthetic and communication capabilities. The relationship of technique and content is further explored as students are introduced to art history, contemporary practices, and a distinct cultural awareness.

GRAPHIC DESIGN SAMPLE COURSES
ARTG 261: Graphic Design I
3

This studio art course will give students an introduction to the study of graphic design, as they are exposed to the history of visual communication, typography, advertising, and learn how to identify the elements and principles of design by creating image and text related projects. Students will also develop skills using the digital techniques of scanning, typographic adjustments, vector drawing, exporting, and printing. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester.


ARTG 300: History of Graphic Design
3

This survey course will examine the history of graphic design as students gain a broader understanding of how design affects and is affected by the culture; identify individual illustrators, designers, and artists; and recognize specific styles and movements. This course is offered every spring semester. Class fee: $50. Prerequisite: ARTG 261 or consent of instructor.


ARTG 460: Typography II
3

As a continuation of ARTG 360, this course will begin the exploration of personal expression and experimentation typographically with course assignments designed to focus on the issues of denotation, connotation, hierarchy, context and theme, image-type relationships and interaction, and typographic history and expression. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 360.


ARTG 472: Web Design I
3

Students will plan and execute a site map and design brief, create a website using industry-standard software, and publish it to a server. Emphasis is placed on the layout, color, typography, interactive elements, and user experience. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 361 or consent of instructor.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Graphic Design department are putting their degrees to work for major brands and entrepreneurial start-ups. The skills students learn in verbal, intellectual, and conceptual expressions are highly sought-after into today’s visual marketplace.

An Eye for Design

Alyssa Hale '15
Associate Global Designer, Roxy Footwear

Hale’s first memory of Concordia University Irvine was walking past the globe that overlooks the entire campus and knowing that she was in the right place.

READ STORY
Ringing Success

Jeff Clark '09
Founding Partner and Director of Development, Codeless Interactive

Soccer had been a part of Jeff Clark’s life since he was a child, and was a huge factor in deciding which college to attend after graduation.

READ STORY
Beautiful Roots

Megan Miller '13
Photographer, Beautiful Roots Photography

Miller’s approach to art and desire to create unique pieces was deeply inspired by those who taught her at Concordia University Irvine.

READ STORY
Beauty by Design

Rio Nakasone '17
Graphic Designer

At Concordia University Irvine, Rio gained the skills to become a graphic designer for a hot brand back in Tokyo. More importantly, he learned the art of effective communication.

READ STORY
Where Our Alumni Are Working

Concordia University Irvine prides itself in giving you abilities across the arts and equipping you your senior year to gain meaningful design experience through an internship as well as preparing a portfolio to showcase your talents. Many of our recent graduates are using their diverse and unique skills in jobs in Orange County, LA County, and around the United States.

Adenna Inc., Marketing Manager
Allie Rhoads Designs, Graphic Designer/owner
Arrowmac, Creative Coordinator
Avid Ink, Graphic Designer
BioTrackTHC, Client Application Developer
Chemi Nutra, Business Development & Marketing Manager
Codeless Interactive, Founding Partner/Director of Development
Culver USA Inc,.Graphic Design and Studio Art/Fashion
Design Lines, Inc., Interior Designer
Dick Adams Automotive, Web and Graphic Designer
Disney Feature Animation, Animation Film Production, Look Dev Coordinator-Moana
Eat Sleep Play, QA Game Tester/Level Designer
FoxTales, Graphic Designer
Getac inc., Graphic Designer
Global Genes, Website Coordinator and Graphic Designer
Good Shepherd Lutheran Church and Preschool, Graphic Artist
Government Soluti