https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/graphic-design
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Graphic Design Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Scholarship
Get Started
Graphic Design Major
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Pursue Creative Vocations in Graphic Design

Embark on an education where you will flex your creative muscle and communicate ideas and experiences through images, words, and forms. As you prepare for a career in the dynamic and ever-changing field of graphic design, you will gain skills in software programs designers need to know, understand the foundations of good design, and build your personal portfolio, gaining real-world experience.

Building on a foundation of core courses that hone your artistic skills, graphic design majors are trained to use signs and symbols to convey an idea or concept through innovative thinking. Students gain a core knowledge in traditional linear print media, web design, motion graphics and time-based media.

Concordia offers both a major and a minor in graphic design. As a design student at Concordia, you will find that our faculty members empower students to follow an exciting vocational path in the visual arts. Students leave the program equipped for a successful future in their chosen field.

APPLY NOW

Humans of Concordia

Surprising, savvy, and inspiring, real students reveal their dream jobs and how they are applying what they're learning at Concordia University Irvine. Meet a few of our Graphic Design majors and minors and how they're pursuing design on their own terms.

MEET STUDENTS

Opportunities For Graphic Design Majors

Designers never stop learning. Understanding formal concepts, methods, theories, and techniques and how to apply them is an ongoing journey. In a community of learners, designers share their work and knowledge so they can learn from each other. Concordia offers many opportunities through writing, talks, and collaborative learning to refine and grow your skills. We view the Concordia University Irvine Art Department as an integral asset to Concordia’s distinctly Christian liberal arts education.

Academic Opportunities

As a Graphic Design major, you can combine your degree with a related minor, or double major.

Art Major
Art Minor
Business Marketing Minor
Communication Studies Minor
Graphic Design Minor
Extracurricular Activities

Become proficient in digital publishing, digital image manipulation, and digital illustration while building strong portfolios and participating in service learning assignments creating design projects for campus organizations or nonprofit organizations within the community.

On-Campus Art Exhibits and Lectures
Aerie Magazine
Spring Student Art Show
On-Campus and Local Organization Design Projects
Internships

In your senior year, you will complete a semester-long internship or practicum in the graphic design profession, as well as participate in a required portfolio review. Concordia Irvine’s location offers access to a large number of professional businesses in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

CAbi
Concordia University: Marketing & Web Team
John and Linda Friend Gallery
Music Department
Athletic Department
First Lutheran Church, Burbank
Private Club Marketing
Quiksilver—Roxy Footwear Merchandising and Design
Rip Curl
Sacred Jewels
Technijian
The PM Group
Graduate Schools Attended

Many of our Graphic Design and Art students choose to continue their education and find success in applying to the graduate school of their choice. The rigor and virtues inherent in a Concordia education give our students resources for continued success as they pursue their masters or doctorate.

University of Utah
Academy of Art University, San Francisco
Laguna College of Art and Design
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville
University of Arizona
University of North Carolina Chapel Hill
Scholarships

The Art Department at Concordia University Irvine offers scholarship opportunities to students who show strong promise in studio art and graphic design.

LEARN MORE

Curriculum

The goal of the Art department is to instill abilities across the arts in our students so they graduate with a well-rounded skill set. Students create art and design that utilizes the elements and principles of design, composition, and strong drawing skills while they also build aesthetic and communication capabilities. The relationship of technique and content is further explored as students are introduced to art history, contemporary practices, and a distinct cultural awareness.

GRAPHIC DESIGN SAMPLE COURSES
ARTG 261: Graphic Design I
3

This studio art course will give students an introduction to the study of graphic design, as they are exposed to the history of visual communication, typography, advertising, and learn how to identify the elements and principles of design by creating image and text related projects. Students will also develop skills using the digital techniques of scanning, typographic adjustments, vector drawing, exporting, and printing. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester.


ARTG 300: History of Graphic Design
3

This survey course will examine the history of graphic design as students gain a broader understanding of how design affects and is affected by the culture; identify individual illustrators, designers, and artists; and recognize specific styles and movements. This course is offered every spring semester. Class fee: $50. Prerequisite: ARTG 261 or consent of instructor.


ARTG 460: Typography II
3

As a continuation of ARTG 360, this course will begin the exploration of personal expression and experimentation typographically with course assignments designed to focus on the issues of denotation, connotation, hierarchy, context and theme, image-type relationships and interaction, and typographic history and expression. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 360.


ARTG 472: Web Design I
3

Students will plan and execute a site map and design brief, create a website using industry-standard software, and publish it to a server. Emphasis is placed on the layout, color, typography, interactive elements, and user experience. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 361 or consent of instructor.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Graphic Design department are putting their degrees to work for major brands and entrepreneurial start-ups. The skills students learn in verbal, intellectual, and conceptual expressions are highly sought-after into today’s visual marketplace.

An Eye for Design

Alyssa Hale '15
Associate Global Designer, Roxy Footwear

Hale’s first memory of Concordia University Irvine was walking past the globe that overlooks the entire campus and knowing that she was in the right place.

READ STORY
Ringing Success

Jeff Clark '09
Founding Partner and Director of Development, Codeless Interactive

Soccer had been a part of Jeff Clark’s life since he was a child, and was a huge factor in deciding which college to attend after graduation.

READ STORY
Beautiful Roots

Megan Miller '13
Photographer, Beautiful Roots Photography

Miller’s approach to art and desire to create unique pieces was deeply inspired by those who taught her at Concordia University Irvine.

READ STORY
Beauty by Design

Rio Nakasone '17
Graphic Designer

At Concordia University Irvine, Rio gained the skills to become a graphic designer for a hot brand back in Tokyo. More importantly, he learned the art of effective communication.

READ STORY
Where Our Alumni Are Working

Concordia University Irvine prides itself in giving you abilities across the arts and equipping you your senior year to gain meaningful design experience through an internship as well as preparing a portfolio to showcase your talents. Many of our recent graduates are using their diverse and unique skills in jobs in Orange County, LA County, and around the United States.

Adenna Inc., Marketing Manager
Allie Rhoads Designs, Graphic Designer/owner
Arrowmac, Creative Coordinator
Avid Ink, Graphic Designer
BioTrackTHC, Client Application Developer
Chemi Nutra, Business Development & Marketing Manager
Codeless Interactive, Founding Partner/Director of Development
Culver USA Inc,.Graphic Design and Studio Art/Fashion
Design Lines, Inc., Interior Designer
Dick Adams Automotive, Web and Graphic Designer
Disney Feature Animation, Animation Film Production, Look Dev Coordinator-Moana
Eat Sleep Play, QA Game Tester/Level Designer
FoxTales, Graphic Designer
Getac inc., Graphic Designer
Global Genes, Website Coordinator and Graphic Designer
Good Shepherd Lutheran Church and Preschool, Graphic Artist
Government Solutions, Inc., Associate
GuideSpark, Associate Designer
Harris Media LLC, Senior Account Executive
Hobie Surf Shops, Assistant Manager/ Head Visual Merchandiser
Holland Arts, Communications Director
Huntington Harbour Philharmonic Society Principal at The Canter Company, Graphic and Website Designer
Huntington Harbour Philharmonic Society, Graphic Designer and Marketing Manager
Landscape Communications, Executive Administrative Assistant
Megan Miller Photography, owner
Mendocino College Marketing Committee, Part-Time Social Media Director and Graphics Assistant
Montessori Center School, Marketing and Graphic Design
Nike West Brand Marketing, Brand Marketing Specialist, Women's Training & Young Athletes
Ocean Media, Digital Media Planner
Optimist LA (Nike Sportswear agency), Project Coordinator
Plum Paper, Junior Graphic Designer
Roxy, Assistant Footwear Designer
Therese Carmel Interiors & Home, Interior Designer
Trusted Technical Solutions, Help Desk Manager/Web Designer
Vision Design Studio, Graphic Designer
Zito's Pizza, Graphic Designer and Marketing Manager
Meet Your Professor

Professors in the Graphic Design Department are active participants in helping you develop and practice habits of learning that you will use over the span of your career. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who provide opportunities for you to learn through making and critique and where students are encouraged to express their faith through art.

Rachel Soo
Visual Arts Department Chair

Professor Soo is Co-Chair of the Art Department at Concordia University Irvine. She teaches digital image manipulation, digital illustration, digital publishing, typography, and graphic design classes. Utilizing both traditional and digital media, she creates artwork which investigates issues of identity and culture. She explores self-discovery by examining memories, perceptions and personal relationships. Professor Soo earned her BFA in Commercial Art from Concordia University in Nebraska, and an MFA in Integrated Visual Art from Iowa State University, Ames. Soo lives in Irvine with her husband and two sons.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

GRAPHIC DESIGN FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch

For more information about the Graphic Design major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Rachel Soo
Visual Arts Department Chair
rachel.soo@cui.edu
(949) 214-3289

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

