https://www.cui.edu/campus-safety/victims-information
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Campus Safety

About
Get Started
Vehicle Information
In Case of Emergency
Resources
Related Links
If You Are a Victim
CAMPUS SAFETY
If You Are a Victim

(partially taken from victimsofcrime.org)

The most important single act a victim can engage in immediately is getting to a safe place. A victim should find a place where she or he can feel secure and comfortable; such as a friend or resident advisor's room, the local or campus police, or a public place.

Victims who are injured should seek immediate medical help. Victims should call 911 or have a friend take them to the hospital, Concordia’s Wellness Center, or a private doctor.

Because being a victim can be both physically and psychologically traumatic in the short and long term, many victims seek the support of family, friends, or professionals throughout their recovery. Professional assistance or referrals to assistance may be available through the following resources:

Campus/residence hall staff;
On/off-campus crisis centers;
School counseling services;
Victim/witness programs; and/or
Community mental health agencies.

If you are unsure of where to begin, talk with your RA. While they cannot promise confidentiality, they can provide privacy and can help you get connected to one or more of the offices/agencies listed below.

FILE A TITLE IX COMPLAINT

If you are the victim of:

Theft – contact Campus Safety: 949-214-3000. An officer will take a report and can connect you with the Irvine Police Department.
Violence – contact 911 if the violence results in needing medical attention; contact Campus Safety: 949-214-3000 after medical assistance has been received. An officer will take a report and can connect you with the Irvine Police Department.
Hazing – contact Campus Safety: 949-214-3000 or your RA.
Sexual Harassment – contact one of Concordia’s designated Sexual Harassment Complaint Resource Officers:

Megan Bouslaugh
Vice President of Student Affairs, Dean of Students
Chief Title IX Coordinator
Email: megan.bouslaugh@cui.edu
Phone: 949-214-3057

Other Sexual Misconduct – contact any of the following University entities for assistance:

Wellness Center, Michelle Laabs, Director of Health Services: 949-214-3102
Administration Bldg 103, Campus Safety Office, Raul Morales, Director of Campus Safety: 949-214-3007.
Administration Bldg 106, Campus Safety Office, Steven Rodriguez, Associate Director of Campus Safety: 949-214-3003.
Campus Sexual Assault Victim’s Bill of Rights
The accuser and accused must have the same opportunity to have others present.
Both parties shall be informed of the outcome of any disciplinary proceeding.
Survivors shall be informed of their options to notify law enforcement.
Survivors shall be notified of counseling services.
Survivors shall be notified of options for changing academic and living situations.
Reporting the Crime to Authorities

Victims are encouraged to report the crime to authorities for many reasons, including:

Many crime victim compensation programs require immediate reporting to police;
Statistics show that crimes reported sooner, rather than later, have higher arrest rates; and
Authorities may be able to direct victims to further assistance.

Please note that although all crime victims are encouraged to report the crime, not everyone will feel comfortable entering the judicial process. The choice about whether or not to report belongs to the victim. Reporting is not required to receive crisis counseling or medical care.

Listed below are some off-campus resources that provide services for victims as they are deciding to report the crime:

Irvine Police Department – 949-724-7000
Hoag Hospital Irvine – 16200 Sand Canyon Avenue, Irvine; 949-517-3000
Kaiser Permanente Hospital – 6640 Alton Parkway, Irvine; 949-932-5000
Sexual Assault Victim Services for South Orange County – 949-752-1971
Rape Crisis Hotline –24-Hour Counseling – 714-957-2737 or 949-831-9110
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

