https://www.cui.edu/campus-safety/programs
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Campus Safety

About
Get Started
Vehicle Information
In Case of Emergency
Resources
Related Links
Campus Safety Programs and Activities
CAMPUS SAFETY
Earthquake Preparedness
Great Concordia ShakeOut

On October 18, 2023, at 10:18 AM, Concordia will be holding a campus-wide earthquake drill. An alert will be sent out to announce the drill. Whether or not you receive the alert, please follow the below steps wherever you are on campus. Please review the below video on how to respond to an earthquake and follow us on Instagram and Facebook for more detailed earthquake tips! Concordia is holding the Concordia ShakeOut on a Wednesday, a day earlier than the nation-wide ShakeOut drill, in order to avoid scheduling conflicts with chapel services. 

In the Event of an Earthquake on Campus
Step One

Drop to the ground; find cover (if there is no large table or desk, use a chair to protect your head); and hold on to the desk/table/chair.  Hold your position until the shaking stops.

Step Two

Once 20 seconds have passed, please evacuate the building and go to the assembly area for your building.  Remember to stand a safe distance from the building (distance should equal the height of the building or more).  Concordia - Spectrum Campus™ assembly area is in the north parking lot outside of the café doors. For a map of all campus evacuation assembly areas on the Turtle Rock Campus, please click here: Evacuation Assembly Area Map. 

Step Three

Remain in the assembly area until Campus Safety gives the all-clear indicating that the exercise is over.  Building captains and others responsible for evacuation will be conducting a quick debriefing while waiting for the all-clear. 

We anticipate that the exercise will take about 15 minutes from start to finish. 

For questions regarding earthquake preparedness, please contact:
Raul Morales
Director of Campus Safety
949-214-3007
raul.morales@cui.edu

Steven Rodriguez
Associate Director of Campus Safety
949-214-3003
steven.rodriguez@cui.edu

For more information about earthquake preparedness, please visit shakeout.org.        

When The Earth Shakes
If There's NO Sturdy Desk or Table

IRVINE SPECTRUM® and SPECTRUM™ are trademarks of Irvine Management Company used with permission.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

