https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/financial-aid/undergraduate
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Financial Aid
Getting Started
Types of Aid
Access Your Financial Aid
Staff
Resources 
Financial Aid
UNDERGRADUATE FINANCIAL AID
ESPAÑOL

Financial aid is the monetary assistance program provided to students for educational costs in the form of scholarships, grants, awards, part-time employment, and/or loans. It includes federal, state aid, private or outside aid, and aid from Concordia University. This packaging approach may include assistance from two or more sources of financial aid. The university’s goal is to award all applicants the maximum scholarship, grant, and loan(s) for which they qualify, within the restrictions of federal and state guidelines and institutional policies.

Concordia University's institutional aid must go towards institutional charges, such as tuition, fees, university housing, and meal plans. It does not cover university class fees, fines, etc. Academic and Athletic Scholarships and Department Awards, including need-based aid, are known as Concordia institutional aid.

You can apply for financial aid if:
You are a U.S. citizen, national or permanent resident or other eligible non­ citizen;
You have been accepted for admission or readmission to Concordia University;
You are enrolled, or plan to enroll in a program of study leading to a degree;
You will maintain Satisfactory Academic Progress toward that degree; and
You have completed all the application procedures as outlined.
How is your financial aid determined?

Financial aid is based on a combination of a student's financial need and merit­-based aid (aid based on a student's talent or academic ability such as academics, athletics, music, theatre, forensics).

Cost of Attendance (COA) minus Expected Family Contribution (EFC) equals Financial Need.

COA is determined by tuition, fees, books, supplies, room, board, transportation and miscellaneous and personal expenses.
EFC contributing factors are family income and assets, number of family members, number of family members in college and age of oldest family member. The EFC is calculated from the FAFSA by the federal government.
Sources of Aid
Federal Aid
State Aid
Institutional Aid
Private or Outside Aid

Click here for instructions to access your Financial Aid Offer.

Tuition & Fees

Please see your chosen program or degree for specific tuition information.

TUITION & FEES
Contact the Financial Aid Office
Contact Info

Phone: (949) 214-3066
Fax: (949) 214-3500
Email: finaid@cui.edu
Staff Directory

Location

Financial Aid Office, Grimm Hall North, 2nd Floor
Concordia University
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

