https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/financial-aid/teacher-credential
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Financial Aid
Types of Aid
Verification
Access Your Offer
Partnerships
Forms
Staff
Resources
Financial Aid
TEACHER CREDENTIAL FINANCIAL AID
Financial Aid

Financial aid is the monetary assistance program provided to students for educational costs in the form of scholarships, grants, awards, part-time employment, and/or loans. It includes federal, state aid, private or outside aid, and aid from Concordia University. This packaging approach may include assistance from two or more sources of financial aid. The university’s goal is to award all applicants the maximum scholarship, grant, and loan(s) for which they qualify, within the restrictions of federal and state guidelines and institutional policies.

How to Apply for Financial Aid

Step 1

If this is your first time applying for federal financial aid, create a FSA ID. The student, and one parent if a dependent student, need to create an FSA ID online. Your FSA ID remains the same from year to year, so keep it in a safe place and never share it with anyone.

Returning students will need to login to the Federal Student Aid website with their FSA ID and complete a FAFSA renewal application.

Step 2

Fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) form to be considered for federal grants, work-study, and loans. Make sure to include Concordia's school code - 013885.

Credential students should select the 5th year undergraduate option when completing the FAFSA. MEd+credential students are considered graduate students and should select the 1st year graduate or Continuing graduate option.

Please note the FAFSA is a free application. Click here for facts on Financial Aid Consultants and Scholarship Services.

Step 3

Read all communications received from the Financial Aid Office and provide any requested documentation at your earliest convenience. All communication is sent via email to your student email account (Eagles). Once you receive notification you have an Eagles email, please activate it immediately.

The Financial Aid Office recognizes that households can experience changes in income, other finances, or experience a special or unusual circumstance that are not adequately reflected on the student's FAFSA. If you believe you have a special or unusual circumstance to be considered, please visit our Professional Judgment page or contact your financial aid counselor to discuss your situation.

What are Credential students eligible for?
Most students are eligible for a Federal Direct loans:
Amounts and types of loans determined by program*, FAFSA need, dependency status**, and loan limits.
Teacher Credential students may be eligible for a Federal Pell Grant. See Grants page for more information.
LCMS Lutheran Teaching students may be eligible for the Church Career Scholarship.
Students who received the Cal Grant as a traditional undergraduate may be eligible for a 5th year Cal Grant extension. See Grants page for more information.

Students in the M.Ed+teacher credential program are considered Graduate students. For more information, please visit our Graduate Financial Aid page.

*Students enrolled or planning to enroll in the Clear Induction Credential Programs at Concordia University can apply for a private student loan. Concordia University Certificate Programs do not participate in Title IV Federal Financial Aid programs.

**To determine a student's maximum eligibility for federal student aid, the FAFSA form asks a series of questions that determine whether you are a dependent or independent student. For information on FAFSA dependency status visit the Federal Student Aid website.

Tuition & Costs

The cost per unit varies for each program, and some programs require specialized fees. Please see your chosen program or degree for specific tuition information.

TUITION & FEES
Contact the Financial Aid Office
Contact Info

Phone: (949) 214-3066
Fax: (949) 214-3500
Email: finaid@cui.edu
Staff Directory

Location

Financial Aid Office, Grimm Hall North, 2nd Floor
Concordia University
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

