https://www.cui.edu/library/research-databases
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Schroeder Library
About Us
Research Tools
Services
Digital Repository
Contact Us
My Library Account
Research Databases
Library
 

Search all of the library's resources simultaneously. Simply enter your search term into OneSearch.

OneSearch
Books
Articles
Journals
Course Reserves
New Books

Advanced Search

 

To narrow your results, open A-Z Databases. Use the pulldown arrows to limit resources by subject, type, vendor, or name.

With the exception of any trials, here is a list of our current database offerings:

A-Z DATABASES

EBSCO

Search our EBSCO databases, including Academic Search Complete, many subject databases, encyclopedias, and ATLA Serials.

JSTOR

A high quality interdisciplinary archive of scholarship containing over one thousand academic journals in both digital and print format.

Nexis Uni

Nexis Uni™ features more than 15,000 news, business and legal sources from LexisNexis®—including U.S. Supreme Court decisions dating back to 1790—with an intuitive interface that offers quick discovery across all content types, personalization features such as Alerts and saved searches and a collaborative workspace with shared folders and annotated documents.

Naxos Music Library

The recordings in Naxos Music Library include the complete catalogues of BIS, Chandos, CPO, Hänssler, Hungaroton, Marco Polo, Naxos and selected titles of other leading independent labels, with more labels being added from time to time.

Nursing Reference Center Plus

Designed specifically for nurses, this resource provides evidence-based information for point of care, continuing education, nursing research and more.

Oxford Music Online

Oxford Music Online is the gateway offering users the ability to access and cross-search multiple music reference resources in one location. With Grove Music Online as its cornerstone, Oxford Music Online also contains The Oxford Companion to Music (revised 2011), which offers more than 8,000 articles on composers, performers, conductors, instruments and notation, forms and genres, and individual works; and The Oxford Dictionary of Music, 2nd edition (revised 2006), which supplements Grove's more-extensive articles with content geared toward undergraduates and general users. Both of these sources are included in subscriptions to Grove Music Online.

Oxford Reference Online

Offers over 175 fully-indexed, cross-searchable dictionary, language reference, and subject reference works published by Oxford University Press.

Telos

Prescient, timely, provocative, and independent: Telos is a must-read for anyone with a serious interest in politics, philosophy, critical theory, and culture.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

