ster.


Choose two of the following courses:
ARTG 300: History of Graphic Design
3

This survey course will examine the history of graphic design as students gain a broader understanding of how design affects and is affected by the culture; identify individual illustrators, designers, and artists; and recognize specific styles and movements. This course is offered every spring semester. Class fee: $50. Prerequisite: ARTG 261 or consent of instructor.


ARTG 390: Practicum: Graphic Design
3

This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom directly related to the student's major, minor, or professional program that is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience. A lab fee may be required for some courses.


ARTG 460: Typography II
3

As a continuation of ARTG 360, this course will begin the exploration of personal expression and experimentation typographically with course assignments designed to focus on the issues of denotation, connotation, hierarchy, context and theme, image-type relationships and interaction, and typographic history and expression. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 360.


ARTG 461: Graphic Design III
3

This course will allow students to complete advanced graphic design projects to fill gaps in their portfolios, emphasizing their preparation to become professional graphic designers through the production of strong portfolios that can be used to gain internships or employment. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 361.


ARTG 471: Video Art
3

In this studio course, students will create relationships between image and sound by using the time-based medium of video with an emphasis on students developing strong concepts for their projects and learning to create a storyboard, film, and edit video art pieces together using Adobe Premiere and Adobe After Effects. Class fee: $50. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 271 or consent of instructor.

ARTG 472: Web Design I
3

Students will plan and execute a site map and design brief, create a website using industry-standard software, and publish it to a server. Emphasis is placed on the layout, color, typography, interactive elements, and user experience. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 361 or consent of instructor.


ARTG 473: Motion Graphics
3

Students will go through the various stages of creating a title sequence for a film in this course as they create several projects including storyboards, animatics, and one full-motion sequence, learning to use the best technique that better serves the idea. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 361 or consent of instructor.

ARTG 481: Digital Photography
3

This course will provide students with an introduction to visual concepts, basic image capture, and camera functions with digital cameras, including software basics for photographic imaging and digital printing. Class fee: $50. This course is offered alternate years in fall semester.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Humans of CUI

Surprising, savvy, and inspiring, real students reveal their dream jobs and how they are applying what they're learning at CUI. Meet a few of our Graphic Design majors and minors and how they're pursuing design on their own terms.

MEET STUDENTS

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

