https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/graphic-design
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Graphic Design Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Graphic Design Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit

A minor in Graphic Design will provide you the opportunity to supplement your non-art major. Graphic design is the profession that plans and exercises visual communication principles according to the needs of audiences and contexts for which the communication is intended. Graphic designers use various technologies as means for creating visual form and as a tool through which communication takes place. This minor will enhance your ability in any major or discipline that requires you to describe concepts and ideas visually. A graphic design minor will also prepare you for internships and entry-level positions in the field of graphic design, specifically suited for the design specialties of editorial, corporate design/branding, marketing, book design, digital media packaging, and way-finding/information design.

Curriculum
GRAPHIC DESIGN MINOR
18 Units
ARTG 261: Graphic Design I
3

This studio art course will give students an introduction to the study of graphic design, as they are exposed to the history of visual communication, typography, advertising, and learn how to identify the elements and principles of design by creating image and text related projects. Students will also develop skills using the digital techniques of scanning, typographic adjustments, vector drawing, exporting, and printing. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester.


ARTG 360: Typography I
3

This course will give a historical overview of type and typographic technologies that will introduce students to the formal qualities of different typefaces and teach them to use type as an expressive communication tool. This is an essential course for anyone wishing to communicate with the printed word. Class fee: $50. This class is offered every fall semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 261 or consent of the instructor.


ARTG 361: Graphic Design II
3

Students will produce intermediate design projects that emphasize aesthetics, the theory of design, and the relationship between text and image in this course including the development of digital imaging and layout skills using Adobe InDesign, Photoshop, and Illustrator. A portion of this course will be devoted to a service learning assignment creating design projects for a nonprofit organization within the community. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 261.


Choose one of the following courses:
ARTG 270: Digital Publishing
3

In this course students will develop page layout skills utilizing composition and typographic principles while learning to use Adobe InDesign and the creation of images in Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Photoshop, including text to produce flyers, posters, newsletters, magazines, brochures, calendars, etc. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester.


ARTG 271: Digital Image Manipulation
3

Students will become proficient using Adobe Photoshop in this course, including its applications in graphic design, advertising, web design, animation, and multimedia. Examination of the ways in which complex ideas and messages can be interpreted and represented in visual form will also be included. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall semester.


ARTG 272: Digital Illustration
3

In this course students will acquire type manipulation and digital illustration skills through exercises, demonstrations, and practical assignments using Adobe Illustrator, including the development of an individualized artistic process to produce digital illustrations that convey specific messages. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall semester.


Choose two of the following courses:
ARTG 300: History of Graphic Design
3

This survey course will examine the history of graphic design as students gain a broader understanding of how design affects and is affected by the culture; identify individual illustrators, designers, and artists; and recognize specific styles and movements. This course is offered every spring semester. Class fee: $50. Prerequisite: ARTG 261 or consent of instructor.


ARTG 390: Practicum: Graphic Design
3

This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom directly related to the student's major, minor, or professional program that is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience. A lab fee may be required for some courses.


ARTG 460: Typography II
3

As a continuation of ARTG 360, this course will begin the exploration of personal expression and experimentation typographically with course assignments designed to focus on the issues of denotation, connotation, hierarchy, context and theme, image-type relationships and interaction, and typographic history and expression. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 360.


ARTG 461: Graphic Design III
3

This course will allow students to complete advanced graphic design projects to fill gaps in their portfolios, emphasizing their preparation to become professional graphic designers through the production of strong portfolios that can be used to gain internships or employment. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 361.


ARTG 471: Video Art
3

In this studio course, students will create relationships between image and sound by using the time-based medium of video with an emphasis on students developing strong concepts for their projects and learning to create a storyboard, film, and edit video art pieces together using Adobe Premiere and Adobe After Effects. Class fee: $50. This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 271 or consent of instructor.

ARTG 472: Web Design I
3

Students will plan and execute a site map and design brief, create a website using industry-standard software, and publish it to a server. Emphasis is placed on the layout, color, typography, interactive elements, and user experience. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 361 or consent of instructor.


ARTG 473: Motion Graphics
3

Students will go through the various stages of creating a title sequence for a film in this course as they create several projects including storyboards, animatics, and one full-motion sequence, learning to use the best technique that better serves the idea. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 361 or consent of instructor.

ARTG 481: Digital Photography
3

This course will provide students with an introduction to visual concepts, basic image capture, and camera functions with digital cameras, including software basics for photographic imaging and digital printing. Class fee: $50. This course is offered alternate years in fall semester.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Humans of CUI

Surprising, savvy, and inspiring, real students reveal their dream jobs and how they are applying what they're learning at CUI. Meet a few of our Graphic Design majors and minors and how they're pursuing design on their own terms.

MEET STUDENTS

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

