g materials on reserve is to ensure their availability to a large number of students in a short period of time. At Concordia, there are several types of reserve: 3-hours (in Library use only), 12-hours (overnight), 3-days, and 7-days. The library staff cannot change the type of reserve without the written permission from the faculty member.

Reserve materials may be searched in the online catalog by clicking this link: Course Reserves. Searching is available by the instructor's name or course name.

For more information on submitting a digital reserve request or accessing items on reserve, please visit our Course Reserve Research Guide.

Overdue Policy

Our goal is to encourage the timely return of library materials and provide for optimal sharing of the collection. Patrons are responsible for returning or renewing items by the due date. The Library sends all notices to students' Concordia University email accounts. Overdue notices are a courtesy and non-receipt or late receipt does not exempt the user from overdue fines and replacement bills. It is the responsibility of the students to keep track of the due dates of their loans and check their library accounts regularly for overdue items and fines. Materials are overdue if not returned within the allotted time. (Most books can be kept for 28 days) Fines are incurred every day that the library is open, whether or not school is in session. Fines are not tallied until the material has been returned. Patrons MUST take the responsibility for returning materials on time. Any accrued fines must be paid by the last day of the current semester. Any fines remaining at the end of the semester (plus a $5.00 posting fee) will be sent to Student Accounts. When an item becomes overdue, borrowing privileges are blocked until the item is returned or renewed.

Item/Collection Type	Overdue Fee
Regularly circulating item (most books)	$.25 per day, per item
Recalls	$1.00 per day, per item
Reserves	$5.00 per day, per item
Interlibrary Loan item	$1.00 per day, per item
Lost or Non-Returned Items

An item is considered lost if not returned or renewed (within a month of the checkout date) and a lost book fee of $50 (plus a $15 non-refundable processing fee for each item) will be sent to Student Accounts. If the replacement cost of an item is likely to be higher than the default charge, the higher price may be charged instead. Once the billing has been forwarded to Student Accounts, the library can no longer accept the payment and the account must be settled at Student Accounts. The patron must present a receipt from Student Accounts to the Library in order to reinstate their library privileges.

Appeals

If you believe you returned an item(s) but it is still checked out to you, or if you wish to appeal a fine, please contact the library. Appeals must be made within 1 week of receiving a final notice. Bills that have been referred to Student Accounts may not be appealed. Appeals can ONLY be made in writing at the Circulation Desk.

 
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

