https://www.cui.edu/library/study-rooms
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Schroeder Library
About Us
Research Tools
Services
Digital Repository
Contact Us
My Library Account
Study Rooms
Library
Study Room Policies

Need a place for you to hit the books? The Library has 6 study rooms available for checkout! Make sure to bring your ID to the circulation desk and we will check out the room to you.

The Study Rooms (Rms. 008, 009, 010, 011, 012, 013, and 014) are a service of the Library. They are only available to Concordia students and they must be checked out at the front desk.
Study Rooms are available for both individuals and groups and only for academic purposes. They are not intended for business meetings, conferences, training, office hours, or personal use.
Students wanting to use the Study Rooms must show a current Concordia ID card (or in some instances such as graduate students—a picture ID and E# are acceptable).
A limited number of advanced reservations are accepted for select Study Rooms. All other rooms are available only on a first come basis. Reservations must be made before the day of the reservation and using the Library WC online platform (separate from the Writing Studio WC Online). Exceptions may be made for reservations for library and university events. Reservations and requests are granted on a “first come, first serve” basis.
There is a two-hour time limit per individual, except when no one is waiting.
Study Rooms may not be used to store things (i.e. backpacks, computers, personal items). Leaving a study room briefly to look for materials is okay; however, leaving for longer periods of time will result in the student being asked to vacate the room when they return.
No food or drinks (except water bottles and light snacks) are allowed in the rooms. This is the policy for the entire library. Delivery of food to the library is not permitted.
Do not mark on the walls. White board erasers are available at the front desk.
Use headphones/earphones so as to not disturb other students. The rooms are not soundproof.

Failure to adhere to these rules may result in library privileges to be revoked.

 
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

