https://www.cui.edu/library/research-help
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Schroeder Library
About Us
Research Tools
Services
Digital Repository
Contact Us
My Library Account
Research Help
Library
EXPLORE 
Research Help
Book a Librarian
Research Help

Librarians are always available to help answer your questions. Here are just a few things we can help you with:

Library Resources Help: Qualified librarians help students become familiar with the various library collections, including books and journals in both print and electronic formats.
Technical Help: Students who encounter technical problems with library equipment and resources such as computers, printers, or online databases are encouraged to seek help to resolve the issue.
Directions and Policies: We are also available to help point students in the right direction, or explain the library’s policies and code of conduct.
Research Help: Students in need of extensive research help, which includes exploring, selecting, and evaluating resources, are encouraged to Book A Librarian for an in-depth, one-on-one research interview.
Book a Librarian

You can make an appointment with a librarian to talk about anything related to your research and academic studies! Just select the librarian schedule, choose a time and a librarian and set up an appointment with our new reservation service. Meetings take place in the library or online based upon request.

Phone:
Library Front Desk: 949-214-3090

Email:
librarian@cui.edu

Chat with a Librarian:
Available in the lower right corner of our website.

Help Desk:
The desk is located at the Circulation Desk to the right. It is staffed by reference librarians available to help with any research questions you may have.

 
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

