https://www.cui.edu/library/workshops-events
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Schroeder Library
About Us
Research Tools
Services
Digital Repository
Contact Us
My Library Account
Workshops and Events
Library
EXPLORE 
Upcoming Workshops

We offer free workshops each semester open to students, staff, and faculty. “Workshops held in-person and online. In-person location Library Study Room 010. RSVP's are encouraged but not required.  Find zoom links here (posted day of).

Find recordings of our workshops here.

Questions? Want to RSVP? Email us at librarian@cui.edu.

Spring Workshops

Orientation: 
Wednesday January 10th, 3:00 pm & 6:00 pm, Library
Thursday January 11th, 3:00 pm & 6:00 pm, Library
An introduction to our resources and how to find them. Great for new students and returning students who would like a refresher or to rediscover our updated space and resources.

The AND, OR, NOTs of Research
Wednesday, January 24th, 6:30 pm, LAT 010
Thursday, January 25th, 6:30 pm, Online
Learn how these three words can elevate your search results to bring back better results and help you more effectively search.

Database 101
Wednesday, February 7th, 6:30 pm, LAT 010
Thursday, February 8th, 6:30 pm, Online
Join us for an overview of our databases and learn about the databases that will be most effective for you and your research.

Research Tactics
Wednesday, March 6th, 6:30 pm, LAT 010
Thursday, March 7th, 6:30 pm, Online
Sometimes you need resources fast! Join us to learn some of the easy things you can do to improve your research and find better results.

Are You Info Literate?
Wednesday, March 20th, 6:30 pm, LAT 010
Thursday, March 21st, 6:30 pm, Online
Fact or fake news? Learn what to look for to spot the difference, identify the truth, and find reliable sources.

The Publishing Trap
Wednesday, April 10th, 6:30 pm, LAT 010
Thursday, April 11th, 6:30 pm, Online (Live only, no recording available)
Game night! Explore the impact of scholarly communications choices and discuss the role of open access in research as we play "The Publishing Trap."

How to Know a Little About a Lot!
Has been canceled due to unforeseen circumstances. We hope to reschedule this event for the Fall semester of 2024. More information to be announced once it has been scheduled.

No Bad Ice Cream, No Dumb Questions: A reference question ice cream social
April 24th, 6:30 pm - 7:00 pm
Library Annex
You know how there is no bad ice cream? So also are there no dumb questions. Join us for ice cream and reference help as our librarians answer any of your reference questions.

 
Upcoming Events

Book Club
Our book club has been temporarily suspended pending the completion of the renovation to the library. Our book club is open to students, faculty, and staff. Anyone who would like to participate is welcome to join. To express interest and hear when we start back up again, sign up here.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

