https://www.cui.edu/library/digital-repository
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
 
Schroeder Library
About Us
Research Tools
Services
Digital Repository
Contact Us
My Library Account
Concordia Digital Repository
Library
EXPLORE 
Concordia Digital Repository
Schroeder Archives
Archives Room
Theses and Dissertations
Concordia Digital Repository

Digital files found on our online Concordia Digital Repository include electronic versions of highlighted campus publications, yearbooks and photographs, along with videos of campus activities. The Concordia Digital Repository also holds thousands of theses from Concordia's graduate students.

ACCESS THE ONLINE ARCHIVES

Schroeder Library Archives

The Schroeder Library Archives is a physical and digital place where unique items relating to the history of the University are preserved.

       
Concordia's Founding
Previous
Next
Archives Room

Physical, tangible items found in the Archives Room include but are not limited to documents of school records, campus publications, yearbooks, academic catalogs, newspaper clippings, maps of the changing grounds, and photographs in slide, negative, and print form.

Location

The Archive Room is located in room 006 on the lower library floor of the Schroeder Library and Learning Commons by the elevators on the back right hand side of the library

Visit the Archives

The Archives Room is open to visitors and is ready to assist with research questions. Detailed information about the holdings of the Schroeder Library Archives is available upon request. Our collection development policy contains more specific information about types of materials collected along with a guide for transferring and gifting materials.

Collection Development Policy

Rules of Use

The Archives has a list of rules that apply to all users of the facility. Upon visiting, users are required to fill out a visitor registration form which requests a form of ID and lists the rules regarding the use of materials.

The Archives provides access to its holdings by appointment. Request an appointment by emailing librarian@cui.edu or calling (949) 214-3090.

Theses and Dissertations Collections

The Library collects Theses and Dissertations from Concordia's graduate students. Find theses from the School of Education and the MAIS and Theology Programs, and Dissertations from the Doctor of Educational Leadership Program.

Access the Theses & Dissertations Guide to learn more about how to submit a thesis. Please contact the School of Education at 949-214-3350 or education@cui.edu to learn how to submit your dissertation.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

