https://www.cui.edu/social-media
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Marketing Resources

University Logo Guide
Print Communication
Social Media
Media Resources
CUI In Touch
Social Media
MARKETING RESOURCES
Social Media

We’ve all said it at one time or another, “Everyone is on Facebook so I need to be too.” That's not really an accurate statement though. Using social media as a communication tool requires assessment, planning, goal setting, reporting (analytics), and monitoring. The audience you want to reach may not favor Facebook primarily. Until you align your strategy with your tactics, your efforts may be unfruitful.

In our social media efforts, we strive to be credible thought leaders who encourage authentic conversations, promote online visibility, and convert online activities to on-campus participation.

The Social Media Manager is available as a resource, strategist, and promoter of your program’s social media efforts to accomplish those goals.

What Social Media Looks Like at Concordia

At Concordia we practice the hub and spoke model for social media. This model allows for a centralized position (Social Media Manager) to be cross-functional using Social Media Community Managers to promote Concordia's brand. Social Media Community Managers are staff or faculty members across campus who represent a Concordia community using social media. It is their responsibility to manage, engage, promote and advocate their expertise on social media site(s) specifically designed for their department.

Visit our Social Media information page for a complete list of Concordia University Irvine's social media accounts, contests, and guidelines.

Creating A Social Media Presence

Ready to begin a social media initiative for your department? Here are the key steps of how to get started.

Review and fill out the Social Media Assessment Worksheet.
Meet with the Social Media Manager for Concordia Social Media Policy training.
Along with the Social Media Manager create a strategy.
Follow the social media Guidelines and Best Practices and get started!

Concordia University Irvine prohibits the creation of unofficial social media pages that:

Appear to represent the university.
Use the Concordia University Irvine name and/logo or official university images on an unofficial, unapproved page.
“CUI", “CU Irvine". “ConcordiaIrvine", “Concordia Irvine”, “Concordia University Irvine", “Concordia University, Irvine”, “Concordia University in Irvine”, “Concordia University California”
Impersonate the university in any way.

If you have questions about social media, submissions, or would like to start your channel, please contact the Social Media Manager, Jennifer Harmell, at socialmedia@cui.edu. She would be happy to discuss strategies with you.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

