s in health literacy; lifestyle effects on behavior change and motivation; and the role of lifestyle on chronic disease. Students will learn an alternative way of understanding health and health care compared to the typical pay-for-service or caring for the sick health care model.


KIN 335: Physical Activity and Epidemiology
3

This course will explore the effects of physical activity on chronic disease prevention and health promotion throughout the life span, from clinical and public health perspectives. Discussion and application of real-life physical activity assessment, research, guidelines, and promotion in population levels. Emphasis will be placed on the ability to understand and utilize epidemiology statistics.

KIN 364: Exercise Psychology
3

This course will focus on the psychological understanding of exercise behavior through the examination of psychological, psycho-physiological, and social factors that influence physical activity participation and performance; how participating in physical activity and exercise affect psychological well-being; and the theoretical, methodological, and applied approaches to a variety of topics related to exercise psychology.


KIN 416: Advanced Exercise Physiology
4

As a continuation of KIN 406, this course will survey and evaluate current concepts and literature regarding physiological regulatory mechanisms of oxygen transport and muscle metabolism including the examination of both acute and chronic effects of exercise with an emphasis placed on physiological limitations. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: KIN 406.


KIN 417: Movement Analysis
3

This course will examine the mechanical, structural, and physiological bases of human movement. This course will consist of two parts: (1) introduction of research tools for kinematic and kinetic analysis of human movement and (2) experiment-based projects that apply mechanical principles to the real world human movement situations. Students will engage in advanced study of biomechanical instrumentation systems and will apply mechanical principles to human movement. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: KIN 403.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

