https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/kinesiology/health-human-performance
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Kinesiology Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Get Started
KINESIOLOGY MAJOR
Health and Human Performance Emphasis
SCHOOL OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

The Health and Human Performance emphasis is designed for students who are interested in pursuing a career in Kinesiology with an understanding of related research. Graduates of Concordia’s Kinesiology major are prepared to pursue graduate studies for potential careers in Wellness, Exercise Physiology, Biomechanics, Sport Psychology, Motor Development, Motor Learning, Motor Control, and Kinesiology. In addition, this emphasis provides the foundation for allied health professions like Nursing, Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Cardiac Rehabilitation, Personal Training, Nutritionist, and coaching Strength and Conditioning. When coupled with the PE or Coaching Minor, students are excellent candidates for PE teachers or coaches.

BACHELOR OF SCIENCE: KINESIOLOGY
58-60 Units
CORE COURSES
39 Units
BIO 246: Human Anatomy and Physiology I
4

First of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology. Topics include the structure and function of cells, tissues, and the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 247: Human Anatomy and Physiology II
4

Second of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology.  Topics include the endocrine, cardiovascular, lymphatic/immune, respiratory, digestive, urinary, and reproductive systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintain homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.   Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in BIO 111 and BIO 246 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (spring semester).

KIN 220: Foundations of Human Movement Studies
3

This course will introduce and explore the broad field of human movement, exercise and physical activity. This course will introduce students to the domains and disciplines of study used to understand human movement, exercise and physical activity. Students will learn how to read, understand, critique, and write research articles the discipline of Kinesiology.


KIN 304: Motor Learning and Control
3

This course will give an overview of significant behavioral theories which influence and determine the learning and production of motor skills. Included will be learning theories and motor control theories as well as application of theory to motor performance.


KIN 305: Motor Development
3

This course will study motor skills and physical development from birth to adulthood with an emphasis on infancy, childhood, and adolescence including neurological, physiological, intellectual, social, and emotional factors that influence gross and fine movement activities.


KIN 320: Historical, Social, Cultural Foundations of Sport and P.E.
3

This course will present and discuss the philosophical, historical, and sociological constructs relevant to sport and physical education. Philosophy of sport will explore ways to understand sport involvement. History of sport will be explored from Ancient Greece to modern times. Sociology of sport will be explored regarding current challenges, relevant issues, and controversies in sport and physical education.


KIN 365: Sport Psychology
3

The role of psychomotor and cognitive factors in human movement and sport settings are discussed and explored in this course along with selected topics of such as personality theory, arousal, attribution theory, achievement motivation, anxiety, sport performance interventions, goal setting, attention styles, aggression, social facilitation, social reinforcement, and imagery.


KIN 403: Biomechanics
4

This introductory course will look at the basic principles of anatomical mechanics and their applications to human movement including an analysis of efficient movement. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: KIN 317.


KIN 406: Exercise Physiology
4

This course applies the physiological principles to the study of human performance in exercise. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: BIO 246 and BIO 247.


KIN 407: Kinesiology
4

This course will study human movement with an emphasis on the structure and function of the skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite:  BIO 246.

KIN 410: Statistics and Measurement
4

The development, evaluation, and administration of measurement techniques and tests in exercise science will be explored through lecture and practical applications. Basic statistical analyses and applications in interpreting tests and measurements are taught. A lab fee is required.


HEALTH AND HUMAN PERFORMANCE EMPHASIS
19-21 Units
KIN 409: Research in Kinesiology
2

This course will require students to apply research methods and skills towards the completion of original student-conducted research. This course may require library research, field and/or laboratory research, and statistical analysis to be completed under the supervision of a faculty advisor.


KIN 420: Research Methods in Kinesiology
3

This course will prepare students to read, critique, and conduct scientific research. Through practical experience and understanding of research methods students will develop the skills and knowledge needed to conduct research using a variety of assessments and data collection methods in the discipline of human movement.


Choose five (5) of the following courses:
BIO 371: Neuroscience
4

This course is an introduction to the neurosciences, including cellular, systems, cognitive, and computational neurobiology, as well as mammalian neuroanatomy. Primary neuroscientific literature will be analyzed, and approaches to studying the nervous system will be examined. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Offered annually (typically fall semester).

KIN 306: Nutritional Sciences
3

This course will explore issues pertinent to the study of health and nutrition for the active individual. This course will analyze concepts and controversies and will emphasize the importance of research and clinical studies in the current nutritional literature. Students will also examine and discuss key concepts concerning the role of nutrition in overall health and well-being for a healthy lifestyle.


KIN 307: Exercise and Gerontology
3

This course is will explore the latest evidence-based research on the effects of aging and will familiarize students with the physiological impacts of aging as it relates to the decline in physical development, cardiovascular and pulmonary functioning, and muscular strength and power. This course will also introduce the effects of declining motor skills as well as other physical-psychosocial relationships associated with aging.

KIN 330: Lifestyle Medicine and Wellness
3

This course will explore the research evidence for lifestyle effects on health and wellness including; nutrition, fluids, physical activity, stress, depression, happiness, sleep, pain management, and addiction; issues in health literacy; lifestyle effects on behavior change and motivation; and the role of lifestyle on chronic disease. Students will learn an alternative way of understanding health and health care compared to the typical pay-for-service or caring for the sick health care model.


KIN 335: Physical Activity and Epidemiology
3

This course will explore the effects of physical activity on chronic disease prevention and health promotion throughout the life span, from clinical and public health perspectives. Discussion and application of real-life physical activity assessment, research, guidelines, and promotion in population levels. Emphasis will be placed on the ability to understand and utilize epidemiology statistics.

KIN 364: Exercise Psychology
3

This course will focus on the psychological understanding of exercise behavior through the examination of psychological, psycho-physiological, and social factors that influence physical activity participation and performance; how participating in physical activity and exercise affect psychological well-being; and the theoretical, methodological, and applied approaches to a variety of topics related to exercise psychology.


KIN 416: Advanced Exercise Physiology
4

As a continuation of KIN 406, this course will survey and evaluate current concepts and literature regarding physiological regulatory mechanisms of oxygen transport and muscle metabolism including the examination of both acute and chronic effects of exercise with an emphasis placed on physiological limitations. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: KIN 406.


KIN 417: Movement Analysis
3

This course will examine the mechanical, structural, and physiological bases of human movement. This course will consist of two parts: (1) introduction of research tools for kinematic and kinetic analysis of human movement and (2) experiment-based projects that apply mechanical principles to the real world human movement situations. Students will engage in advanced study of biomechanical instrumentation systems and will apply mechanical principles to human movement. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: KIN 403.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

