https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/international-students
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

International Students

Majors, Minors, & Programs
Tuition & Costs
Campus & Location
Scholarships
Ranking, Reputation, & Results
Admissions
F1 Visa Process
Admitted Student Checklist
Intl. Student Resources
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS
Academic Programs
WATCH VIDEO
Welcome

Concordia University Irvine is known for providing a challenging education with a global focus, rigorous core curriculum, and excellent international student services. International students are fully integrated into our campus of 5,000 students. You'll enjoy a family-like environment, one-on-one support, and focused attention from faculty and staff.

Our international students quickly become part of the Concordia family as they interact with American students in our residence halls, cafeteria, classrooms, and during informal student activities. Additionally, our American students and professors appreciate and are eager to learn from international students as we work together to promote global connection, international understanding, and cultural sensitivity

 

Get More Information

Want to know more about Concordia University Irvine? Let one of our admissions counselors get in touch with you and answer any questions you might have.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

140+

MAJORS, MINORS, & PROGRAMS

20

AVERAGE CLASS SIZE

20

ATHLETIC TEAMS

50+

STUDENT GROUPS & CLUBS

75° F/ 22° C

AVERAGE TEMPERATURE

Centrally Located

(BEACH, THEATER, MUSEUMS,
STADIUMS, THEME PARKS)

Studying at Concordia

Concordia University has a long history of welcoming and educating students from around the world. Explore degree paths, learn about life at Concordia, and get detailed guidance about the international application process and admissions below.

Majors, Minors, & Programs
Admissions
Scholarships
Tuition & Costs
Campus & Location
Ranking, Reputation, and Results
Admitted Student Checklist
F1 Visa Process
Intl. Student Resource
Seven Reasons to Choose Concordia
Nationally ranked core curriculum that teaches critical thinking skills.
35+ majors in the sciences, arts & humanities, business, and education.
Wide variety of international education programs.
Small class sizes and one-on-one faculty mentoring.
Internship and research opportunities with renowned businesses and academic institutions across Orange County.
Beautiful campus in the heart of Irvine–the safest city of its size in the US and the number one best city to live in (per FBI/OC Register).
Unbeatable location close to beaches, state and national parks, Disneyland, Hollywood, world-class museums and cultural sites and so much more.
Apply Now
START YOUR APPLICATION
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

