) are necessary.

Add/Drop/Withdrawal Policy & Deadlines

Registration forms are located in MyCUI under Tools, MyRegistrar, Registrar Student Forms.

Adding Courses – Full-semester courses may only be added during the first two weeks of the semester, and during the first week for shorter terms. Instructor or Dean/Asst. Dean of the school’s approval is required after the first week via the designated registration form in MyCUI. Core courses may be added in the first two weeks of the semester with the approval of an academic advisor via the Core registration form in MyCUI.

Dropping or Withdrawing from Courses – Full-semester courses may be dropped without record of enrollment during the first two weeks of the semester and during the first week for shorter terms. From week 3 through week 11, courses may be withdrawn from with a “W” with the approval of the instructor or Dean/Assistant Dean of the school. A “W” in a Core Course requires the approval of the Director of General Education. NO COURSES MAY BE WITHDRAWN FROM AFTER WEEK 11.

For tuition penalties/refund information for dropping after the first day of classes, view here.

It is the student’s responsibility to officially drop/withdraw from a course; non-attendance does not constitute a withdrawal. Students should not assume that the University will drop/withdraw them for non-payment of fees or for non-attendance.

Deadlines – Registration deadlines are strictly enforced. It is University policy that students may not petition because of missed deadlines. Please check the Academic Calendar for add/drop/withdrawal and application for degree posting deadlines. If you are unable to make registration changes online, submit the necessary forms to the Registrar’s Office to make schedule changes. Unless otherwise stated, all forms must be complete and are due by 4:30pm (PT) on the deadline.

Waitlist Guidelines

Some courses have a waitlist option. The Master Course Schedule has a column that indicates if a waitlist is available. View the Instructions to Add to a Waitlist for a step by step guide.

How it works: As seats open up in the class, the student has 23 hours to log into MyRecords to self enroll in the course. If you do not take action during the allotted 23-hour period, you will lose your spot on the waitlist and the next student on the list will be offered the open seat. Be sure to check your Eagles email daily so you do not miss out on a spot in the class.

If you're still on a waitlist after the add deadline has passed, you will automatically be removed from the waitlist.

If you have any questions, please email the Registrar’s Office at registrar@cui.edu.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

