https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/undergraduate-program-registration
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar

Registration & Classes 
Graduation
Academic Catalog
Student Records 
Academic Calendar
Forms 
Resources 
Contact Us
Undergraduate Student Registration
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR
Registration Information

Students may view details about their academic record in their Student Profile in MyRecords (click Student, then Student Profile). Refer to the Academic Calendar for specific registration dates for the upcoming semester. Your academic advisor will provide you with more information regarding the courses you need for graduation and can help provide registration assistance if you have any questions.

Undergraduate Academic Advising

Academic Advising for traditional undergraduate students is located on the top floor of Schroeder Library and Learning Commons. Advisors are available to assist students with academic planning, graduation plans, and questions about class schedules and registration. Please refer to the Academic Advising webpage for more information.

Online Bachelor's Degree and Nursing program students should contact their program advisor for assistance.

Special Note on Holds

Students with holds will not be permitted to move into student housing, make changes to class schedules, or register for the next semester. Financial holds will prevent degrees from being evaluated for conferral. Holds may be placed on your account at any time so check for holds periodically.

Steps to check and clear holds:
Go to MyRecords
Click on the Student tab
Select Student Profile
In the top, right corner, view your holds and registration notices
Clear your hold prior to registration or moving in by contacting the department responsible for the hold:
 
Bursar’s Office
(bursar@cui.edu)
(949) 214-3075
Financial Aid
(finaid@cui.edu)
(949) 214-3066
Wellness Center
(wellness@cui.edu)
(949) 214-3102
Registrar’s Office
(registrar@cui.edu)
(949) 214-3078
Campus Safety
(campussafety@cui.edu)
(949) 214-3000

Most office hours are Monday through Friday, 8:00am – 4:30pm.

Register Online

Use the Master Course Schedule to find course offerings by semester. Make an appointment with your academic advisor to plan and review your schedule and to obtain an Alternate Registration PIN required for online registration. (Advisors will contact new and transfer students to assist with first-time enrollment.) Be sure to follow registration instructions from your academic advisor when selecting courses, and submit any required forms ahead of your registration date. Registration forms are located in MyCUI under Tools, MyRegistrar, Registrar Student Forms. Your advisor can help you determine what form(s) are necessary. Students will enroll using MyRecords on their priority registration day.

Click here for detailed registration instructions. If you are using a mobile device such as a cell phone or tablet, please use these instructions.

Schedule Changes

Schedule changes may be made online through MyRecords or by form during the first two weeks of the semester or during the first week for terms shorter than 15 weeks. Refer to the catalog for the policy on Adding, Dropping, and Withdrawing from classes for details. Most registration forms are located in MyCUI under Tools, MyRegistrar, Registrar Student Forms. The Academic Calendar lists registration deadlines for each term.

For a faster registration experience, create a semester registration plan in MyRecords. Click here for detailed instructions. If you are using a mobile device such as a cell phone or tablet, please use these instructions.

If you get a registration error, are planning to repeat a course, or have a time conflict, you will need to submit the appropriate form. Registration forms are located in MyCUI under Tools, MyRegistrar, Registrar Student Forms. Your advisor can help you determine what form(s) are necessary.

Add/Drop/Withdrawal Policy & Deadlines

Registration forms are located in MyCUI under Tools, MyRegistrar, Registrar Student Forms.

Adding Courses – Full-semester courses may only be added during the first two weeks of the semester, and during the first week for shorter terms. Instructor or Dean/Asst. Dean of the school’s approval is required after the first week via the designated registration form in MyCUI. Core courses may be added in the first two weeks of the semester with the approval of an academic advisor via the Core registration form in MyCUI.

Dropping or Withdrawing from Courses – Full-semester courses may be dropped without record of enrollment during the first two weeks of the semester and during the first week for shorter terms. From week 3 through week 11, courses may be withdrawn from with a “W” with the approval of the instructor or Dean/Assistant Dean of the school. A “W” in a Core Course requires the approval of the Director of General Education. NO COURSES MAY BE WITHDRAWN FROM AFTER WEEK 11.

For tuition penalties/refund information for dropping after the first day of classes, view here.

It is the student’s responsibility to officially drop/withdraw from a course; non-attendance does not constitute a withdrawal. Students should not assume that the University will drop/withdraw them for non-payment of fees or for non-attendance.

Deadlines – Registration deadlines are strictly enforced. It is University policy that students may not petition because of missed deadlines. Please check the Academic Calendar for add/drop/withdrawal and application for degree posting deadlines. If you are unable to make registration changes online, submit the necessary forms to the Registrar’s Office to make schedule changes. Unless otherwise stated, all forms must be complete and are due by 4:30pm (PT) on the deadline.

Waitlist Guidelines

Some courses have a waitlist option. The Master Course Schedule has a column that indicates if a waitlist is available. View the Instructions to Add to a Waitlist for a step by step guide.

How it works: As seats open up in the class, the student has 23 hours to log into MyRecords to self enroll in the course. If you do not take action during the allotted 23-hour period, you will lose your spot on the waitlist and the next student on the list will be offered the open seat. Be sure to check your Eagles email daily so you do not miss out on a spot in the class.

If you're still on a waitlist after the add deadline has passed, you will automatically be removed from the waitlist.

If you have any questions, please email the Registrar’s Office at registrar@cui.edu.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

