https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/graduate-program-registration
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar

Registration & Classes 
Graduation
Academic Catalog
Student Records 
Academic Calendar
Forms 
Resources 
Contact Us
Graduate Program Registration
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR
Graduate Program Registration Information

Students may view details about their academic record in their Student Profile in MyRecords (click Student, then Student Profile). Refer to the Academic Calendar for specific registration dates for the upcoming semester. Your academic advisor will provide you with more information regarding the courses you need for graduation and can help provide registration assistance should you have any questions

Academic Advising

Advisors are available to answer questions about class schedules and graduation plans. You will receive your advisor’s contact information upon acceptance to the university. All academic information will be communicated via your Eagles email.

Special Note on Holds

Students with holds will not be permitted to make changes to class schedules or register for the next semester. Additionally, financial holds will prevent degrees from being evaluated for conferral. Holds may be placed on your account at any time so check for holds periodically.

Steps to check and clear holds:
Go to MyRecords.
Click on the Student tab
Select Student Profile
In the top, right corner, you can view your holds and registration notices
Clear your hold prior to registration by contacting the department responsible for the hold:
Bursar’s Office
(bursar@cui.edu)
(949) 214-3075
Financial Aid
(finaid@cui.edu)
(949) 214-3066
Wellness Center
(wellness@cui.edu)
(949) 214-3102
Registrar’s Office
(registrar@cui.edu)
(949) 214-3078
Campus Safety
(campussafety@cui.edu)
(949) 214-3000

Most office hours are Monday through Friday, 8:00am – 4:30pm.

Register Online

Use the Master Course Schedule to find course offerings for each semester. Be sure to follow registration instructions from your Academic Advisor when selecting courses. Students will enroll using MyRecords on their registration day.

Click here for detailed registration instructions. If you are using a mobile device such as a cellphone or tablet, please use these instructions.

Schedule Changes

Schedule changes may be made online through MyRecords or by form during the first two weeks of the semester or during the first week for terms shorter than 15 weeks. Most registration forms are located in MyCUI under Tools, MyRegistrar, Registrar Student Forms. Refer to the catalog for the policy on Adding, Dropping, and Withdrawing from classes for details.

For a faster registration experience, create a semester registration plan in MyRecords. Click here for detailed instructions. If you are using a mobile device such as a cellphone or tablet, please use these instructions.

If you get a registration error, are planning to repeat a course, or will have a time conflict, you will need to submit the appropriate form. Registration forms are located in MyCUI under Tools, MyRegistrar, Registrar Student Forms. Your advisor can help you determine what form(s) are necessary.

Add/Drop/Withdrawal Policy & Deadlines

Registration forms are located in MyCUI under Tools, MyRegistrar, Registrar Student Forms.

Adding Courses – Full-semester courses may only be added during the first two weeks of the semester, and during the first week for shorter terms. Approval is required after the first week and may be obtained via registration form in MyCUI.

Dropping or Withdrawing from Courses – Full-semester courses may be dropped without record of enrollment during the first two weeks of the semester and during the first week for shorter terms. After this time, courses may be withdrawn from with a “W” with the approval of your advisor. NO LATE WITHDRAWALS ARE ACCEPTED. Review the academic calendar for the exact deadlines.

For tuition penalties/refund information for dropping after the first day of classes, view here.

It is the student’s responsibility to officially drop/withdraw from a course, non-attendance does not constitute a withdrawal. Students should not assume that the university will drop/withdraw them for non-payment of fees or for non-attendance. Visit the Registrar’s Office for assistance dropping or withdrawing from courses.

Deadlines – Registration deadlines are strictly enforced. It is University policy that students may not petition because of missed deadlines. Please check the academic calendar for add/drop/withdrawal and application for degree posting deadlines. If you are unable to make registration changes online, submit the necessary forms to the Registrar’s Office to make schedule changes. Unless otherwise stated, all forms must be complete and are due by 4:30pm (PT) on the deadline.

Waitlist Guidelines

Some courses have a waitlist option. The Master Course Schedul