 deadlines.

For tuition penalties/refund information for dropping after the first day of classes, view here.

It is the student’s responsibility to officially drop/withdraw from a course, non-attendance does not constitute a withdrawal. Students should not assume that the university will drop/withdraw them for non-payment of fees or for non-attendance. Visit the Registrar’s Office for assistance dropping or withdrawing from courses.

Deadlines – Registration deadlines are strictly enforced. It is University policy that students may not petition because of missed deadlines. Please check the academic calendar for add/drop/withdrawal and application for degree posting deadlines. If you are unable to make registration changes online, submit the necessary forms to the Registrar’s Office to make schedule changes. Unless otherwise stated, all forms must be complete and are due by 4:30pm (PT) on the deadline.

Waitlist Guidelines

Some courses have a waitlist option. The Master Course Schedule has a column that indicates if a waitlist is available. View the Instructions to Add to a Waitlist for a step by step guide.

How it works: As seats open up in the class, the student has 23 hours to log into MyRecords to self-enroll in the course. If you do not take action during the allotted 23 hour period, you will lose your spot on the waitlist and the next student on the list will be offered the open seat. Be sure to check your Eagles email daily so you do not miss out on a spot in the class.

If you're still on a waitlist after the add deadline has passed, you will automatically be removed from the waitlist.

If you have any questions, please feel free to send us an email at registrar@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

