https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/transcripts
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar

Registration & Classes 
Graduation
Academic Catalog
Student Records 
Academic Calendar
Forms 
Resources 
Contact Us
Transcripts
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR
Official Transcripts

We are pleased to offer eTranscripts, a certified .PDF delivered version of your transcript that is retrieved through the secure National Student Clearinghouse (NCH). Payment for your transcript request will be processed through NCH and your order will be fulfilled by the Office of the Registrar.

Order Status

Once ordered, updates regarding your order status can be received by email or text (carrier data charges may apply) or you may also track your order online through the NCH website.

Hold for Degree/Grades

If you order your transcript and select hold for degree or hold for grades, your order will be held until your degree/grades are posted for that semester.

Do you have documents to include with your official transcript?

You may upload up to 3 attachments with your order. The system can only accept the following upload formats: jpg, jpeg, gif, png, tif, tiff, bmp, eps, ai, pdf, zip, doc and docx. AMCAS and LSAC account numbers are entered during the order process and there is no need to upload as attachments.

Your signed consent may be required to fulfill your transcript order. For your convenience, a consent form will be generated for your order that you can approve instantly online or return via fax, mail, or as a scanned email attachment.
Should you choose Electronic PDF delivery, you should first verify that the recipient is willing to accept your transcript via this delivery method. You cannot forward the transcript to third parties as an official transcript.

Delivery Options, Processing Time, and Fees

Please Note: Electronic PDF transcripts are not available to students who were enrolled prior to Fall 2000.

Electronic PDF: Transcripts are delivered electronically to the specified recipient’s email address.
Processing Time: Same day
Fee: $10.50 for each transcript order
Mail/United States: Transcripts are printed on paper and mailed in a sealed envelope.
Processing Time: Mailed within 2-3 days, typical delivery time 7-10 days after mailing
Fee: $10.50 for one transcript order, $2 for each additional order
Rush - FedEx/United States: Transcripts are printed and sent FedEx overnight
Processing Time: Printed same day and sent FedEx overnight, typical delivery in 1-2 days if ordered before noon
Fee: $35.50 for one transcript order, $2 for each additional order
Hold for Pickup: Transcripts are printed, stamped "Issued to Student", sealed, and held for pick up at the Registrar’s Office on the main campus.
Processing Time: Printed and ready for pickup in 2-3 days.
Fee: $10.50 for each transcript order, $2 for each additional order
FedEx/International: Sent via FedEx only
Processing Time: Printed same day and sent Priority FedEx, typical delivery in 2-3 days
Fee: $40.50 for one transcript order, $2 for each additional order

ORDER NOW

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

