https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/online-bachelors-degrees-transfer-credits
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar

Registration & Classes 
Graduation
Academic Catalog
Student Records 
Academic Calendar
Forms 
Resources 
Contact Us
Online Bachelor's Degree Transfer Credits
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR
Online Bachelor's Degree Transfer Credits Alignments

The following statements describe Concordia University’s transfer credit policies:

Concordia University will accept transfer units completed at undergraduate, degree granting, US institutions fully accredited by one of the regional accrediting bodies. CUI will also accept units from international institutions that are formally recognized by their county's ministry of education (requires course-by-course transcript evaluation by NACES member agency).
Concordia accepts the following General Education certifications to fulfill most of the university’s general education requirements:
Intersegmental General Education Transfer Curriculum (IGETC)
California State University (CSU) General Education Breadth requirements
Associate Degree for Transfer (ADT)
Oregon and Washington’s Direct Transfer Associate degree (DTA). Comparable transfer certifications from other states can be considered on a case-by-case basis.
Associate of Arts (AA) and the Associate of Science (AS) degrees that meet the CSU General Education (CSU GE) Breadth requirements.
Course requirements for the IGETC, CSU General Education Breadth, ADT, DTA, comparable transfer certifications and the AA and AS degrees must be completed prior to matriculating to Concordia. Official transcript with date of completion of degree and certification must be submitted upon completion of all required courses.
A total of ninety (90) semester units are allowed for transfer students, of which a maximum of seventy (70) semester units may be transferred from a regionally accredited community college. Within the 90, up to fifteen (15) semester units of (P) Pass, (CR) Credit or (S) Satisfactory grades will be accepted if it is equivalent to C- or higher grade.
Additionally, within the 90 and 70 semester units, only thirty (30) non-accredited, credit by exam (AP, CLEP, DSST), and/or military credit may be transferred.
Military credits are accepted for elective credit only unless approval is obtained by the appropriate program director or dean. Non-accredited transfer courses are accepted if taken before a student matriculates to Concordia and may be applied to GE requirements and electives if approved by the appropriate program director or dean. To receive credit for AP, CLEP and DSST, official scores must be submitted to the Office of the Registrar prior to the beginning of the student’s final semester at CUI.
Only courses with a grade of C- or higher will apply towards the student’s general education, major, minor, or elective credit. Courses with grades below a C- are not accepted in transfer.
In general, courses presented for transfer from 2-year, regionally accredited institutions that are earned in a certificate or professional training capacity are not eligible for transfer credit. Examples of these programs include, but are not limited to: air conditioning, automotive technology, culinary arts, travel management, paralegal studies, fashion design, childcare, electronics, and medical office assistant.
Developmental courses (for example, pre-college level courses in math or writing, computer applications); whether from 2-year institutions or baccalaureate institutions will not be accepted for transfer credit.
All transfer credit taken at another institution while concurrently enrolled as a CUI student are subject to approval by the appropriate program director or dean before transfer credit will be accepted. (Student Forms found in MyCUI (Tools / MyRegistrar).
Credit By Exam: AP, CLEP, DSST
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

