https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/healthcare-management
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Healthcare Management Major
Curriculum
Faculty
Newsletter
Get Started
Healthcare Management Major
SCHOOL OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Prepare to Lead in Healthcare

There has never been a better time to consider a Bachelor of Arts degree in Healthcare Management. Employment of medical and health services managers is expected to grow 20% from 2016 to 2026 according to the Bureau of Labor and Statistics. Healthcare managers hold jobs in a wide variety of sectors that include: hospitals, clinics, long-term care, information technology, nonprofit organizations, public health, mental health, insurance, marketing, finance, and public policy.

With a focus on professional development and advocacy, the bachelor's degree in Healthcare Management at Concordia University Irvine prepares students for professional positions that enhance the operational efficiency and effectiveness of healthcare and related organizations and improve the delivery of healthcare services. With a deep academic foundation, graduates will be ready to move into the Master of Healthcare Administration at Concordia, or leadership positions within the healthcare industry.

Student Testimonial: Tayler Young
Apply Now

Concordia is proud to be a member of the Association of University Programs in Health Administration (AUPHA), which is an organization dedicated to improving health and healthcare delivery through excellence in healthcare management and health education.

APPLY NOW
What Students are Saying
One thing I have most valued about my time at Concordia is the amount of time that faculty and staff dedicate to the students. Every faculty and staff member I have ever encountered has done all they could to help me succeed.

Kiersten Natzic '19

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Healthcare Management Major are pursuing their passion and creating work in a variety of professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Kirsten Van Holt: A Heart to Help Others

Kirsten Van Holt '18

A 2018 Healthcare Management graduate, Kirsten is currently pursuing her Masters in Healthcare Administration at Concordia and works in her field at MBK.

READ STORY
Tayler Young: Mentored in Leadership

Tayler Young '17

A 2017 Healthcare Management graduate, Tayler is currently working as an Admissions Coordinator for American Addiction Centers. She reflects on vocation, the value of hard work, and coming into her own.

READ STORY
Kiersten Natzic: Faculty Role-Models Help Students Succeed

Kiersten Natzic '19

A 2019 Healthcare Management student, Kiersten Natzic, answers Concordia’s Alumni Questionnaire with reflections on faith, point of view, and lending a helping hand.

READ STORY
Opportunities for Healthcare Management Majors

Healthcare Managers interact daily with physicians, nurses and other healthcare professionals in their involvement in the realm of healthcare. Our relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice your skills outside the classroom.

Real World Experience

The Healthcare Management major educates students for professional positions that enhance the operational efficiency and effectiveness of healthcare and related organizations and improve the delivery of healthcare services. Examples of such positions are: Clinical Director, Practice Administrator, Medical Records Manager, Health and Social Services Manager, and Office Manager. During your senior year you will complete a structured, supervised internship consisting of clinical, community, and project-based components. Some of the places our students have interned:

Autism Spectrum Intervention
Hoag
MBK Senior Living
Miller Children's Hospital, Long Beach
Silverado
St. Joseph's Hospital of Orange
Healthcare Management Curriculum

The Healthcare Management major offers a broad range of courses guided by American College of Healthcare Executives (ACHE) competencies to cover subjects that are needed to be successful in today’s demanding environment.

SAMPLE HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT COURSES
HCM 315: Organizational Behavior, Theory and Design in Healthcare Management
3

This course will provide students with an in-depth analysis of the theories and concepts of organizational behavior and theory while embracing the uniqueness and complexities of healthcare.

HCM 414: Legal Aspects of Healthcare
3

This course will familiarize students with significant legal principles and theories relevant to healthcare administration; provide examples of context in which potential legal problems arise; develop the ability to identify and evaluate potential legal risks related to healthcare administrative and management decisions; and to appropriately utilize leg