ilverado
St. Joseph's Hospital of Orange
Healthcare Management Curriculum

The Healthcare Management major offers a broad range of courses guided by American College of Healthcare Executives (ACHE) competencies to cover subjects that are needed to be successful in today’s demanding environment.

SAMPLE HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT COURSES
HCM 315: Organizational Behavior, Theory and Design in Healthcare Management
3

This course will provide students with an in-depth analysis of the theories and concepts of organizational behavior and theory while embracing the uniqueness and complexities of healthcare.

HCM 414: Legal Aspects of Healthcare
3

This course will familiarize students with significant legal principles and theories relevant to healthcare administration; provide examples of context in which potential legal problems arise; develop the ability to identify and evaluate potential legal risks related to healthcare administrative and management decisions; and to appropriately utilize legal counsel in the decision-making process.

HCM 416: Human Resource Management in Healthcare
3

This course will look at human resource management in healthcare including the principles, methods, and procedures used in the utilization and management of professional and allied health personnel.

HCM 422: Introduction to Gerontology and Mental Health Management
3

This course will introduce and give an overview of the field of gerontology and mental health including current theories, ethical issues, public policy, legal issues, and careers along with the exploration of problems in planning, financing, delivering, and evaluating health services. Administrative structures and public and private delivery systems will also be compared and critiqued.

HCM 424: Marketing and Strategic Planning for Healthcare Organizations
3

This course will study the management of the marketing process, strategy formulation, strategic planning, organizing, budgeting, implementation, and performance assessment specific for healthcare organizations to assist institutions in fulfilling their mission, vision and goals and in helping to define strategies to improve market position and financial performance.

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

One of our greatest strengths at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you as a person and cultivate mentoring relationships with the students they teach. As a Healthcare Management major you will partner with qualified instructors who work in the field and want to propel you toward reaching the goal of entering the healthcare industry.

Dr. Catherine Sinardi, Ed.D. MFT
Program Director and Professor

Dr. Sinardi holds a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from St. Cloud State University and a Master's degree in Counseling from California State University, Long Beach. She became a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist in 2006. In 2011, Dr. Sinardi completed her Doctor of Education degree in Organizational Leadership at the University of La Verne.

Todd Kane, MBA MAED MIT
Assistant Professor

Professor Kane received his Master's of Business Administration with a specialization in Healthcare Administration from Northcentral University. He also has a Master's of Education with a concentration in Organizational Leadership and a Master's in Information Technology with a concentration in computer security and assurance. Professor Kane's experience in business, healthcare, and healthcare administration spans more than 20 years. During that time he has served as the president and CEO of a multi-million dollar private national healthcare recruitment, human resources, and outsourcing firm for more than a decade.

One advantage to smaller class sizes is the opportunity to ask your questions, contribute to classroom discussion, get to know your professors, and be known. This often means you will receive better advising and feedback on your work.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Faculty Publications and News
Perspectives & Insights from Concordia Healthcare Faculty
Healthcare Roundtable

By Orange County Business Journal
Posted on April 19, 2021

Concordia University Irvine’s Director of Healthcare Programs Dr. Catherine Sinardi participated in a Q&A with Healthcare Professionals for the Orange County Business Journal. Take a look at her answers, extracted from the full OCBJ article. 

Read Article 

Three Positives in This Pandemic

By Todd Kane
Posted on May 15, 2020

Yes, there are positives in this pandemic though we may have to look closely to find them. Here are a few of the observations that Professor Kane has made that are surprising, inspiring, and provide c