https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/healthcare-management
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Healthcare Management Major
Curriculum
Faculty
Newsletter
Get Started
Healthcare Management Major
SCHOOL OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Prepare to Lead in Healthcare

There has never been a better time to consider a Bachelor of Arts degree in Healthcare Management. Employment of medical and health services managers is expected to grow 20% from 2016 to 2026 according to the Bureau of Labor and Statistics. Healthcare managers hold jobs in a wide variety of sectors that include: hospitals, clinics, long-term care, information technology, nonprofit organizations, public health, mental health, insurance, marketing, finance, and public policy.

With a focus on professional development and advocacy, the bachelor's degree in Healthcare Management at Concordia University Irvine prepares students for professional positions that enhance the operational efficiency and effectiveness of healthcare and related organizations and improve the delivery of healthcare services. With a deep academic foundation, graduates will be ready to move into the Master of Healthcare Administration at Concordia, or leadership positions within the healthcare industry.

Student Testimonial: Tayler Young
Apply Now

Concordia is proud to be a member of the Association of University Programs in Health Administration (AUPHA), which is an organization dedicated to improving health and healthcare delivery through excellence in healthcare management and health education.

APPLY NOW
What Students are Saying
One thing I have most valued about my time at Concordia is the amount of time that faculty and staff dedicate to the students. Every faculty and staff member I have ever encountered has done all they could to help me succeed.

Kiersten Natzic '19

Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s Healthcare Management Major are pursuing their passion and creating work in a variety of professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Kirsten Van Holt: A Heart to Help Others

Kirsten Van Holt '18

A 2018 Healthcare Management graduate, Kirsten is currently pursuing her Masters in Healthcare Administration at Concordia and works in her field at MBK.

READ STORY
Tayler Young: Mentored in Leadership

Tayler Young '17

A 2017 Healthcare Management graduate, Tayler is currently working as an Admissions Coordinator for American Addiction Centers. She reflects on vocation, the value of hard work, and coming into her own.

READ STORY
Kiersten Natzic: Faculty Role-Models Help Students Succeed

Kiersten Natzic '19

A 2019 Healthcare Management student, Kiersten Natzic, answers Concordia’s Alumni Questionnaire with reflections on faith, point of view, and lending a helping hand.

READ STORY
Opportunities for Healthcare Management Majors

Healthcare Managers interact daily with physicians, nurses and other healthcare professionals in their involvement in the realm of healthcare. Our relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice your skills outside the classroom.

Real World Experience

The Healthcare Management major educates students for professional positions that enhance the operational efficiency and effectiveness of healthcare and related organizations and improve the delivery of healthcare services. Examples of such positions are: Clinical Director, Practice Administrator, Medical Records Manager, Health and Social Services Manager, and Office Manager. During your senior year you will complete a structured, supervised internship consisting of clinical, community, and project-based components. Some of the places our students have interned:

Autism Spectrum Intervention
Hoag
MBK Senior Living
Miller Children's Hospital, Long Beach
Silverado
St. Joseph's Hospital of Orange
Healthcare Management Curriculum

The Healthcare Management major offers a broad range of courses guided by American College of Healthcare Executives (ACHE) competencies to cover subjects that are needed to be successful in today’s demanding environment.

SAMPLE HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT COURSES
HCM 315: Organizational Behavior, Theory and Design in Healthcare Management
3

This course will provide students with an in-depth analysis of the theories and concepts of organizational behavior and theory while embracing the uniqueness and complexities of healthcare.

HCM 414: Legal Aspects of Healthcare
3

This course will familiarize students with significant legal principles and theories relevant to healthcare administration; provide examples of context in which potential legal problems arise; develop the ability to identify and evaluate potential legal risks related to healthcare administrative and management decisions; and to appropriately utilize legal counsel in the decision-making process.

HCM 416: Human Resource Management in Healthcare
3

This course will look at human resource management in healthcare including the principles, methods, and procedures used in the utilization and management of professional and allied health personnel.

HCM 422: Introduction to Gerontology and Mental Health Management
3

This course will introduce and give an overview of the field of gerontology and mental health including current theories, ethical issues, public policy, legal issues, and careers along with the exploration of problems in planning, financing, delivering, and evaluating health services. Administrative structures and public and private delivery systems will also be compared and critiqued.

HCM 424: Marketing and Strategic Planning for Healthcare Organizations
3

This course will study the management of the marketing process, strategy formulation, strategic planning, organizing, budgeting, implementation, and performance assessment specific for healthcare organizations to assist institutions in fulfilling their mission, vision and goals and in helping to define strategies to improve market position and financial performance.

VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

One of our greatest strengths at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you as a person and cultivate mentoring relationships with the students they teach. As a Healthcare Management major you will partner with qualified instructors who work in the field and want to propel you toward reaching the goal of entering the healthcare industry.

Dr. Catherine Sinardi, Ed.D. MFT
Program Director and Professor

Dr. Sinardi holds a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from St. Cloud State University and a Master's degree in Counseling from California State University, Long Beach. She became a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist in 2006. In 2011, Dr. Sinardi completed her Doctor of Education degree in Organizational Leadership at the University of La Verne.

Todd Kane, MBA MAED MIT
Assistant Professor

Professor Kane received his Master's of Business Administration with a specialization in Healthcare Administration from Northcentral University. He also has a Master's of Education with a concentration in Organizational Leadership and a Master's in Information Technology with a concentration in computer security and assurance. Professor Kane's experience in business, healthcare, and healthcare administration spans more than 20 years. During that time he has served as the president and CEO of a multi-million dollar private national healthcare recruitment, human resources, and outsourcing firm for more than a decade.

One advantage to smaller class sizes is the opportunity to ask your questions, contribute to classroom discussion, get to know your professors, and be known. This often means you will receive better advising and feedback on your work.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Faculty Publications and News
Perspectives & Insights from Concordia Healthcare Faculty
Healthcare Roundtable

By Orange County Business Journal
Posted on April 19, 2021

Concordia University Irvine’s Director of Healthcare Programs Dr. Catherine Sinardi participated in a Q&A with Healthcare Professionals for the Orange County Business Journal. Take a look at her answers, extracted from the full OCBJ article. 

Read Article 

Three Positives in This Pandemic

By Todd Kane
Posted on May 15, 2020

Yes, there are positives in this pandemic though we may have to look closely to find them. Here are a few of the observations that Professor Kane has made that are surprising, inspiring, and provide confidence that we will get through this.

Read Article 

Get in Touch

For more information about the Healthcare Management major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

Catherine Sinardi, Ed.D. MFT
Program Director and Professor
catherine.sinardi@cui.edu
(949) 214-3602

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

