https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/disclosures
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar

Registration & Classes 
Graduation
Academic Catalog
Student Records 
Academic Calendar
Forms 
Resources 
Contact Us
Disclosures
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR
Student Complaint Resources

For students taking distance education (online) courses, please use the following link to view state complaint contacts.

COMPLAINT CONTACTS

State Authorization and Licensure

States and U.S. territories determine through a formal application process if Concordia University Irvine (CUI) has the authority to issue degrees and operate within a state or jurisdiction. CUI is not required to be authorized in every state. Students are responsible for determining if they are able to fulfill their program’s requirements from their state.

For more information, please contact the Registrar’s office at (949) 214-3746.

State Map

Map Key

For online course availability, internships, field placements, practicum availability, complaint contacts and adverse action information click on the color-coded button in the desired state.

Green - Authorized or Exempt
Orange - Authorized in some programs
Yellow - Has not made a determination
Red - Not authorized
Adverse Actions

None.

Refund Policy

For more information about Concordia University Irvine refunds, please visit the refunds page.

Professional Licensure

Concordia University Irvine is located in the state of California. Prior to enrolling in an academic program that leads to Professional Licensure or Certification, seek guidance from the appropriate licensing agency in your state or U.S. Territory of interest.

Licensure Disclosure

Concordia University Irvine has not yet determined whether or not its programs meet the licensing requirements in other states. Please inquire with your specific program to get more information.

State Notifications
‌
Alaska

Concordia University Irvine is exempt from authorization under AS 14.48 and 20 AAC 17.015 because the program is online or distance delivered and does not have a physical presence in the state.

‌
Louisiana

Concordia University Irvine is currently licensed by the Board of Regents of the State of Louisiana. Licenses are renewed by the State Board of Regents every two years. Licensed institutions have met minimal operational standards set forth by the state, but licensure does not constitute accreditation, guarantee the transferability of credit, nor signify that programs are certifiable by any professional agency or organization.

‌
Minnesota

Concordia University Irvine is registered with the Minnesota Office of Higher Education pursuant to Minnesota Statutes sections 136A.61 to 136A.71. Registration is not an endorsement of the institution. Credits earned at the institution may not transfer to all other institutions.

‌
Texas

Concordia University Irvine is not regulated in Texas under Chapter 132 of the Texas Education Code

‌
Virginia

Concordia University Irvine is certified to operate by the State Council of Higher Education for Virginia. The transferability of credits earned at the school is at the sole discretion of the receiving institution. Completion of the M.A. Counseling program is sufficient to meet licensure requirements in Virginia.

‌
Washington

Concordia University Irvine is authorized by the Washington Student Achievement Council and meets the requirements and minimum educational standards established for degree-granting institutions under the Degree-Granting Institutions Act. This authorization is subject to periodic review and authorizes Concordia University Irvine to offer field placement components for specific degree programs. The Council may be contacted for a list of currently authorized programs. Authorization by the Council does not carry with it an endorsement by the Council of the institution or its programs. Any person desiring information about the requirements of the act or the applicability of those requirements to the institution may contact the Council at P.O. Box 43430, Olympia, WA 98504-3430 or by email at degreeauthorization@wsac.wa.gov.

The transferability of credits earned at Concordia University Irvine is at the discretion of the receiving college, university, or other educational institution. Students considering transferring to any institution should not assume that credits earned in any program of study at Concordia University Irvine will be accepted by the receiving institution. Similarly, the ability of a degree, certificate, diploma, or other academic credential earned at Concordia University Irvine to satisfy an admission requirement of another institution is at the discretion of the receiving institution. Accreditation does not guarantee credentials or credits earned at Concordia University Irvine will be accepted by or transferred to another institution. To minimize the risk of having to repeat coursewor