 a student's educational records?
Concordia University does not request parental tax forms and therefore does not release non-directory information to parents. Please have your son or daughter request the information you seek.
‌
How can a parent access student information for their student?
Parent can have access only if the student is willing to release information.
Student must complete a FERPA release form. Please contact the Office of the Registrar directly by visiting the office on the first floor of Grimm Hall north.
‌
How can a student withhold directory information?
How can a student request that their information be withheld?
The student must request that information be withheld on or before census day for regular terms, the 2nd class day of the January mini-mester, or prior to the beginning of the summer terms by completing a Request to Prevent Disclosure of Directory Information form to prevent release of directory information.
A directory hold will be put on the academic record whenever the student requests it during the semester; however, we cannot be responsible for any information released after the above dates but prior to receipt of form in the Registrar's Office.
The directory hold remains in effect until the student requests in writing that it be removed.

All screens in Banner should display "CONFIDENTIAL" if a directory hold has been placed.

‌
What documents does a student not have a right to see?
Financial information submitted by parents
Confidential letters and recommendations placed in student's file before 1/1/75
Confidential letters, etc., associated with admissions, employment, job placement or honors to which a student has waived rights of inspection and review
Educational records containing information about other students such as grades, test scores, etc.
‌
What information can we release without student consent?

The law allows disclosure without consent to:

School employees who have a legitimate educational interest
Other schools, upon request, in which a student is seeking or intending to enroll
Accrediting organizations
Organizations doing certain studies for or on behalf of the University
Appropriate parties in connection with financial aid to a student to determine eligibility, amount or conditions of financial aid, or to enforce the terms and conditions of aid
Parents when a student over 18 is still a dependent (see additional information under parental rights)
Certain government officials of the U. S. Department of Education, the Comptroller General, and state and local educational authorities, in connection with an audit, authorized representatives of the U. S. Attorney General for law enforcement purposes or state or federally supported education programs
Individuals who have obtained a judicial order or subpoena
School officials who have a need to know concerning disciplinary action taken against a student
Appropriate parties who need to know in cases of health and safety emergencies when necessary to protect the health and safety of the student and/or others
State and local authorities, within the juvenile justice system, pursuant to specific state law
Alleged victim of a crime of violence that results of a disciplinary proceeding with respect to that crime
Parent or legal guardian of a student under the age of 21, information regarding any violation of university policy or state, federal or local law, governing the use or possession of alcohol or a controlled substance
Those requesting directory information on a student provided the student has not requested his or her information be withheld
‌
What are 2 basic steps to comply with the law?
1. Notify current students annually in writing of their rights under FERPA.
Right to seek amendment or correction of educational records
Right to have some control over the disclosure of information from education records except when release is permitted by law
Right to file complaints with the Family Policy Compliance Office, United States Department of Education, within 180 days of alleged violation
Since CUI has a policy of disclosing personally identifiable information to school officials:
The criteria for determining school officials
A description of what constitutes legitimate educational interest

Student rights are published in the Catalog each year under "Public Information Policy and Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act."

2. Grant access by students or parents, if applicable, to education records.
Students and former students have the right to inspect and review their education records through established procedures.
Within a maximum of 45 days after written request is received.
Institution or agency is not required to provide a copy of the education record unless failure to do so would deny access.
Records cannot be destroyed if request is pending.
Fee can be charged unless cost prohibits access.
Students and former students have the right to review records of requests for disclosure of their personally ident