https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/registrar/ferpa
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of the Registrar

Registration & Classes 
Graduation
Academic Catalog
Student Records 
Academic Calendar
Forms 
Resources 
Contact Us
FERPA
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 as Amended
What is FERPA (Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974), as Amended?
FERPA is a Federal Law
Also known as the Buckley Amendment
Protects the privacy of a student's educational records
Applies to all educational agencies or institutions that receive funds under any program administered by the Secretary of Education

All employees requesting access to systems containing student records (i.e. MyRecords, Banner) are required to have training in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, as Amended (FERPA). 

‌
What are and are not education records?
Records: handwriting, print, computer, videotape, audiotape, film, microfilm, microfiche or e-mail of an institution that contain information directly related to the student and are maintained by an agency or institution or party acting in its behalf.
Educational Records include, but are not limited to:
Academic
Housing
Financial Aid
Student Account
Disciplinary Files (that are not law enforcement records)
Education records do not include
Records/notes in sole possession of maker not accessible or revealed to any other person except a temporary substitute
Medical and Counseling records
Employment records when employment is not contingent on being a student, provided the record is used only in relation to the individual's employment
Records created and maintained by a law enforcement unit used only for that purpose, is revealed only to law enforcement agencies of the same jurisdiction, and the enforcement unit does not have access to education records
Information on a person that was obtained when no longer a student (i.e., alumni records) and does not relate to the person as a student
‌
What is directory or public information?

". . . information contained in an education record of a student which would not generally be considered harmful or an invasion of privacy if disclosed." (1988 Final Regulations)

Directory Information can NEVER include:
Social security number or student identification number
Race
Ethnicity
Nationality
Gender

See Concordia University Directory Information for those items that can be released. Before releasing any information, check with the Office of the Registrar for those with directory holds. 

Can directory information be released to anyone who requests it?
NO - If the student has requested that directory information be withheld, no information can be released outside of CUI except as provided by law, OR to anyone within CUI who does NOT have a need to know.
YES - If the student has NOT requested that directory information be withheld.
‌
What is directory information at Concordia University Irvine?
Concordia University Irvine considers the following to be Directory Information:
Student's full name
Local Address
Email Address
Permanent Address
Telephone listings: Local & Permanent
Date and place of birth
Major field of study
Degrees and awards received
Dates of attendance
Most recent previous school attended
Classification, including status (Full-time, Part-time, etc.)
Participation in officially recognized activities and sports
Weight and height of members of athletic teams

Please note that class schedule is not open directory information and cannot be released to anyone at Concordia University that does not have a "need to know" or to anyone outside of the University except as provided by law.

‌
What are parental rights under FERPA?
FERPA gives certain rights to parents regarding their children's educational records.
Rights transfer to the student upon reaching 18 years of age OR attending any school beyond the secondary level.
‌
When may a parent access a student's educational records?
Concordia University does not request parental tax forms and therefore does not release non-directory information to parents. Please have your son or daughter request the information you seek.
‌
How can a parent access student information for their student?
Parent can have access only if the student is willing to release information.
Student must complete a FERPA release form. Please contact the Office of the Registrar directly by visiting the office on the first floor of Grimm Hall north.
‌
How can a student withhold directory information?
How can a student request that their information be withheld?
The student must request that information be withheld on or before census day for regular terms, the 2nd class day of the January mini-mester, or prior to the beginning of the summer terms by completing a Request to Prevent Disclosure of Directory Information form to prevent release of directory information.
A directory hold will be put on the academic re