rtment of Education, within 180 days of alleged violation
Since CUI has a policy of disclosing personally identifiable information to school officials:
The criteria for determining school officials
A description of what constitutes legitimate educational interest

Student rights are published in the Catalog each year under "Public Information Policy and Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act."

2. Grant access by students or parents, if applicable, to education records.
Students and former students have the right to inspect and review their education records through established procedures.
Within a maximum of 45 days after written request is received.
Institution or agency is not required to provide a copy of the education record unless failure to do so would deny access.
Records cannot be destroyed if request is pending.
Fee can be charged unless cost prohibits access.
Students and former students have the right to review records of requests for disclosure of their personally identifiable information.
Institution needs to maintain records of requests and make them available to students.
‌
What are institutional policy and notification requirements?

As of December 31, 1996, an institution is no longer required to have a written institutional policy.

The benefit of having a policy is that we have guidelines to follow.
CUI has a written policy in the CUI UNIVERSITY HANDBOOK, Policy No. 481.2
CUI notifies students of their rights under FERPA during fall and spring registration, and in the CUI catalog
‌
What can happen if we fail to follow the law?
Lawsuit
Loss of federal funding
Conviction of a misdemeanor under the Public Information Act
Confinement in the county jail not to exceed 6 months or fine not to exceed $1,000 or both
Dismissal/loss of employment
‌
What if I have a question on what can or cannot be released under FERPA?
Remember . . .When in doubt, don't give it out!
You may not log in under other users account or share your MyRecords Account information with anyone else.
Instructors! Only you as the instructor of record may access your class information. At no time may a work study, aide or anyone else not affiliated with the course access student data through MyRecords.
Instructional Aid be may added to your Blackboard as a grading assistant; however, at no time should you share your ID and PIN for MyRecords.
If you have any questions on what you can or cannot release, call the Registrar's Office (x3081).

 

For more information on FERPA, visit the website of the Family Policy Compliance Office

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

