https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/university-services/conferencing-event-services
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

University Services

Conferencing & Events
Maintenance & Facilities
Room Reservations
Transportation Services
Meet the Team
Forms 
Conferencing & Events
UNIVERSITY SERVICES
Conferencing & Event Services

Outside individuals and organizations, Concordia University Irvine-affiliated organizations, and department sponsored organizations can request to use on-campus facilities and resources for meetings, events, and conferences. These requests are managed by University Services through Conferencing Services. Any request is reviewed and either approved or denied by the Facility Use Committee. 

If approved, Conferencing Services manages the event as the University’s representative. This includes items such as the event contract (facility usage specifications and pricing), insurance, space and resource use, meal use, parking and traffic planning, and communication with the organization.

Conferencing Services coordinates the arrival of the groups, interfaces with the group during the event, and manages departures after the event ends. Invoices and payment receipts are also managed by Conferencing Services.

Event Management

All events that occur on-campus should start with a request in Coursedog. If the event is approved and resources are required, University Services will assist in the event management.

While resources vary widely, the most common resources, such as tables, chairs, and EZ-Up tents can be requested in Coursedog when submitting an event request. These resources will be set up prior to the event and taken down after the event by the Facility Services (Aramark) set-up team. Event Management also includes set-up and resources coordination for major events such as Opening Services and Fall Commencement, set-up and preparation of courts and fields for athletic competitions, and set-up for music and large gathering events such as concerts and convocations.

Conference & Event Spaces
Previous
Next

The Facilities Brochure has a complete list with images of our spaces.

Submit Your Request

In order to provide you with the best possible service, please use the forms below to provide any information you can about your needs.

CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE CO-SPONSORED EVENTS

NON CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE EVENTS- TURTLE ROCK CAMPUS

NON-CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY IRVINE EVENTS - SPECTRUM CAMPUS

Please note: This does not guarantee scheduling of your conference/event.

For any questions, please contact Bri Soto at brianna.soto@cui.edu.

Coursedog Reservations

University Services manages the campus master calendar through the Coursedog software program. All events that happen on Concordia University Irvine’s campus should be scheduled in Coursedog, usually based on the space and resources the event requires. Coursedog is available to Concordia University Irvine employees only.

LEARN MORE

Guest Information
Campus Map
Campus Safety
Local Restaurants, Entertainment, & Health Care
Frequently Asked Questions
‌
What type of spaces do you offer & at what cost?

We mostly offer classroom spaces with a few bigger multipurpose spaces to hold larger groups. If you would like to inquire about pricing please email brianna.soto@cui.edu.

‌
Do you offer overnight stay? What comes with that?

Yes, we do offer overnight stay in our student dorms. There are 2 people to one side of the suite with a total of 4 people to a dorm, with a shared bathroom in the middle. We can provide curtains, linens and toilet paper. Guests are required to bring their own blankets, pillows, toiletries, etc.

‌
Do you have meal services on campus?

Yes, we do offer breakfast, lunch and dinner. For questions about food services, please contact Craig Irby at craig.irby@cui.edu.

‌
Can I park my bus or van on campus?

Yes. The gate attendant will direct you where to park your larger vehicle.

‌
Can I have AV support for an event?

Yes, there is a cost associated with this request. We offer livestream and recording services.

Contact Us

Davis Garton
Director of Campus Services
949-214-3143
davis.garton@cui.edu

Brianna Soto
Conferencing and Events Manager
949-214-3145
brianna.soto@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

