https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/university-services/maintenance-facilities
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

University Services

Conferencing & Events
Maintenance & Facilities
Room Reservations
Transportation Services
Meet the Team
Forms 
Maintenance & Facilities
UNIVERSITY SERVICES
Facility Management

Concordia University Irvine is responsible for making sure that the facilities and their services meet the needs of the Students, Staff and Faculty that work in them. Facility Management is responsible for services such as cleaning, security, grounds and parking to make sure the surrounding environment is in a suitable condition to work.

Maintenance

Maintenance includes the upkeep and improvements performed to the campus’s facilities, including buildings, sports fields, roads, grounds and classrooms for the purpose of maintaining a quality learning environment.

Grounds

The grounds maintenance department is responsible for the exterior maintenance and repair of the landscape and hardscape areas throughout the campus including the sports fields.

Janitorial

Janitorial services include general cleaning of the campus and keeping it maintained and in good condition. Duties of the janitorial staff include vacuuming, sweeping and mopping the floors, cleaning and stocking the restrooms, cleaning up spills with appropriate equipment, and performing minor repairs.

Facility Use Committee

The Facility Use Committee reviews and approves the Concordia University Irvine Annual Master Events Calendar, reviews non-Concordia University Irvine and co-sponsored event requests, manages Concordia University Irvine’s yearly Special Event allotment, reviews and sets campus policies related to events held on-campus and the use of Concordia University Irvine’s facilities, and reviews Concordia University Irvine’s annual special events report for the City of Irvine. Additional duties of the committee also include the use of Concordia University Irvine facilities as related to traffic management, conferencing, revenue generation, student recruitment, city, community, and church relations, and adherence to Concordia University Irvine’s Mission Statement. The committee meets biweekly year-round as needed and is chaired by Tim Odle, Vice President of University Operations & Athletics. University Services is responsible for creating the agenda for the Facility Use Committee meetings, managing facility use requests for review by the committee, writing and submitting the annual special events report to the City of Irvine, and managing the Annual Master Events Calendar process.

Maintenance & Janitorial Needs for Faculty & Staff

All Faculty and Staff can submit their own requests using Helpdesk. Using this system, you can submit a request and track its status to completion. You will receive a confirmation email once you submit your request notifying you that your work order was received. You can then track the status in your Helpdesk profile. Please be as specific as possible with these requests to be of better assistance to you.

Maintenance Requests for Students

All student maintenance requests need to go through the Helpdesk.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

