https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/university-services-beta/room-reservations
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

University Services

Conferencing & Events
Maintenance & Facilities
Room Reservations
Transportation Services
Meet the Team
Forms 
Room Reservations
UNIVERSITY SERVICES
Master Calendar

University Services manages the campus master calendar through the Coursedog software program. All events that happen on Concordia University Irvine's campus should be scheduled in Coursedog, usually based on the space and resources the event requires. Events are registered in Coursedog to help the University keep accurate records of events, prevent events from space use conflicts, organize resources for events, and manage traffic inflow and outflow through the Campus Safety Department. Annual and seasonal events are compiled and approved by the Facility Use Committee during the Spring semester. Coursework is scheduled in Coursedog by the Registrar’s Office through the Banner interface system. Other events and meetings are requested by Concordia University Irvine departments through Coursedog as needed and confirmed by University Services. A confirmation indicates that the space and resources requested are available.

If you have not reserved before, or it has been a while since you last reserved a room, please review these brief directions before you make a reservation.

You are requesting the room and the equipment (seating, AV, etc.) generally found in that room.
If you have questions about how to use the equipment in any of the rooms, please contact ITS at 949-214-3175 or ITS@cui.edu.
If you are requesting food service, make that request directly to Craig Irby with Bon Appetit: craig.irby@cui.edu. You MUST include your organization-account number on the request. Food service requests without this charge number will not be processed.
Do NOT request any food service using the online form.

Do NOT consider a room officially reserved until you receive an email confirmation of the reservation.

ACCESS SCHEDULING SOFTWARE

For login credentials or questions, please contact Bri Soto at brianna.soto@cui.edu.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

