https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/business/healthcare-management
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Business Administration Major
Emphases 
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION MAJOR
Healthcare Management Emphasis
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Follow Your Callings to Improve Healthcare Services

The healthcare management emphasis prepares business students to take advantage of the career opportunities that the changing healthcare industry provides in a wide variety of sectors including: hospitals, clinics, long-term care, information technology, nonprofit organizations, public health, mental health, insurance, marketing, finance, and public policy. This unique business emphasis in healthcare management focuses on professional development and advocacy with a business perspective on quality, cost, and access of care while preparing students for professional positions that will enhance the operational efficiency and effectiveness of healthcare and related organizations, while improving the delivery of healthcare services.

APPLY NOW

What Students Are Saying
Concordia's School of Business and Economics has made a difference in my life, and I owe many thanks to the staff and faculty that have supported me throughout these last four years. The textbook knowledge supported by the real world experiences from the professors has added much value for my future business career. I know that the financial and time investment into my education was definitely worth it, and I will carry this experience with me as I transition into my career. Additionally, I have lifelong mentors and coaches in my Concordia professors that I will be reliant upon as my career advances. Thank you, Concordia School of Business and Economics.

Nathan Schult

B.A. Business Administration, Accounting
B.A. Business Administration, Finance

 
 

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
IACBE Accreditation

As you research Business Schools, you may notice that some business programs are accredited by organizations with long acronyms such as AACSB, IACBE, and ACBSP. What is accreditation and why does it matter? Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. The Concordia School of Business and Economics chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with IACBE to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

LEARN MORE
Where Our Alumni Are Working

The value of an education is demonstrated by the success our graduates enjoy upon completion of their degree. Concordia University Irvine grads are respected in the many industries in which they find skillful work. Here are just a few of the places our alumni have recently been employed.

Adidas
Albertsons Companies, Inc.
KPMG
Los Angeles Clippers
Marriott
Misty May Treanor Sports Complex
Northwestern Mutual
Walt Disney Co.
Opportunities For Business Majors

Today's employers are looking for applicants that work well with a team, are good at decision-making and have excellent communication skills. Our Career Services Office, Business Department, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice these skills outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Business Administration major, you can combine your business emphasis with an additional business emphasis (dual emphasis), a related business minor, another major (dual major), or a pre-professional program. Opportunities also exist where you can earn a dual degree by studying in Paris for a year or transition directly into our MBA program.

Accounting Minor
Business Minor
Business Data Analytics Minor
Economics Minor
Marketing Minor
Sports Business Minor
Economics Major
Actuarial Science Program
Pre-Business Program
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
School of Business and Economics
Extracurricular Activities

The School of Business and Economics offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions with business students from other universities.

Business Insights Series
Center for Global Business
Center for Civics Education
Delta Sigma Pi Business Fraternity
Enactus
Institute for Strategic Marketing
LCEF National Student Marketing Competition
International Business Club
Sports Management Club
Internships

Every student pursuing a bachelor degree in business is required to complete an internship before graduation. Concordia enjoys good working relationships with a large number of businesses in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

Automobile Club of Southern California
Bank of America
Disneyland Resort
Make-A-Wish Foundation
Merrill Lynch
New York Life Insurance Company
Northwestern Mutual
Oakley, Inc.
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Quiksilver
TOMS Shoes
Western Digital Corporation
Curriculum

This flowchart shows the required business emphasis courses you will need to take to earn your Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration: Healthcare Management emphasis. If you have any questions, please contact your Academic Advisor.

BUSINESS CORE
54 Units
ACT 211: Financial Accounting
3

Basic elements of accounting and methods of gathering and reporting financial data will be examined in this course, including a study of financial statements, journalizing financial transactions, merchandising activities, investments in property, plant and equipment; and depreciation as it applies to corporations. Prerequisite: BUS 201.

ACT 212: Managerial Accounting
3

This decision-making course will be based on accounting concepts and will include equity financing, introduction to management accounting, cost terms and concepts, cost accumulation systems, product costing systems, and analyzing cost behavior patterns, including cost-volume-profit relationships. Prerequisite: ACT 211.

BUS 224: Business Writing and Presentations
1

This course will be a study and practice of effective strategies for clear business communication in both written and oral forms, as well as the technology to access and share information.


BUS 251: Legal Environment of Business
3

This course prepares students to think factually and analytically at the areas of law that affect agreements and commerce between individuals and entities in the areas of, but not limited to, contracts, torts, entity formation, agency, real property, estate and trusts and investor protection.


BUS 261: Business Analysis Tools and Business Statistics
3

This course will focus on business analysis and problem solving strategies through the application of Microsoft Excel and deployment of business statistics analytics.


BUS 483: Business Ethics
3

The purpose of this course is to develop a foundation for business ethical decision making and ethical evaluation. The focus includes global and domestic economic, social and legal environmental issues. Ideals, laws and values are evaluated with application of Business Ethics theory and philosophy. Case studies and classical literature underscore learning modalities embracing ethical decision making and analysis. A culmination of previous work is applied. Prerequisites: Business or Economics major with Senior standing.


ECO 201: Macroeconomics
3

This is a survey course of the scope and methods of the study of the principles of macroeconomics. Topics will include decision-making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the determination of prices, the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems, international trade and foreign exchange, financial markets, the role and objectives of government in economic policy.


OR

ECO 202: Microeconomics
3

This is a course covering principles of microeconomics. Topics will include decision‐making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the determination of prices, international trade, elements of industrial organization and varying degrees of competition, and the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems.

FIN 331: Finance
3

This is an introductory course to the principles and practices of managerial finance, sources and methods of raising capital, cash flow analysis, financial statement analysis, financial markets, and stockholder equity concerns. Additional concepts will include decision making with risk and use of operation and financial leverage. Prerequisites: General education math requirements and ACT 211.

MGT 321: Management
3

This introductory course will look at the areas of planning, organizing, staffing, and controlling with an emphasis on responsibility and authority, delegation and decentralization, line-staff relationship organization charting, communication, and reaction to change Interpersonal skills, motivation, leadership, and organizational resource management will also be studied. Prerequisites: BUS 201 and BUS 224. Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

MKT 341: Marketing
3

This is a survey course of marketing principles and theory. The course supports a practical applied approach to the marketing mix, consumer and industrial markets, market research, plus the challenges of the competitive marketplace. The course also includes an introduction to the issues of globalization. Prerequisite: BUS 201. Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

STRATEGY OPTIONS
Units
Choose 1 of the following courses based on emphasis selected:
BDA 475: Business Data Analytics Thesis
3

This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses. Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: Business Major with Senior Standing and FIN 331 and MGT 321 and MKT 341.

BUS 475: Business Strategy
3

This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses. Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: Business Major with Senior Standing and FIN 331 and MGT 321 and MKT 341.

ECO 485: Economic Major Thesis
3

This capstone course will integrate and apply key economic theory and models through the student's original choice of research; evaluation of the thesis will be by committee. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisite: Senior status Economics major and ECO 221 and ECO 321.

HCM 475: Senior Seminar in Healthcare
3

This course is designed to provide integration and application of theory learned throughout the healthcare management program. The course is a culminating demonstration that reflects student knowledge of both course curriculum and university program outcomes. The assessment instrument includes a comprehensive analytical paper and oral presentation. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: BUS 224 and [HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed)] and Senior standing.

INB 475: International Business Strategy
3

This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses. Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: Business Major with Senior Standing and FIN 331 and MGT 321 and MKT 341.

MKT 475: Marketing Strategy
3

This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses. Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: Marketing emphasis with senior standing and FIN 331 and MGT 321 and MKT 371 and MKT 442.

Internship
HCM 490A: Internship: Healthcare Administration Emphasis
3

This course will provide a structured, supervised internship in the healthcare industry consisting of community and project-based component. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: Senior standing.


HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT EMPHASIS
21 Units
HCM 312: Management of Healthcare Organizations
3

This course will serve as an introduction to and provide the foundation for a better understanding of the relevant theories, tools, and applications, recent trends, and issues needed to address operational issues that healthcare managers face.


HCM 414: Legal Aspects of Healthcare
3

This course will familiarize students with significant legal principles and theories relevant to healthcare administration; provide examples of context in which potential legal problems arise; develop the ability to identify and evaluate potential legal risks related to healthcare administrative and management decisions; and to appropriately utilize legal counsel in the decision-making process. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 415: Health Information Systems
3

This course will examine the use of information systems in healthcare organizations as students are introduced to the types of healthcare data and information, the various systems used throughout the healthcare industry, the technology utilized by these systems, and the IT challenges facing healthcare administrators. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 424: Marketing and Strategic Planning for Healthcare Organizations
3

This course will study the management of the marketing process, strategy formulation, strategic planning, organizing, budgeting, implementation, and performance assessment specific for healthcare organizations to assist institutions in fulfilling their mission, vision and goals and in helping to define strategies to improve market position and financial performance. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 425: Financial Management of Healthcare Organizations
3

This course will cover selected topics in both the financial and managerial aspects of the U.S. healthcare industry, both philosophically and theologically, with issues being evaluated and presented from the perspective of all key stakeholders including the consumer, providers, provider-organizations, payers, and government. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

Choose 2 of the following courses:
BDA 337: Introduction to Business Data Analytics
3

This is an introductory course teaching applied job skills in close connection to the concepts and theories that drive the daily decisions relevant to data analysis and business intelligence. Each module focuses on a primary theme with real world cases where students will start by grappling with business problems and the underlying data to methodically drill down and solve problems from a technical approach. A few of these topics include, applications of statistics, data visualization tools in Excel, linear regression, time‐series, classification algorithms, and bias in data.

HCM 315: Organizational Behavior, Theory and Design in Healthcare Management
3

This course will provide students with an in-depth analysis of the theories and concepts of organizational behavior and theory while embracing the uniqueness and complexities of healthcare. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 416: Human Resource Management in Healthcare
3

This course will look at human resource management in healthcare including the principles, methods, and procedures used in the utilization and management of professional and allied health personnel. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the School of Business and Economics are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with best business practices, real-world experience, as well as a Christian moral, ethical, and value perspective of leadership.

Mark Francis
Director of Sport Business Program & Assistant Professor

Professor Mark Francis’s involvement in local, regional, national, and international sport management has led to his success with the professional sports community throughout Southern California and has helped him secure professional internships for students that have included the LA Angels, LA Dodgers, San Diego Padres, Steinberg Sports & Entertainment, Golden Boy Promotions, Sports 1 Marketing, LA Galaxy, Rose Bowl, and the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.

Read More »

Kim Chatani
Full-Time Faculty

Professor Kim Chatani is an Adjunct MBA professor and teaches Accounting and Finance undergraduate courses. He has had an impressive career, with experience including numerous senior level positions at notable organizations and audit and consulting clientele including many global and large enterprises. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), Certified Internal Services Auditor (CISA), and a Forensic Certified Public Accountant (FCPA). He is also a published author and expert on the topics of fraud and cyber-security.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

BUSINESS FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Resources

Learn more about Concordia's School of Business and Economics from the student handbook.

STUDENT HANDBOOK

Get In Touch

For more information about any of the many rewarding education programs at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

 

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

