ip extends to spearheading various initiatives, including the LMS Review Taskforce, showcasing his commitment to advancing educational technology and innovative instructional methods.

Jones, Ryan
 
ryan.jones@cui.edu
Ryan Jones
Director, Data Integration Services
Biography

Ryan Jones graduated from Concordia University Irvine in 2008 and began his career in IT in 2009. His previous roles include serving as a Banner Data Analyst and Banner Project Manager.

Lee, Deborah
 
deborah.lee@cui.edu
Deborah Lee
Senior Director, Institutional Research & Effectiveness
WSCUC Accreditation Liaison Officer
Biography

Deborah Lee is the Senior Director of Institutional Research and Effectiveness and Accreditation Liaison Officer (ALO) at Concordia University Irvine. Her academic background is in criminology, sociology, and research methods. She started at the university in 2011 and oversees institutional research, assessment, regional accreditation, and specialized accreditation. As an alumna of the WASC Senior College and University Commission (WSCUC) Assessment Leadership Academy, Deborah also serves as an IPEDS Educator for the Association for Institutional Research (AIR) and was elected to the Board of Directors for the California Association for Institutional Research Board (CAIR) for a second term. In addition to her administrative role, Deborah also serves as an adjunct faculty member for the School of Arts and Sciences.

Cheng, Emil
 
emil.cheng@cui.edu
Emil Cheng
Senior Data Analyst
Biography

Emil Cheng joined Concordia University Irvine in the Advancement Office starting in 2002 as the Assistant Director of Donor Records & Analysis. He later joined the Finance Office in 2005 in Accounts Receivables and would go on to become the Payroll Manager in 2006. Subsequently, he would join the IT department in 2013 where he now builds data blocks, dashboards, and ad hoc reports primarily in Evisions Argos using PL/SQL.

Pla, Kevin
 
kevin.pla@cui.edu
Kevin Pla
Data Analyst
Biography

Kevin Pla received his B.S. in Business Economics and his M.S. in Business Analytics from the Paul Merage School of Business at UC Irvine. His passion for using data as a tool to create informed decisions and his curiosity in higher education lead him to his current role as a Data Analyst at Concordia University Irvine. Within his first year as a member for Institutional Research and Higher Education, he has created multiple interactive Tableau dashboards to help Concordia University Irvine make data-informed decisions. He is excited to continue broadening his skill set in the field of Higher Education to help improve the lives of students.

Rodrigues, Melissa
 
melissa.rodrigues@cui.edu
Melissa Rodrigues
Assessment Coordinator
Biography

Melissa Rodrigues joined Concordia University Irvine’s Office of Business Intelligence in 2023 after serving as an elementary school educator for 15 years. During her time as a teacher, she served as a WASC site coordinator. This produced a passion for program review and assessment that she brings to her role as Assessment Coordinator. She works closely with the Educational Effectiveness Committee in helping the academic and co-curricular departments across Concordia University Irvine’s campus as they assess their programs.

Stichler, Joel
 
joel.stichler@cui.edu
Joel Stichler
Integration Specialist
Biography

Joel Stichler is a Concordia University Irvine alumni who got his degree in Theology. He started working in the IT Department as a help desk student worker back in 2011 and worked his way up to Client Services Manager. Eventually he found a passion for data and moved to the data team in 2016. Since then he has enjoyed learning new programming languages and various software applications. He currently helps implement and manage new data related software for the university.

Contact Us


To submit a data request, please visit the Concordia Helpdesk. From there, choose the Data and Technology Department and underneath that, the Data/Reporting/Email Blast Category.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

