https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/provost/office-of-business-intelligence/program-specific-accreditation
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of Business Intelligence

Accreditation 
Data Warehouse
Learning Outcomes 
IRB
Publications/Presentations
Related Links 
Program Specific Accreditation
OFFICE OF BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE
Program Specific Accreditation
Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs

The Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs (CACREP) is a governing body that accredits master’s and doctoral degree programs in counseling and related programs that are offered by colleges and universities in the United States and throughout the world. Receiving accredited status means that the reviewed program substantially meets the critical quality-related program requirements for accredited status and assures that graduates have met the majority of the educational requirements for licensure or certification as a counselor in all states. Concordia University Irvine, in partnership with the Townsend Institute, chose to voluntarily undergo an extensive external review with CACREP to evaluate the quality of our Master of Arts in Counseling Program and earned CACREP accreditation.

MA Counseling Annual Report 
MA Vital Statistics 

International Accreditation Council for Business Education

Concordia University Irvine has received specialized accreditation for its business programs through the International Accreditation Council for Business Education (IACBE), the leading outcomes-based professional accrediting organization for business programs in student-centered colleges around the world. IACBE accreditation helps to ensure that your business degree is one of quality.

Public Notification of Accreditation by IACBE 
Read Article: "Innovating Assessments" 
Read Article: "School of Business Gains New Accreditation" 

Commission on Teacher Credentialing

The purpose of the Commission is to ensure integrity, relevance, and high quality in the preparation, certification, and discipline of the educators who serve all of California's diverse students.

National Association of Schools and Music

The National Association of Schools of Music was founded in 1924 to secure a better understanding among institutions of higher education engaged in work in music; to establish a more uniform method of granting credit; and to develop and maintain basic, threshold standards for the granting of degrees and other credentials.

Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Management Education

Since 1968, CAHME accreditation has defined the standards for healthcare management education for the world community. Ensuring the health of our communities depends on creative, knowledgeable and mission driven professionals. Graduating from a CAHME Accredited program helps to better prepare the future leaders of healthcare.

CAHME is recognized as an independent global leader for determining quality in healthcare management education. Universities, programs, practitioners, and peers will seek the consultation of CAHME to assess the quality of healthcare management education. CAHME is respected for its collaborative, efficient, and reliable contribution to the more effective delivery of healthcare management education, as noted by its recognition by the Council on Higher Education Accreditation.

Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education

Officially recognized by the U.S. Secretary of Education as a national accreditation agency, the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE) is an autonomous accrediting agency, contributing to the improvement of the public's health. CCNE ensures the quality and integrity of baccalaureate, graduate, and residency programs in nursing.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

