nts are responsible for scheduling proctored exams at least 4 days in advance. The testing room is located in the Student Success Center (identified as the Hallerberg Center on the campus map), in the same office space of the Academic Advisors. Students can schedule exams through the DAS Test Reservation Schedule.

Alternative Format

If a textbook is not available in an accessible format, students may request an accessible version from DAS via the Alternative Text Request form. DAS provides accessible textbooks through multiple platforms (Bookshare, direct from the publisher, AccessTextNetwork). If an accessible version is not readily available, the student may bring/mail the textbook to the DAS office for in-house conversion. Please note: converting textbooks into an accessible format may take up to 7 days.

Notetaking Services

DAS encourages students to take notes for themselves and use the resources provided by faculty. If a student would like to improve notetaking skills, please schedule an appointment with DAS for note-taking guidance and skill-building. DAS also encourages students to connect with our tutoring, writing, and counseling services.

Depending on the nature and functional limitations of a student’s documented disability, the student may be eligible for note-taking assistance. Note-taking assistance is provided as a necessary academic accommodation and is not considered a substitute for a student’s full participation in class. Assistance is determined on a class-by-class basis and is dependent upon the nature of each course and the method of instruction as it relates to the student’s documented disability. Notes and/or recordings are for a student’s personal study use only and are not to be shared with other individuals unless this is provided to all class participants.

Timeline

Support services may not be available until requested by a student registered with DAS. In order to ensure sufficient time to provide accommodations, the student must be registered for classes and notify DAS within the appropriate time frame each term.

If a request is submitted after the relevant deadline, reasonable efforts will be made by DAS and faculty to accommodate the request. However, we cannot guarantee that such a request can be met. Untimely requests may result in delay, substitutions, or denial of accommodation. Be sure to read DAS notices, reminders, and agreements in order to use accommodations.

Type of Service	Time Required
Interpreting, Transcription Services, Video Captioning, Classroom Relocation, Braille	At least four (4) weeks prior to student’s need
Tables, Chairs, Footstools, Podiums	At least two (2) weeks prior to student’s need
Alternative Format	At least two (2) weeks prior to student’s need
Notetaking Services	Upon registration or two (2) weeks prior to student’s need
Alternative Testing	Minimum advance notice required for scheduling exams with DSS: Quizzes and Midterms – 5 days or 3 business days
Accessible University Housing	Requests made by March 15 will be given priority. After April 1, requests for accommodation will be made as space is available. DAS and RES recommend that you complete a Housing Accommodation Request when you fill out your housing application and submit appropriate documentation.
Rights & Responsibilities

Students with disabilities at Concordia University have the right to:

Equal access to courses, programs, services, jobs, activities, and facilities offered through the university
An equal opportunity to work and to learn, and to receive reasonable accommodations, academic adjustments, and/or auxiliary aids and services
Appropriate confidentiality of all information regarding their disability and to choose to whom, outside of the university, information about their disability will be disclosed, except as disclosures are required or permitted by law

Students with disabilities at Concordia University have the responsibility to:

Meet qualifications and maintain essential institutional standards for courses, programs, services, jobs, activities, and facilities
Identify as an individual with a disability when an accommodation is needed and to seek information, counsel, and assistance as necessary
Demonstrate and/or document (from an appropriate professional) how the disability limits their participation in courses, programs, services, jobs, activities, and facilities
Follow published procedures for obtaining reasonable accommodations, academic adjustments, and/or auxiliary aids and services
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

