https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/disability-access-services/academic-accommodations
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Disability Access Services

Website Accessibility
Accommodations 
Resources 
Contact Us
Request Accommodations
Academic Accommodations
Disability Access Services
ON THIS PAGE 
Academic Accommodations

Any student with a documented learning, physical or mental disability who feels their disability may impact academic success may be qualified to receive accommodations. Students should make accommodation requests no later than 1 week prior to needing them. All discussions will remain confidential.

DAS Accommodations DO:

Reduce barriers to learning
Provide equitable opportunities for students

DAS Accommodations do NOT:

Fundamentally alter the nature of a course
Reduce academic requirements

Disability Access Services (DAS) at Concordia University coordinates reasonable resources with students and the campus community to allow for equal access and opportunity, which can ultimately improve a student's ability to learn, study, and/or participate in campus activities.

Students who believe they would benefit from accommodations as a way to address the impact of a disability are encouraged to contact DAS.

New students should start by registering with Disability Access Services.

REGISTER WITH DAS

Requesting Academic Accommodations
Complete the Accommodation Request Form.
Submit documentation and/or provide a detailed self-report of your disability on the accommodation request form while documentation is pending (see documentation guidelines for additional information). 
Make an appointment so we can talk about possible accommodations and the process of implementing them.
Request accommodations each academic term in a timely manner.
Follow the policies and procedures outlined in the DAS Student Handbook.
Documentation Guidelines

DAS considers three resources in determining reasonable accommodations:

Self-report
Previous academic accommodations (such as an IEP, a 504 plan, approved accommodations at a former college)
Formal documentation from a qualified professional

Although a student’s lived experiences are important in understanding how some accommodations would be helpful, formal documentation that clearly demonstrates that a student has one or more functional limitations in the academic setting is required for most accommodation requests.

Formal documentation is information provided by a qualified licensed professional such as your doctor or therapist, or psychoeducational testing. We look for recent documentation (dated within the last five years). If you have older documentation, bring it so we can discuss it with you. We may ask that you obtain updated testing in order to get a clear picture of your current abilities and challenges. Please refer to the documentation guidelines for additional information.

VERIFICATION OF DISABILITY FORM DOCUMENTATION GUIDELINES

Academic Accommodations at Concordia University Irvine

Accommodations are determined on a case-by-case basis depending on the student’s documented disability and its functional impacts. Common accommodations may include:

Alternative Testing
Alternative Formats
Notetaking Accommodations
Accessible Furniture
Interpreting Services
Transcribing/CART Services
Flexibility with Attendance/Assignments
Classroom Accommodations

Once a student is registered with DAS and reasonable accommodations are determined, DAS will email an Academic Access Letter to the faculty of the enrolled classes for that current term. The student is expected to take the initiative and set up a meeting with the course instructor to discuss the specifics of each accommodation. DAS encourages that these meetings be held outside of the classroom so the instructor can honor the students.

Testing Accommodations

DAS is committed to providing fair and appropriate testing accommodations to eligible students. Students are responsible for scheduling proctored exams at least 4 days in advance. The testing room is located in the Student Success Center (identified as the Hallerberg Center on the campus map), in the same office space of the Academic Advisors. Students can schedule exams through the DAS Test Reservation Schedule.

Alternative Format

If a textbook is not available in an accessible format, students may request an accessible version from DAS via the Alternative Text Request form. DAS provides accessible textbooks through multiple platforms (Bookshare, direct from the publisher, AccessTextNetwork). If an accessible version is not readily available, the student may bring/mail the textbook to the DAS office for in-house conversion. Please note: converting textbooks into an accessible format may take up to 7 days.

Notetaking Services

DAS encourages students to take notes for themselves and use the resources provided by faculty. If a student would like to improve notetaking skills, please 