https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/disability-access-services/housing-accommodations
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Disability Access Services

Website Accessibility
Accommodations 
Resources 
Contact Us
Request Accommodations
Housing Accommodations
Disability Access Services
ON THIS PAGE 
Housing Accommodations

DAS collaborates with RES and Bon Appetit to provide reasonable housing and dining accommodations to residents with a disability.

Deadlines: Returning students should complete and submit the following paperwork by March 15th for the upcoming academic year (fall/spring semester); new students should submit paperwork by May 1st for the upcoming academic year. The University may not be able to accommodate requests received after these deadlines.

Timeline: Once a student has completed the process, a committee will be assigned to review and assess the student’s request. Students will be notified within 3 weeks of whether their request has been approved or denied. For students requesting ESAs, please begin the process 60 days prior to the start of a semester, and do not bring the animal into campus housing before you are approved for accommodation.

Requesting Housing Accommodations
Submit the Housing Accommodation Request Form
Submit the Housing Documentation Form
Schedule an appointment with DAS staff

Documentation and all relevant information should be completed or provided by an appropriately qualified professional currently treating the student. Alternately, the provider may write a letter or report that provides this information. Documentation completed by a family member is not acceptable. For psychological disabilities, evaluation and documentation should be within the last six months unless the condition is one that does not change over time. All requests will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.

Policy on Emotional Support Animals

As a general rule, support animals are not allowed in University buildings or properties unless the University has given prior approval based on accommodation. Students may be approved to have an emotional support animal in their residence if they follow the interactive accommodation process.

IMPORTANT NOTES:

Documentation must be submitted to DAS before a request for an ESA will be reviewed by DAS.
DAS does not approve ESAs for stays under 30 days or in the middle of a term.
Students may not board exotic animals such as, but not limited to: reptiles, rodents (other than hamsters and guinea pigs), ferrets, hedgehogs, skunks, rats, raccoons, squirrels, potbellied pigs, monkeys, arachnids, or any farm animals.
The animal must be fully grown and housetrained, and the student is responsible for keeping vaccines and registration up-to-date. While the allowable age of the animal may vary depending on breed, generally it should be at least a year old.
The student should have lived with and provided training for the animal for a minimum of 3 months.
Residents whom DAS approves for an ESA in their residence must comply with their Housing Contract and Concordia University Irvine's Service and ESA Policy.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

