https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/healthcare-management
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Healthcare Management Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Newsletter
Get Started
Healthcare Management Minor
SCHOOL OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SCIENCES
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT MINOR
18 Units
HCM 312: Management of Healthcare Organizations
3

This course will serve as an introduction to and provide the foundation for a better understanding of the relevant theories, tools, and applications, recent trends, and issues needed to address operational issues that healthcare managers face.


HCM 314: Healthcare Quality Management
3

This course will explore healthcare applications of quality improvement including governmental and regulatory influences, standards and guidelines, programs and methods, and process redesign. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


HCM 414: Legal Aspects of Healthcare
3

This course will familiarize students with significant legal principles and theories relevant to healthcare administration; provide examples of context in which potential legal problems arise; develop the ability to identify and evaluate potential legal risks related to healthcare administrative and management decisions; and to appropriately utilize legal counsel in the decision-making process. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 416: Human Resource Management in Healthcare
3

This course will look at human resource management in healthcare including the principles, methods, and procedures used in the utilization and management of professional and allied health personnel. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 425: Financial Management of Healthcare Organizations
3

This course will cover selected topics in both the financial and managerial aspects of the U.S. healthcare industry, both philosophically and theologically, with issues being evaluated and presented from the perspective of all key stakeholders including the consumer, providers, provider-organizations, payers, and government. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

Choose one of the following courses:
HCM 315: Organizational Behavior, Theory and Design in Healthcare Management
3

This course will provide students with an in-depth analysis of the theories and concepts of organizational behavior and theory while embracing the uniqueness and complexities of healthcare. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 413: Leadership in Health Management
3

This course will introduce students to the basic principles of leadership and direction in healthcare organizations. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


HCM 415: Health Information Systems
3

This course will examine the use of information systems in healthcare organizations as students are introduced to the types of healthcare data and information, the various systems used throughout the healthcare industry, the technology utilized by these systems, and the IT challenges facing healthcare administrators. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 419: Topics in Public Health Administration
3

This course will identify and explore historical, theoretical, and practical issues in the field of public health as students identify and analyze important public health issues within various health settings. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


HCM 422: Introduction to Gerontology and Mental Health Management
3

This course will introduce and give an overview of the field of gerontology and mental health including current theories, ethical issues, public policy, legal issues, and careers along with the exploration of problems in planning, financing, delivering, and evaluating health services. Administrative structures and public and private delivery systems will also be compared and critiqued. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 424: Marketing and Strategic Planning for Healthcare Orga