ollment allowed).

HCM 419: Topics in Public Health Administration
3

This course will identify and explore historical, theoretical, and practical issues in the field of public health as students identify and analyze important public health issues within various health settings. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).


HCM 422: Introduction to Gerontology and Mental Health Management
3

This course will introduce and give an overview of the field of gerontology and mental health including current theories, ethical issues, public policy, legal issues, and careers along with the exploration of problems in planning, financing, delivering, and evaluating health services. Administrative structures and public and private delivery systems will also be compared and critiqued. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

HCM 424: Marketing and Strategic Planning for Healthcare Organizations
3

This course will study the management of the marketing process, strategy formulation, strategic planning, organizing, budgeting, implementation, and performance assessment specific for healthcare organizations to assist institutions in fulfilling their mission, vision and goals and in helping to define strategies to improve market position and financial performance. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

 

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

