ecognizes that temporary medical conditions still impact a student’s learning experience. Professors and students can work together to make academic arrangements, OR professors can refer students to DAS, where we will help them come up with a communication plan.

‌
What are reasonable accommodations?

Accommodations are modifications to the ways in which things are usually done. The purpose of effective accommodations is to provide students with disabilities an equal opportunity to participate and benefit from college.

The following are examples of the most common accommodations that permit a student with a disability to effectively participate in the educational process:

Changes to a classroom environment or task: extended time for an exam, isolated testing location;
Removal of architectural barriers: adapting a classroom to meet the needs of a student who uses a wheelchair;
Exceptions to policies, practices or procedures: priority registration or accessing assignments early;
Provision of auxiliary aids and services: providing a sign language interpreter, or providing a note-taker or scribe.
‌
What is considered an unreasonable accommodation?

Concordia University is not required to offer or provide an accommodation, to admit or continue to admit an individual with a disability to any course, program, service or activity or to provide educational opportunities and other services when:

The educational standards or mission of Concordia University would be substantially altered;
The nature of the course, program, service or activity would be fundamentally altered;
The student is not otherwise qualified (with or without accommodations) to meet the academic and technical standards required for admission or participation in an education course, program, service or activity;
An undue financial or administrative hardship (university-wide) would be caused by the accommodation; and
If the individual would pose a direct threat to the health or safety of self or others.
Additionally, CU is not required to provide accommodations of a personal nature, such as a personal care attendant or personal use equipment.
‌
What happens if I do not agree with a requested accommodation?

Concordia faculty and staff have a responsibility to satisfy obligations of compliance under ADA statutes and regulations.

Accommodations must be requested within a reasonable timeframe and must be reasonable given the situation. When reasonableness clearly exists, instructors must coordinate the appropriate accommodation. When questions about reasonableness exist, instructors should consult with DAS about how to best address the situation: das@cui.edu, 949-214-3039.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

