 learners.
Write key phrases and lecture outlines on the whiteboard or identify them in the PowerPoint.
Always put the person first when describing individuals with disabilities. First and foremost, people are people; secondly, they may happen to experience one or more functional limitations. Thus, they should be referred to as “students with disabilities,” rather than “disabled students.” Avoid terms such as “handicapped,” “victim,” “special needs,” and “normal students.”
Be aware that many students are extremely uncomfortable contacting instructors to discuss their accommodation needs.
All discussions with students remain private and confidential. Ask students what challenges they are facing and what has helped in the past.

The following are some campus-wide practices that benefit the entire Concordia University Irvine community:

Include accessibility statements on event posters and flyers (think transportation, food, and accessible media).
Ensure the space is physically accessible. Keep aisles and doorways free from physical barriers.
Report inoperable push-button door openers to Jane Doherty, our 504 Coordinator.
Allow service dogs to accompany people with disabilities on campus. When it is not obvious the dog is a service dog, you may ask two questions: (1) is the dog required because of a disability? (2) what work or task has the dog been trained to perform?
Refer to the Disability Language Style Guide for questions of word choice.

How to:

Make Zoom more accessible.
Create accessible documents.
Understand Universal Design for Learning.
Make temporary events accessible to people with disabilities.
Frequently Asked Questions
‌
How will I know a student has accommodations in my class?

Disability Access Services emails Academic Access Letters at the start of each semester, or at the time a student has requested such communication. The emails are sent via Maxient (a software program), and the Academic Access Letter is attached as a PDF to that email.

‌
What do I do if a student asks me for assistance in my class beyond what I offer to other students, or tells me they have a disability and I have not received an Academic Access Letter?

Direct the student to contact DAS. If you have not been emailed an accommodation letter from DAS, then the student has most likely not registered with our office to received approved accommodations. If a student is currently receiving accommodations in your course, you have the freedom to offer additional accommodations to the student, but please consider cc’ing DAS on such agreements in order that we have record of when additional accommodations are granted.

Additional accommodations should in no way change the course’s goals or alter the academic requirements.

‌
What happens after I receive the accommodation letter?

Students are instructed to follow up with professors if they intend on using the accommodations in that class. Some classes are already accessible, in which case a student may not request accommodations. When a notetaker is requested, DAS will email professors a recruitment statement to post for class. When accessible media is needed, instructors are responsible for sending materials to DAS to be converted into accessible formats.

Remember, you may not ask a student what their disability is; however, students may voluntarily disclose their disability to you, which DAS supports and encourages.

‌
How are accommodations determined?

Information from a student’s documentation helps guide DAS in determining reasonable accommodations. Accommodations are meant to provide equal access; they do not guarantee success or necessarily fit a student’s preferred learning style.

‌
A student in my class has a short-term illness or injury. Do they receive accommodations?

Students often experience a temporary medical condition, such as an injury, surgery, or illness. Typically, these do not qualify students for ADA accommodations since they are not permanent disabilities; however, DAS recognizes that temporary medical conditions still impact a student’s learning experience. Professors and students can work together to make academic arrangements, OR professors can refer students to DAS, where we will help them come up with a communication plan.

‌
What are reasonable accommodations?

Accommodations are modifications to the ways in which things are usually done. The purpose of effective accommodations is to provide students with disabilities an equal opportunity to participate and benefit from college.

The following are examples of the most common accommodations that permit a student with a disability to effectively participate in the educational process:

Changes to a classroom environment or task: extended time for an exam, isolated testing location;
Removal of architectural barriers: adapting a classroom to meet the needs of a student who uses a wheelchair;
Exceptions to policies, practices or procedures: priority registration or accessing assignments early;
Provis