https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/disability-access-services/faculty-and-staff-resources
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Disability Access Services

Website Accessibility
Accommodations 
Resources 
Contact Us
Request Accommodations
Faculty and Staff Resources
Disability Access Services
ON THIS PAGE 
Accessibility for the Concordia University Irvine Community

Disability Access Services (DAS) partners with Concordia University Irvine staff and faculty to make sure courses and programs are accessible for students who have requested accommodations. Staff and faculty are encouraged to reach out to DAS for guidance on implementing, promoting, and creating accessible content.

EXAM PROCTOR FORM

View our glossary of the most commonly approved accommodations >>

Syllabus Statement

Please include the following statement in all course syllabi:

Access and Accommodations: Your experience in this class is important to me. If you have already established accommodations with Disability Access Services (DAS), please communicate your approved accommodations to me at your earliest convenience so we can discuss your needs in this course. If you have not yet established services through DAS, but have a psychological/learning/physical disability that requires accommodations, you are welcome to contact DAS at 949-214-3039 or das@cui.edu. It is the policy and practice of Concordia University to create inclusive and accessible learning environments consistent with federal and state law. Please be informed that course lectures may be recorded, when necessary, to fulfill a disability accommodation. Please visit the DAS webpage for further ADA information.

Event Statement

If you are promoting an on-campus event, please consider including this statement on posters and flyers:

If you have accessibility concerns about this event, please contact [include event coordinator’s contact info here].

Event coordinators are welcome to reach out to DAS to brainstorm ways events can be more inclusive and accessible for students.

Roles & Responsibilities

Instructors have a right to:

Request written notification from DAS of a student’s need for accommodation.
Maintain the University’s academic and instructional standards in that the accommodations should not fundamentally alter the course content.
Establish late work and attendance policies in keeping with the University’s policies.

Instructors have responsibilities to:

Provide these accommodations as part of the University’s mission in providing equal access to all students.
Contact Disability Access Services to request clarification or support with accommodations.
Maintain confidentiality of information regarding student’s disability. Information should only be shared with those who have an educational need to know.
Refer to DAS any students who request accommodations, but have not set up accommodations.
Be available to discuss accommodations with students at least once per term.
Include an ADA statement in your course syllabus.

Remember, you may not:

Ask a student about their disability.
Disclose details about the student’s accommodation to other students.
Unilaterally deny a student’s approved accommodation.
Best Practices

Faculty and Staff play a crucial role in making Concordia University Irvine a welcoming and accessible campus.

The following are examples of teaching techniques that benefit all students but are especially useful for students who have disabilities. By modeling these practices, we also help students think more inclusively about the world.

Make short assignment sheets and reading lists available in electronic format (e.g., email, Blackboard).
Face the class when speaking. Repeat discussion questions. Verbally describe pictures and graphs.
Turn on captions for all videos, regardless of your classroom having a student with hearing loss.
Adopt principles of universal design to make course content accessible to all learners.
Write key phrases and lecture outlines on the whiteboard or identify them in the PowerPoint.
Always put the person first when describing individuals with disabilities. First and foremost, people are people; secondly, they may happen to experience one or more functional limitations. Thus, they should be referred to as “students with disabilities,” rather than “disabled students.” Avoid terms such as “handicapped,” “victim,” “special needs,” and “normal students.”
Be aware that many students are extremely uncomfortable contacting instructors to discuss their accommodation needs.
All discussions with students remain private and confidential. Ask students what challenges they are facing and what has helped in the past.

The following are some campus-wide practices that benefit the entire Concordia University Irvine community:

Include accessibility statements on event posters and flyers (think transportation, food, and accessible media).
Ensure the space is physically accessible