ill be notified of the decision. A copy of the action will be placed in the student's permanent file.

Register for Courses
Current Class Schedule

To view the current classes offered, please visit The Office of the Registrar.

Online Registration

Using My Records is the easiest and most convenient way to register for your courses, check your current schedule, check your grades, find out room assignments, etc.

Link to My Records login: www.cui.edu/mycui

Login: Log in using your Student ID number (this is the “E12345678” number) and your PIN number.
PIN: Your first time login PIN is your birth date in “MMDDYY” format.
Forgot PIN: After you log in for the first time you will be asked to reset your PIN to a new six digit number, and also set up a question that will be used if you forget your PIN. When using the “Forgot PIN” button, My Records will ask you to reset your Login PIN.
No Login PIN or Security Question: If you have never received a Login PIN or your account has been disabled, you will need to contact the Registrar’s Office.
Course Registration can be found under "My Classes" > "My Registration."
When adding or dropping classes be sure to select the correct term and enter the CRN numbers provided by your advisor. Remember to click submit after each change!
Student Services Menu:
Registration: From the main menu, navigate to the Registration Menu to check your registration status, register online and view your class schedule.
Registration Status: Click provided link to check your registration and clearance (HOLDS) status.
Add or Drop Classes: Click provided link to make changes to your courses. Select the correct term then enter the CRN numbers provided by your advisor. Remember to click submit after each change!
Week at a Glance or Student Detail Schedule: Click provided link to check your class schedule for accuracy.
Other My Records Services:
My Student Bill: View your Hold(s), pay student bill, and view tax information.
My Information: View and update your personal information.
My Classes: View your academic records.

If you are locked out of the system, please contact the Registrar’s Office at (949) 214-3079

Transcripts

Students may obtain an official transcript of their academic record by filing a written request at the Office of the Registrar. A fee is charged for transcripts and must be paid in advance. Ten working days should be allowed for processing and mailing of the transcript. Official transcripts will not be released until all fees have been paid.

Transcripts from other academic institutions are the property of Concordia University, and as such, are under the control of the Registrar's Office. Under federal policy, students have the right to view the documents in their file; the University will not make copies of these documents. Transcripts submitted to Concordia University for admission or credit transfer become the property of Concordia and will not be returned to students or forwarded to other institutions.

Get started today.

Have questions about Concordia University's online bachelor's degrees? Not sure how to get started? Fill out the form below, and one of our admissions counselors will get in touch with you.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
Program of Interest 
- Select a Program -
Christian Education Leadership
Christian Ministry
CMC: Pastoral Certification
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

