https://www.cui.edu/online/degrees/bachelors/academic-resources
Skip to Main Content

Online
About
Degrees
Certificates
Financial Aid
Student Services
Apply
Request Info
Online Bachelor's
Academic Resources
Admission
Degrees 
Faculty
Academic Advising

Our Role:

Your academic advisor is here to answer any questions you may have regarding the curriculum or customizing your emphasis within your program. We are dedicated to your academic success and are here to support you.

Contact:

Townsend Institute Advising Office
Amanda Barrett
949-214-3928
tiadvisor@cui.edu

Campus Resources

There are many helpful resources available to you as a student at Concordia University.

Blackboard Technical Support
(949) 214-3175
ITS@cui.edu

Library Services
(949) 214-3090
librarian@cui.edu

Career Services
(949) 214-3061
laura.courvoisier@cui.edu

Bookstore
(949) 214-3454
Email bookstore

Financial Aid
(949) 214-3069
debbie.greenlee@cui.edu

Nurse
(949) 214-3105
michelle.laabs@cui.edu

Registrar's Office
(949) 214-3079
registrar@cui.edu

Student Accounts - Bursar
(949) 214-3075
bursar@cui.edu

Writing Studio
(949) 214-3444
writing.studio@cui.edu

Graduation

Graduation is both the end of your immediate academic journey in the online bachelor's degree program, and the beginning of your journey of continued learning and professional career. Many graduates of the program have continued on into postgraduate professional and degree programs such as the California Teacher Credential program, the M.A. in Education program, the MBA program, and others.

As you begin your last semester, you will need to make sure you apply for graduation with the Registrar’s Office. This process is required and can be done in the Registrar’s Office or by obtaining the application for graduation online. Either way, it is important to complete this form by the posted deadline. Typically the deadline for spring semester graduation is September and for the following summer graduation deadline is June, and fall semester graduation the deadline is September.

Please note that Concordia University conducts two graduation ceremonies. It provides you and your friends and family a chance to celebrate your accomplishments and achievements.

Eligibility and Requirements
Successful completion of 120 semester units of instruction, or the equivalent. Please make sure to review this in detail with your Academic Counselor.
A combination of 4 units from physical education activity and applied/ensemble music will transfer.
A total of 4 units of practicum/work experience may be counted toward the 120 units.
Completion of all General Education courses, or the equivalent, as well as successful completion of the course of study.
Minimum cumulative GPA not less than 2.0 in all academic work (both transferred and in residence at Concordia).
Complete payments of all tuition and fees due Concordia University.
Honors at Graduation

The honors listed below are awarded to qualified recipients of the Bachelor of Arts degree at the annual commencement ceremonies. These honors are determined on the basis of the cumulative grade point average of all coursework taken at Concordia University and at all other colleges and universities attended. Honors recognition for the graduation ceremony is based on grade point averages and credits completed through the fall semester, but the student's permanent record will designate honors based on the final semester's GPA.

Cum laude (with distinction): Awarded to students whose cumulative GPA is between 3.70 and 3.799.
Magna cum laude (with high distinction): Awarded to students whose cumulative GPA is between 3.80 and 3.899.
Summa cum laude (with highest distinction): Awarded to students whose cumulative GPA is 3.90 or above.
Right to Petition

Students may petition for review of certain university academic regulations when unusual circumstances exist. Petition forms are available in the registrar's office. After action has been taken on the petition, the student will be notified of the decision. A copy of the action will be placed in the student's permanent file.

Register for Courses
Current Class Schedule

To view the current classes offered, please visit The Office of the Registrar.

Online Registration

Using My Records is the easiest and most convenient way to register for your courses, check your current schedule, check your grades, find out room assignments, etc.

Link to My Records login: www.cui.edu/mycui

Login: Log in using your Student ID number (this is the “E12345678” number) and your PIN number.
PIN: Your first time login PIN is your birth date in “MMDDYY” format.
Forgot PIN: After you log in for the first time you will be asked to reset your PIN to a new six digit number, and also set up a question that will be used if you forget your PIN. When using the “Forgot PIN” button, My Records will ask you to reset your Login PIN.
No Login PIN or Security Question: If you have never received a Login PIN or your account has been disabled, you will need to contact the Registrar’s Office.
Course Registration can be found under "My Classes" > "My Registration."
When adding or dropping classes be sure to select the correct term and enter the CRN numbers provided by your advisor. Remember to click submit after each change!
Student Services Menu:
Registration: From the main menu, navigate to the Registration Menu to check your registration status, register online and view your class schedule.
Registration Status: Click provided link to check your registration and clearance (HOLDS) status.
Add or Drop Classes: Click provided link to make changes to your courses. Select the correct term then enter the CRN numbers provided by your advisor. Remember to click submit after each change!
Week at a Glance or Student Detail Schedule: Click provided link to check your class schedule for accuracy.
Other My Records Services:
My Student Bill: View your Hold(s), pay student bill, and view tax information.
My Information: View and update your personal information.
My Classes: View your academic records.

If you are locked out of the system, please contact the Registrar’s Office at (949) 214-3079

Transcripts

Students may obtain an official transcript of their academic record by filing a written request at the Office of the Registrar. A fee is charged for transcripts and must be paid in advance. Ten working days should be allowed for processing and mailing of the transcript. Official transcripts will not be released until all fees have been paid.

Transcripts from other academic institutions are the property of Concordia University, and as such, are under the control of the Registrar's Office. Under federal policy, students have the right to view the documents in their file; the University will not make copies of these documents. Transcripts submitted to Concordia University for admission or credit transfer become the property of Concordia and will not be returned to students or forwarded to other institutions.

Get started today.

Have questions about Concordia University's online bachelor's degrees? Not sure how to get started? Fill out the form below, and one of our admissions counselors will get in touch with you.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
Program of Interest 
- Select a Program -
Christian Education Leadership
Christian Ministry
CMC: Pastoral Certification
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

