our degree completion time table, while also lowering the costs associated with obtaining a college degree. Below are links to several partner organizations that provide these high quality and well established PLA options for adult students. Please first refer to our Transfer Alignments and Guidelines to ensure that these course units will transfer to Concordia University. If you have any questions or for additional detailed information, please contact the OBD admissions counselor at 949-214-3657.

CLEP

The College-Level Examination Program® (CLEP) gives you the opportunity to receive college credit for what you already know by earning qualifying scores on any of 33 examinations. Earn credit for knowledge you've acquired through independent study, prior course work, on-the-job training, professional development, cultural pursuits, or internships.

DSST (Dantes)

DSST is an effective method to provide you evidence of prior learning. In fact, the 38 exams available at a competitive fee compliment other credit by exam programs such as CLEP. Prior learning assessment will help you accelerate your path to degree completion while saving you the time it takes to sit through a course, as well as the additional dollars spent on tuition.

LearningCounts.org

LearningCounts.org is CAEL's (Council for Adult & Experiential Learning) online service offering credible, third-party assessment of college-level learning acquired outside the college classroom.

Get started today.

Have questions about Concordia University's online bachelor's degrees? Not sure how to get started? Fill out the form below, and one of our admissions counselors will get in touch with you.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
Program of Interest 
- Select a Program -
Christian Education Leadership
Christian Ministry
CMC: Pastoral Certification
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

