https://www.cui.edu/online/degrees/bachelors/admission
Skip to Main Content

Online
About
Degrees
Certificates
Financial Aid
Student Services
Apply
Request Info
Online Bachelor's
Academic Resources
Admission
Degrees 
Faculty
Technology Requirements

An integral part of this program is the online component. All students receive training in accessing their class through Blackboard as well as accessing the online library resources. Students receive a user name and password at their orientation. The University supports Microsoft Office products, specifically Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. It also supports Firefox as the web browser. Technical support is available/offered to all enrolled students. "MyCUI" provides a convenient "launch-point" for many of the useful online resources for students. Visit it yourself.

Concordia strongly recommends that students have access to a computer that meets the following specifications:

Hardware & Peripherals
A processor (CPU) of 1.6 GHz or faster
1 Gigabyte of RAM or greater
Speakers
CD-ROM or DVD optical drive
Printer
Webcam
Software/Applications
Operating system - Windows® or Mac OS compatible with the following software
Microsoft® Office - Including
Microsoft® Word
Microsoft® Power Point
Microsoft® Excel
Internet Connection

Broadband Internet connection (no dial-up).

2 Email Addresses
Concordia E-mail address: first name.last name@eagles.cui.edu (will be provided after acceptance to the University)
Alternate E-mail address at home or workplace
2 Web Browsers

Internet Explorer is already installed on PCs and Safari is already installed on Mac computers.

Firefox
Google Chrome
Prior Learning Assessment & Transfer Credit

As our twenty-first century economy evolves, there is growing recognition of the importance of an educated workforce. Economists are projecting widespread increases in skill requirements, partly due to the nature of the industries in which we are likely to see the most growth. In addition, individual workers improve their earnings and their employability as they increase their educational attainment. The challenge is how to help more people, particularly adults, succeed at the post secondary level, and earn degrees. The undergraduate transfer credit guidelines for online bachelor's degree students enrolling at Concordia University Irvine include various accepted and established ways that adult students can receive credit for both traditional course credit units taken at U.S. regionally accredited post secondary institutions, as well as for learning acquired outside of the traditional academic environment, typically referred to as Prior Learning Assessment (PLA) credit.

Concordia University Irvine will accept and assist adult students with Prior Learning Assessment (PLA) credits. PLA is a term used to describe the process by which an individual’s experiential learning is assessed and evaluated for purposes of granting college credit, certification, or advanced standing toward further education or training.

There are several generally accepted approaches to awarding PLA credit by regionally accrediting bodies of the Association of Schools and Colleges, and when properly conducted, all ensure academic quality: (1) national standardized exams in specified disciplines, e.g., Advanced Placement (AP) exams, College Level Examination Program (CLEP) tests, Excelsior College exams, DSST (DANTES Subject Standardized Tests); (2) evaluated non-college programs, e.g., American Council on Education (ACE) evaluations of corporate training and military training; and (3) individualized assessments, particularly portfolio-based assessments conducted according to national norms and standards set by ACE and The Council for Adult & Experiential Learning (CAEL) through LearningCounts.

Please contact the Academic Advising office at (949) 214-3611 with any questions or for additional detailed information.

Transfer Alignments and Guidelines

PLA provides an effective way to accelerate your degree completion time table, while also lowering the costs associated with obtaining a college degree. Below are links to several partner organizations that provide these high quality and well established PLA options for adult students. Please first refer to our Transfer Alignments and Guidelines to ensure that these course units will transfer to Concordia University. If you have any questions or for additional detailed information, please contact the OBD admissions counselor at 949-214-3657.

CLEP

The College-Level Examination Program® (CLEP) gives you the opportunity to receive college credit for what you already know by earning qualifying scores on any of 33 examinations. Earn credit for knowledge you've acquired through independent study, prior course work, on-the-job training, professional development, cultural pursuits, or internships.

DSST (Dantes)

DSST is an effective method to provide you evidence of prior learning. In fact, the 38 exams available at a competitive fee 