https://www.cui.edu/online/degrees/bachelors/faculty
Skip to Main Content

Online
About
Degrees
Certificates
Financial Aid
Student Services
Apply
Request Info
Online Bachelor's
Academic Resources
Admission
Degrees 
Faculty
  
Healthcare Management
King, Kim Athmann
Adjunct Professor and President and CEO: Strategic Advantage
School of Business and Professional Studies - Healthcare Management
Biography

Ms. King received her M.B.A. from California State University/ Fresno and a B.S. from St. Cloud State University in Minnesota.

Kim Athmann King is the firm's president and principal consultant for all Strategy Advantage engagements. With 20 years experience in the healthcare industry, Ms. King is a specialist in strategic planning, business/ program development, and vision/ future scenarios facilitation. She has focused her work, particularly, on assisting complex, multi-organization provider systems to develop, position, and re-design their organizations, medical groups, and services/ programs for improved market, growth, and financial performance.

A consultant and facilitator for more than eight years – starting her own boutique practice in 2002, a Senior Vice President at Kaufman Hall from 2007 to 2009, and then re-starting her practice in 2010 – and a healthcare executive for more than ten years at California-based Cedars-Sinai Health System in Los Angeles and Saint Agnes Medical Center in Fresno, Ms. King brings relevancy via her provider-side experiences and, as well, breadth of viewpoint via her consultant-side relationships. These client engagements include various board and management retreats; organization-wide strategic plans, marketplace growth plans, and future vision forecasting; service line- or program-specific business planning and development; and new care model or new business model planning and rapid prototype execution. Her client portfolio includes Cedars-Sinai Medical Group (Los Angeles, CA), Sutter Health System (Sacramento, CA), MultiCare Health System (Tacoma, WA), USC University Hospital (Los Angeles, CA), Summa Health (Akron, OH), St. Joseph Health System/ Mission Hospital (Laguna Beach, CA), Community Health Network (Indianapolis, IN), Loyola Medicine (Chicago, IL), University North Texas Health Science Center (Forth Worth, TX), and others.

She is a frequent speaker and writer on healthcare strategy, business development, and innovation topics for national healthcare professional organizations and conferences. She has provided dozens of guest presentations for USC, UCLA, and California State University MBA or MHA programs and students. She is co-founder of BLU Ideas and Innovations, a new company formed in 2010 dedicated to facilitating groups of healthcare executives and physicians to spark change and new ideas in healthcare. And she is currently President of Health Care Executives of Southern California, a 1,000-member, independent chapter of the American College of Healthcare Executives (ACHE).

Currently teaching: HCM 424: Marketing, Business Development & Strategic Planning.

Nease, Mark
 
mark.nease@cui.edu
Biography

Mark holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration from California State University, Long Beach, and a Master of Science Degree in Human Resources from Chapman University in Orange, California. Mark also holds a lifetime SPHR (Senior Professional in Human Resources) certification from the Human Resources Certification Institute.

Mark currently serves as the Vice President of Human Resources at MBK Senior Living. MBK provides Seniors with Independent Living, Assisted Living and Memory Care, and associated services. MBK has nearly 2000 Associates in six States.

In addition to his experience at MBK, Mark has over 30 years of experience as a Human Resources and Administration Executive. He has worked in a variety of industries including: Automotive, Staffing, Internet, Medical Device, and Dental industries. He has successfully lead Administrative functions for these large and medium-sized companies where he has been responsible for Employee Relations, Recruiting, Risk Management, Organizational Development, Total Rewards, Purchasing, and Payroll.

Playter, Kellie
(949) 214-3603
kellie.playter@cui.edu
Assistant Professor & Internship Director, School of Business & Economics
Biography

Kellie earned her Bachelor and Master Degrees from California State University, Long Beach and is currently pursuing her Ph.D. in Organizational Leadership from Regent University. She has served on several nonprofit boards in her community, including the Junior Chamber of Commerce and the Ronald McDonald House Charities. She has been teaching college courses since 2008, teaching at California State University Long Beach, and Long Beach City College before finding her home at Concordia, where she can combine her love of teaching with her Christian beliefs. She has taught classes in communication studies, leadership, and business, but tends to focus on Workplace Communication, Professional Writing, and Internship/Professional Development Skills.

Degrees Earned
Ph.D., Organizational Leadership, Regent University (in progress, expected May 2023)
M.A., California State University Long Beach (May 2010)
B.A., California State University Long Beach (May 2007)
Research

Kellie's research interests relate to the identity of motherhood, women in leadership, intergenerational workplace culture, and leading virtual teams.

Publications

Playter, K. L. (2020). Courageous followership according to the epistle of Jude. Journal of Biblical Perspectives in Leadership, 10(1), 48-55. Abrams, J.R., Shaw-Playter, K., LeMaster, B., Willis, R., Hoffman, S., Bodden, D. & Whitney, M. (2011). Proactive performance: A context for intergroup contact. Howard Journal of Communications, 22, 319-335.

Conference Presentations
Playter, K. L., Andrew, A.J. & Harris, E. (2019). “I’m neglecting my other baby”: Examining mothers’ workplace re-entry narratives. WSCA.
Playter, K. L. & Andrew, A.J. (2018). The status of mom: The workplace experiences of pregnant women and mothers. WSCA.
Shaw, K. (2011) Proactive performance: A context for intergroup contact. WSCA.
Shaw, K. (2009) Media and immigration, freedom of speech or hate speech. WSCA (pre-conference).
Teaching

Current courses for the School of Business & Economics-Business Writing & Presentations, Organizational Behavior, Internship

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services