https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/healthcare
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Healthcare
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs 
Contact Us
HEALTHCARE PROGRAMS
Concordia University Irvine
Miseker Abate, Biology ’13
Surgical Residency, Cornell; Ph.D., Harvard; MA, UC Irvine
EXPLORE 
Healthcare Programs

Today’s healthcare industry is experiencing dynamic changes resulting in a never-before-seen healthcare delivery landscape that requires a unique skill set. Healthcare managers hold jobs in a wide variety of sectors that include: hospitals, clinics, long-term care, information technology, nonprofit organizations, public health, mental health, insurance, marketing, finance, and public policy. Concordia prepares you for professional positions that enhance the operational efficiency and effectiveness of health and wellness organizations and improve the delivery of healthcare services.

REQUEST INFORMATION
Request Information
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
Program of Interest 
- Select a Program
Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing
Undergraduate Healthcare Majors
Master of Healthcare Administration
Master of Public Health
Master of Science in Nursing (MSN-FNP)
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Master of Public Health

Positions related to public health are predicted to grow nearly 20% nationwide by 2026 – nearly double the rate for all other occupations. While healthcare serves a critical role in diagnosing and treating injury and illness, a career in public health will allow you to focus on proactive measures for preventing injury and reducing the spread of disease.

GET STARTED 
(MASTER OF PUBLIC HEALTH)
‌
Master of Healthcare Administration

The MHA program prepares students for leadership positions in a variety of healthcare settings, including hospitals, corporate medical systems, outpatient clinics, long-term care facilities, private practice offices, nonprofit, and community-based healthcare organizations.

GET STARTED 
(MASTER OF HEALTHCARE ADMINISTRATION)
‌
Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing

If you hold a bachelor’s degree and are looking to transition to nursing, our Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN) second degree program offers a fast-track to a new career. Build on the foundation of your prior coursework and complete the ABSN with hands-on experience, in as little as 15 months. In addition to classroom time, you will complete 765 hours in clinical settings throughout the course of the program.

GET STARTED ‌
Undergraduate Pre-Nursing Minor

Concordia University Irvine's Pre-Nursing minor will give you the educational foundation to pursue a Bachelor of Science in Nursing. Through this unique undergraduate track, you will be able to earn a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Biology with a Pre-Nursing minor and be eligible for the Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN) program. Both degrees can be completed in as little as 5 years.

GET STARTED ‌
Master of Science in Nursing: Family Nurse Practitioner (MSN-FNP)

Concordia University Irvine’s Master of Science in Nursing with Family Nurse Practitioner (MSN-FNP) certification eligibility prepares competent, compassionate, and holistic nursing professionals to be change agents in the world of healthcare.

GET STARTED 
(ONLINE BACHELOR'S DEGREE IN HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT)
‌
Undergraduate Healthcare Programs
Biology (BA + BS)
Business: Healthcare Management
Chemistry: Pre-Medical
Healthcare Management
Healthcare Management Minor
Kinesiology: Fitness and Wellness
Kinesiology: Health and Human Performance
Kinesiology: Lifespan and Allied Health
Medical Science Professions Program
What Students are Saying
I believe in the kinds of nurses we are putting out. I love the fact that I’m a ‘Concordia nurse.’ There’s a solidarity in this program.

Jessica Parris ABSN ’13
Labor & Delivery, St. Joseph’s Hospital in Orange

‌
Previous Testimonial
‌
Next Testimonial
Healthcare at Concordia
It's the people that make the program
Alumni Interview: Keya Gupta
Alumni Interview: Lauren Williams
Studying Loss in Lockdowns
Student Team Participates in Case Study Competition
Concordia Master of Healthcare Administration Students are First Team in University History to Compete in Statewide Competition
Healthcare Roundtable
Three Positives in This Pandemic
Treating Body & Soul
Fulfilling Her Calling
Nursing Alumna Boosts Student Engagement


Previous Story


Next Story
Contact Us
Deans

Dr. Terry Olson
Dean of the School of Health and Human Sciences
terry.olson@cui.edu

Dr. Cheryl Smythe-Padgham
Assistant Dean and Director of Nursing
cheryl.smythe-padgham@cui.edu

Admissions Counselors

Melissa Hinrichs
Assistant Director and Academic Advisor, Healthcare Programs
melissa.hinrichs@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

