https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/academic-coaching/become-peer-tutor
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Academic Coaching
Tutoring Services
Writing Studio
Upcoming Workshops
Related Links
Become a Peer Tutor
ACADEMIC COACHING
Become a Peer Tutor

A great leadership and resume building opportunity
Becoming a Peer Tutor is a great on-campus part-time employment opportunity for qualified Concordia University Irvine undergraduate students. Tutoring allows for flex time as tutors create a work schedule around their own classes (minimum commitment of 6 hours per week for the course(s) they tutor).

Students who meet the qualifications are encouraged to apply to become peer tutors. Freshmen and transfers can apply during their second semester at Concordia. Please follow these steps:

Read the list of qualifications below.
Click on Courses with Tutors to find out which courses offer peer tutoring.
Request a recommendation from a faculty member in the department with the course(s) you wish to tutor by sending them the Faculty Recommendation Form. Inform your reference that the recommendation must be completed for your application to be considered.
Complete the Peer Tutor Application.

If you meet the minimum qualifications, you will be contacted by the Tutoring Coordinator, Jacob Lange, and may be asked for an interview.

Most hiring occurs before a semester begins.

Qualifications

Want to help others succeed?
Tutoring Services employs current undergraduate Concordia University students based on their academic achievement, expertise, depth in subject(s) which they plan to tutor, and professor recommendation.

Students interested in this position must be able to:

Maintain an overall GPA of 3.0 or higher
Earn an A or B as a final grade in course(s) taken at Concordia that they plan to tutor
Balance academics and work
Clearly communicate course content in a way that is meaningful
Apply effective learning approaches to students with a range of abilities
Relate well with students from diverse educational, cultural, and social backgrounds
Attend tutor training sessions and meetings
Meet regularly with supervising professor
Commit a minimum of 6 hours per week per course
Receive strong recommendations from faculty
Fill out a Peer Tutor Application

Questions? Contact Jacob Lange, the Tutor Coordinator, at jacob.lange@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

