https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/writing-studio/index/id/20511
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Writing Studio

About
Make an Appointment
Online Writing Lab
Workshops
Job Application
Resources
Voice Paint
Grammarly
Make an Appointment
WRITING STUDIO

UPDATE: While face masks are no longer required for on-campus appointments in the Writing Studio, students who prefer to wear them are welcome to do so.

The CUI Writing Studio now offers these types of appointments:
1. Face-to-face writing and speaking consultations in the Writing Studio

This option is for traditional undergraduate students. 

MAKE AN APPOINTMENT

2. Email submissions via the Online Writing Lab (OWL)

This option is for our veterans, graduate students, certificate program students, nursing students, students in online classes, and faculty/staff only. Online Writing Lab consultants are graduate students and/or professionals in their fields. You will receive written feedback by the end of two business days.

Writing consultant feedback will address global concerns in your paper, such as the clarity of your ideas, organization, structure, format, and style. Although our consultants will not proofread or line-edit your work, they will point out patterns of grammatical or stylistic errors and offer suggestions for improvement.

Uploading your paper to the OWL is easy:

Register and log in to our online scheduling system.
Make sure you are viewing the “OWL Email Submissions” schedule by clicking the dropdown menu at the top of the calendar and selecting “OWL Email Submissions.”
To upload your paper, select an open slot by clicking on a white box and filling out the appointment form.
Once the form is filled out, you will be able to upload your paper.
You will receive feedback via email by the end of two business days from the day next to the slot you selected.

UPLOAD A PAPER NOW!

3. Video Consultations

This option is for graduate students in the School of Education who would like to meet virtually with a writing consultant to discuss their writing project in real time.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

