https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/firstgen/get-involved
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
First-Generation Students
Get Involved
FirstGen Tips
HSI
Resources 
Transfers
Events
Visit
Apply
Get Involved
Hispanic Leadership Advisory Council

Concordia's Hispanic Leadership Advisory Council (HLAC) is looking for two students to join the Council. Since 2017, high-profile community leaders have been volunteering their time on the HLAC with one goal in mind: to help Concordia become a thriving designated Hispanic-Serving Institution (HSI).

LEARN MORE
Clubs & Organizations

What would it be like to donate food that you’ve grown in a sustainable community garden? Or to be part of a business or medical fraternity, or a cultural club like Nuestra Voz or Black Student Union? Check out Concordia's list of clubs and organizations.

VISIT CLUBS & ORGANIZATIONS
The Arts

Did you know that you don’t have to be a Music major to be part of one of Concordia’s choirs or ensembles? You can also be part of a theatre production just for the love of acting. Contact auditions@cui.edu to learn more.

VISIT THE ARTS
Intramural Sports

Did you know that you can play volleyball, flag football, dodgeball, and other sports just for fun, and to meet new students?

VISIT INTRAMURAL SPORTS
Student Leadership

Want to be a Resident Assistant and support students living on campus? Or be a Peer Advisory Leader and plan events? Coordinate Peer Health? Or take part in mission trips? Serve in student government and help enact change on campus.

VISIT STUDENT LEADERSHIP
Volunteer at the Marine Lab

Volunteer at the Marine Lab here on Concordia’s campus. Help lead outreach events in the lab, or through our traveling touch tanks. At the same time, learn about marine biology, or do marine science research alongside faculty.

VISIT CONCORDIA MARINE LAB
Volunteer at the Heritage Garden

Tucked on a hillside on our campus is a sustainable garden growing vegetables, fruits, and native plants creating a habitat for native birds, butterflies and other pollinators. Become a regular volunteer, or attend special events.

VISIT THE HERITAGE GARDEN
Student Life

Discover more about student life at Concordia University Irvine.

VISIT STUDENT LIFE
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

