https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/firstgen/resources-for-students
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
First-Generation Students
Get Involved
FirstGen Tips
HSI
Resources 
Transfers
Events
Visit
Apply
Resources for Students
FIRST-GENERATION STUDENTS

Whether you’ve transferred from a community college or are attending Concordia University Irvine directly from high school, we get that being the first in your family to attend college can have its challenges. In the end, though, when you cross that finish line called graduation, these trials are designed to make you stronger and more resilient.

Academic Advising

Want to know how many units you should take? Or if you’re on track to graduate? Meet your Academic Advisor and get on track.

Visit the Office of Academic Advising

Campus Ministry

No matter your background, join others during chapel, or at abbey west—our university campus church for students regardless of where you are in your spiritual journey—or serve on mission trips.

Visit Campus Ministry

Career Services

Curious about what you can do with your major? Or which employers are hiring? What if you could learn tips on how to write a resume and cover letter?

Visit Career Services

Community Service

Do you have a heart to serve? Learn how you can do that at Concordia.

Visit Community Service

Commuter Students

Like free Krispy Kreme donuts? Or $1 lunches? If you’re a commuter, get plugged into commuter outreach events.

Visit Commuter Students

CUI Connect

CUI Connect is a free online platform where students can connect with Concordia alumni. Interested in a certain career or profession? Learn first-hand what a day-in-the-life can look like from Concordia alumni who work in it.

Visit CUI Connect

Financial Aid

Tips on debt management, lists of outside scholarships, ways to access your financial aid award, and more are available here.

Visit Financial Aid

First-Year Experience

Whether it’s your first year at Concordia as a freshman or a transfer student, FYE offers help with making that transition through a variety of resources.

Visit First-Year Experience

Residential Education & Services

If you’re interested in living on campus, this page is for you. Learn about Concordia’s different residence halls, resident assistants (RA), and more.

Visit Residential Education & Services

Student Events Calendar

Stay up to date on Heritage Garden work days, study sessions, theatre performances, and more.

Visit Student Events Calendar

Study Abroad

Interested in studying abroad? And earning academic units at the same time?

Visit Study Abroad

Academic Coaching

Are you struggling with a subject, and could use some extra help? Or, are you knowledgeable in a subject, able to teach others, and would like to earn extra money on campus?

Visit Academic Coaching

Wellness Center

Whether you have a cold, need an immunization, or want to talk with someone in a confidential setting, the Wellness Center is here for you.

Visit the Wellness Center

Work Study & Internships

Did you know that Concordia has provided more than 500 students with jobs on campus in the past? If you’re looking to earn money, without having to commute, see if work study is for you. And if you’re eager to get real-life experience in your career, check out internships offered by local employers.

Visit Concordia Careers

Writing Studio

Biology major or business major? Either way, writing is important in school as well as in your career. Visit the Writing Studio for help with brainstorming, editing, and more.

Visit the Writing Studio

Concordia First-Gen Experience
Diego Del Risco Orbegoso '20
Seizing Opportunities

The University puts opportunities there for anyone to grasp and I’ve tried to take all of them as best I could.

Diego Perez '17
First-Gen Forensics Performance

I am a first-generation student and first-generation born here in the U.S. Both my parents were born in Mexico. I wanted to continue my education.

Henry Alonzo, MBA '09
Restarting a Dream by Putting Learning Into Practice

I am proof of the American Dream, and I have my education to thank for that.

SEE MORE FIRSTGEN TIPS



Previous Story


Next Story
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

