https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/history-political-thought
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
History & Political Thought Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
History and Political Thought
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Prepare for Your Future with a Degree in History and Political Thought

The History and Political Thought major strives to equip you to “see life steadily and see it whole.” The interdisciplinary nature of the courses required for this major focus on the human experience across time and space by studying the lives and ideas of individuals and examining the ethos and character of societies. All of our questions revolve around the essential human questions of "What should I believe?", "How should I be governed?", and "What is the nature of social equality?"

As a History and Political Thought major at Concordia University Irvine, you will find that our highly qualified faculty members are committed to providing a rigorous environment where you can pursue your own goals, as well as the necessary skills to become wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens – wherever your career leads you.

Political Science vs. Political Thought

You may wonder why we do not have the now common name "political science," but rather "political thought." It’s because, in the classical tradition, we see politics as encompassing all of life.

If you think you might be interested in eventually going on to law school, this degree will serve you well with a broad introduction to historical and political foundations. With this background, you will be well-equipped to learn the vocational and practical (the "scientific") aspects of the political and legal system.

Check out how we develop Wise, Honorable, and Cultivated Citizens!

Ready to Apply?
APPLY HERE
Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s History and Political Thought major are applying what they’ve learned and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Defending Religious Liberty

Chase Harrington ‘15

Since graduating from Concordia, Chase has earned his law degree from Duke University School of Law, and served on the US Court of Appeals. Here, he reflects on the Q&I core curriculum, how enduring faith impresses upon our vocations, and upholding human dignity.

READ STORY
Beginning her Academic Journey of Critical Thinking

Rebecca Lott '14

Through the curriculum, professors, and life experiences, Rebecca reflects on her maturing and growth as she has journeyed through her undergraduate education and is in the process of completing her PhD.

READ STORY
Excellence as a Student and Coach

Amanda Ozaki-Laughon '15

As a History and Political Thought major, Amanda helped the CUI debate team win the 2013 and 2015 National Parliamentary Debate Association (NPDA) Sweepstakes National Championship awards. Now Concordia Irvine’s director of debate, Amanda has been part of CUI’s forensics program for seven years as the squad has risen from obscurity to become a national powerhouse.

READ STORY
How History Informs the Present

Richard Solis '12, MBA '19

A 2012 History and Political Thought graduate, Richard reflects on examining information, understanding counter-arguments, and dedication.

READ STORY
Opportunities for History and Political Thought Majors

History and Political Thought graduates are able to conceptualize and articulate important elements of selected disciplines within the social sciences through persuasive written and oral communication. Our students are often a tight-knit group that study and socialize together. They have found that their involvement in opportunities like the following sharpen their employable skills.

Academic Opportunities

As a History and Political Thought major, you can choose to combine your degree with a related minor. The nature of this degree will also prepare you to transition into graduate studies for law or related fields of study.

American Studies Minor
History Minor
Law and Politics Minor
Extracurricular Activities

The History and Political Thought Department offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions through our Forensics team.

Around-the-World Semester®
CUI Bono
Forensics
Mission and Service Learning
Phi Alpha Theta
President’s Academic Showcase
Study Abroad
The Franciscan
Trinity Law School’s Summer Human Rights Institute, The Hague, Netherlands
Young Americans for Freedom
Internships

Concordia University Irvine enjoys good working relationships with a variety of law firms in LA and Orange Counties, as well as national political institutions and influential “think tanks.” Below are just a few examples of where our stud