 your degree with a related minor. The nature of this degree will also prepare you to transition into graduate studies for law or related fields of study.

American Studies Minor
History Minor
Law and Politics Minor
Extracurricular Activities

The History and Political Thought Department offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions through our Forensics team.

Around-the-World Semester®
CUI Bono
Forensics
Mission and Service Learning
Phi Alpha Theta
President’s Academic Showcase
Study Abroad
The Franciscan
Trinity Law School’s Summer Human Rights Institute, The Hague, Netherlands
Young Americans for Freedom
Internships

Concordia University Irvine enjoys good working relationships with a variety of law firms in LA and Orange Counties, as well as national political institutions and influential “think tanks.” Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

American Enterprise Institute (DC)
California Policy Center (Orange County)
Fund for American Studies (DC)
Heritage Foundation, Washington, D.C.
Independence Institute (Denver)
Semitic Museum of Harvard University
U.S. House of Representatives
Graduate Schools Attended
Baylor University
Duke University School of Law
University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) Law
University of Chicago
University of St. Andrews
University of Southern California (USC)
History and Political Thought Curriculum

Our focused curriculum does not chase after trends, but rather provides a classic study of the great western tradition. Cohesive courses cover a broad range of topics and have rigorous reading and writing requirements.

SAMPLE HISTORY AND POLITICAL THOUGHT COURSES
HST 332: Ancient Greece and Rome
3

The history of ancient Greece and Rome from the time of Homer to the fall of the Roman Empire will be examined in this course with particular emphasis on Greek and Roman politics, socio-economic life and structures, classical culture and philosophy, and the rise of Christianity. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202.


POL 321: Political Thought I: Ancient to Early Modern - OR - POL 322: Political Thought II: The Enlightenment
3

POL 321: Political Thought I: Ancient to Early Modern -This course will analyze the nuances and trace the development of Western political thought from classical Greece to 17th century northern Europe with attention given to the questions facing every generation concerning the nature of political association and the good society. Students will become familiar with each major political thinker, the context in which they wrote, and influence upon the history of ideas.

OR

POL 322: Political Thought II: The Enlightenment - 

This course will analyze the nuances and trace the development of Western political thought from the early Enlightenment (17th century) to the present with attention given to the questions facing every generation concerning the nature of political association and the good society. Students will become familiar with each major political thinker, the context in which they wrote, and their influence upon the history of ideas.

LAT 101: Fundamentals of Latin I
4

This course will study the fundamentals of the Latin language including morphology, syntax, and vocabulary for reading simple passages of Latin prose and poetry.


HST 410: Mythology
3

The reception of classical antiquity depends on both the stories the ancients told themselves, as well as their interpretation and reinscription in subsequent times and places. This course traces the debt moderns owe to the earliest recorded stories that shaped civilizations, both to appreciate the stories in their own historical context as well as consider the responses (both those that identify with antiquity and those that assume its alienation) of succeeding eras, culminating in critical consideration of contemporary cultural evocation of the classical tradition. Prerequisite: CHST 201 or CHST 202 or HST 201.


HST 371: Islamic Civilization
3

This introductory course into the lands, peoples, and cultures of the Middle East from antiquity to modern times, will include the role of religion in shaping social and political institutions, and the influence of Islamic thought on the Arab world and conflicts in the contemporary Middle East. Offered alternate years.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the History and Political Thought department guide students in an approach to learning through reading, research, and writing. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who look at the human experience over the course of the ages so that students gain an appreciation and understanding of the social sciences. The faculty are accomplished scholars in their field, and look forward to mentoring students in and outside of the classroom.

Dr. Caleb Karges
Associate Professor of History and Political Thoug