he classical tradition. Prerequisite: CHST 201 or CHST 202 or HST 201.


HST 371: Islamic Civilization
3

This introductory course into the lands, peoples, and cultures of the Middle East from antiquity to modern times, will include the role of religion in shaping social and political institutions, and the influence of Islamic thought on the Arab world and conflicts in the contemporary Middle East. Offered alternate years.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the History and Political Thought department guide students in an approach to learning through reading, research, and writing. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who look at the human experience over the course of the ages so that students gain an appreciation and understanding of the social sciences. The faculty are accomplished scholars in their field, and look forward to mentoring students in and outside of the classroom.

Dr. Caleb Karges
Associate Professor of History and Political Thought

Caleb Karges ‘09 earned his PhD from the University of St. Andrews in 2016. He was awarded the André Corvisier Prize for his PhD thesis in military history. Dr. Karges’ research interests are in the history of war and international relations. He has published works on warfare, diplomacy, strategy, and logistics.

Dr. Kathryn Galchutt
Professor of History and Political Thought

Dr. Kathryn Galchutt received her B.A. from Concordia, St. Paul, and her M.A. and Ph.D. from Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.  She previously was Professor of History and Chair of the History Department and Chair of Interdisciplinary Studies at Concordia College New York. Dr. Galchutt is the author of The Career of Andrew Schulze, 1924-1968:  Lutherans and Race in the Civil Rights Era, published through Mercer University Press.  She has presented and published on historic Lutheran communities in Milwaukee, Chicago, Harlem, and Brooklyn. Her most recent publication is “Lutherans and the Civil Rights Struggle in Selma,” published in the Journal of the Lutheran Historical Conference.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

HISTORY FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch
For questions about the History and Political Thought major, contact:

Clinton J. Armstrong
Chair of History and Political Thought
clinton.armstrong@cui.edu
(949) 214-3407

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

