https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/history-political-thought
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
History & Political Thought Major
Curriculum
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
History and Political Thought
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Prepare for Your Future with a Degree in History and Political Thought

The History and Political Thought major strives to equip you to “see life steadily and see it whole.” The interdisciplinary nature of the courses required for this major focus on the human experience across time and space by studying the lives and ideas of individuals and examining the ethos and character of societies. All of our questions revolve around the essential human questions of "What should I believe?", "How should I be governed?", and "What is the nature of social equality?"

As a History and Political Thought major at Concordia University Irvine, you will find that our highly qualified faculty members are committed to providing a rigorous environment where you can pursue your own goals, as well as the necessary skills to become wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens – wherever your career leads you.

Political Science vs. Political Thought

You may wonder why we do not have the now common name "political science," but rather "political thought." It’s because, in the classical tradition, we see politics as encompassing all of life.

If you think you might be interested in eventually going on to law school, this degree will serve you well with a broad introduction to historical and political foundations. With this background, you will be well-equipped to learn the vocational and practical (the "scientific") aspects of the political and legal system.

Check out how we develop Wise, Honorable, and Cultivated Citizens!

Ready to Apply?
APPLY HERE
Student and Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s History and Political Thought major are applying what they’ve learned and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Defending Religious Liberty

Chase Harrington ‘15

Since graduating from Concordia, Chase has earned his law degree from Duke University School of Law, and served on the US Court of Appeals. Here, he reflects on the Q&I core curriculum, how enduring faith impresses upon our vocations, and upholding human dignity.

READ STORY
Beginning her Academic Journey of Critical Thinking

Rebecca Lott '14

Through the curriculum, professors, and life experiences, Rebecca reflects on her maturing and growth as she has journeyed through her undergraduate education and is in the process of completing her PhD.

READ STORY
Excellence as a Student and Coach

Amanda Ozaki-Laughon '15

As a History and Political Thought major, Amanda helped the CUI debate team win the 2013 and 2015 National Parliamentary Debate Association (NPDA) Sweepstakes National Championship awards. Now Concordia Irvine’s director of debate, Amanda has been part of CUI’s forensics program for seven years as the squad has risen from obscurity to become a national powerhouse.

READ STORY
How History Informs the Present

Richard Solis '12, MBA '19

A 2012 History and Political Thought graduate, Richard reflects on examining information, understanding counter-arguments, and dedication.

READ STORY
Opportunities for History and Political Thought Majors

History and Political Thought graduates are able to conceptualize and articulate important elements of selected disciplines within the social sciences through persuasive written and oral communication. Our students are often a tight-knit group that study and socialize together. They have found that their involvement in opportunities like the following sharpen their employable skills.

Academic Opportunities

As a History and Political Thought major, you can choose to combine your degree with a related minor. The nature of this degree will also prepare you to transition into graduate studies for law or related fields of study.

American Studies Minor
History Minor
Law and Politics Minor
Extracurricular Activities

The History and Political Thought Department offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions through our Forensics team.

Around-the-World Semester®
CUI Bono
Forensics
Mission and Service Learning
Phi Alpha Theta
President’s Academic Showcase
Study Abroad
The Franciscan
Trinity Law School’s Summer Human Rights Institute, The Hague, Netherlands
Young Americans for Freedom
Internships

Concordia University Irvine enjoys good working relationships with a variety of law firms in LA and Orange Counties, as well as national political institutions and influential “think tanks.” Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

American Enterprise Institute (DC)
California Policy Center (Orange County)
Fund for American Studies (DC)
Heritage Foundation, Washington, D.C.
Independence Institute (Denver)
Semitic Museum of Harvard University
U.S. House of Representatives
Graduate Schools Attended
Baylor University
Duke University School of Law
University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) Law
University of Chicago
University of St. Andrews
University of Southern California (USC)
History and Political Thought Curriculum

Our focused curriculum does not chase after trends, but rather provides a classic study of the great western tradition. Cohesive courses cover a broad range of topics and have rigorous reading and writing requirements.

SAMPLE HISTORY AND POLITICAL THOUGHT COURSES
HST 332: Ancient Greece and Rome
3

The history of ancient Greece and Rome from the time of Homer to the fall of the Roman Empire will be examined in this course with particular emphasis on Greek and Roman politics, socio-economic life and structures, classical culture and philosophy, and the rise of Christianity. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202.


POL 321: Political Thought I: Ancient to Early Modern - OR - POL 322: Political Thought II: The Enlightenment
3

POL 321: Political Thought I: Ancient to Early Modern -This course will analyze the nuances and trace the development of Western political thought from classical Greece to 17th century northern Europe with attention given to the questions facing every generation concerning the nature of political association and the good society. Students will become familiar with each major political thinker, the context in which they wrote, and influence upon the history of ideas.

OR

POL 322: Political Thought II: The Enlightenment - 

This course will analyze the nuances and trace the development of Western political thought from the early Enlightenment (17th century) to the present with attention given to the questions facing every generation concerning the nature of political association and the good society. Students will become familiar with each major political thinker, the context in which they wrote, and their influence upon the history of ideas.

LAT 101: Fundamentals of Latin I
4

This course will study the fundamentals of the Latin language including morphology, syntax, and vocabulary for reading simple passages of Latin prose and poetry.


HST 410: Mythology
3

The reception of classical antiquity depends on both the stories the ancients told themselves, as well as their interpretation and reinscription in subsequent times and places. This course traces the debt moderns owe to the earliest recorded stories that shaped civilizations, both to appreciate the stories in their own historical context as well as consider the responses (both those that identify with antiquity and those that assume its alienation) of succeeding eras, culminating in critical consideration of contemporary cultural evocation of the classical tradition. Prerequisite: CHST 201 or CHST 202 or HST 201.


HST 371: Islamic Civilization
3

This introductory course into the lands, peoples, and cultures of the Middle East from antiquity to modern times, will include the role of religion in shaping social and political institutions, and the influence of Islamic thought on the Arab world and conflicts in the contemporary Middle East. Offered alternate years.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the History and Political Thought department guide students in an approach to learning through reading, research, and writing. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who look at the human experience over the course of the ages so that students gain an appreciation and understanding of the social sciences. The faculty are accomplished scholars in their field, and look forward to mentoring students in and outside of the classroom.

Dr. Caleb Karges
Associate Professor of History and Political Thought

Caleb Karges ‘09 earned his PhD from the University of St. Andrews in 2016. He was awarded the André Corvisier Prize for his PhD thesis in military history. Dr. Karges’ research interests are in the history of war and international relations. He has published works on warfare, diplomacy, strategy, and logistics.

Dr. Kathryn Galchutt
Professor of History and Political Thought

Dr. Kathryn Galchutt received her B.A. from Concordia, St. Paul, and her M.A. and Ph.D. from Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.  She previously was Professor of History and Chair of the History Department and Chair of Interdisciplinary Studies at Concordia College New York. Dr. Galchutt is the author of The Career of Andrew Schulze, 1924-1968:  Lutherans and Race in the Civil Rights Era, published through Mercer University Press.  She has presented and published on historic Lutheran communities in Milwaukee, Chicago, Harlem, and Brooklyn. Her most recent publication is “Lutherans and the Civil Rights Struggle in Selma,” published in the Journal of the Lutheran Historical Conference.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

HISTORY FACULTY TALK TO A PROFESSOR

Get in Touch
For questions about the History and Political Thought major, contact:

Clinton J. Armstrong
Chair of History and Political Thought
clinton.armstrong@cui.edu
(949) 214-3407

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

