 Westfield House. Luther Hall is equipped with two full kitchens where students may prepare their own meals, as well as a common room and laundry machines. Several grocery stores, pubs, and restaurants are within easy walking distance of Luther Hall.

Daily chapels are held at Resurrection Lutheran Church on the Westfield House campus, as well as a weekly service on Sunday. Choral Evensong - a traditional, English chapel service - is held every evening at several of the various colleges of Cambridge University, including King’s College and St. John’s College.

Luther Hall is within easy walking distance of the city center of Cambridge, which has many shops, an open air market, and several of the colleges of the University. Students will also have the opportunity to take trips throughout England in association with some of the courses offered at Westfield House.

All students of Concordia University, Irvine may apply for the Concordia Cambridge Programme, but Honors students are given priority. Students must achieve and maintain a 3.0+ GPA to be accepted into the program. Honors students will receive 6 Honors Points for participation.

Interested students should speak with either Faith McKinney, the director of study abroad, or Dr. Scott Ashmon, Provost. Additional information can be found here.

‌
You want to participate in the Around-the-World semester! Here’s what you need to know:

The Around-the-World semester is a unique opportunity offered once every two years to gain a global perspective by traveling to 10 different countries over the course of a semester with a group of peers and professors. Each student earns 18 units of course credit and will receive a minor in Global Cultural Studies. Classes are taught by Concordia faculty members that lead the trip, and are further supplemented by visiting  Concordia University Irvine professors at different points along the journey. Each student critically engages with primary literary and religious texts from each country to provide a cultural background that will shape their experiences with the varied cultures they will encounter along the way.

Honors students who participate in the Around-The-World Semester are awarded 3 points in the Honors Program (for the Global Cultural Studies minor).

For further questions, interested students may direct their queries to atw@cui.edu. Additional information can be found here.

‌
You want to study abroad! Here’s what you need to know:
Contact the CUI Study Abroad office for any and all opportunities (949)-214-3471
Any honors points for study abroad will be negotiated before the trip and will depend on the nature of your study and experience.
Depending on scope, classes, activities, purpose, and service, it is entirely possible for a study abroad program to qualify for 1-3 points.
‌
You want to take a New-to-You foreign language! Here’s what you need to know:

Residential foreign language study at Concordia University counts for honors points just like honors courses. 4 points are awarded for successful completion of any 101 - 102 sequence; every semester-long class of 3 or more credit hours of language study taken at the 200 level or above awards 2 honors points per class.

Residential language courses regularly offered at  Concordia University Irvine include Greek, Latin, Hebrew, and Spanish. Other language opportunities may qualify for honors points; contact the Honors Director for details.

Contact Us
Feel free to reach out for more information!

honors@cui.edu

Dr. CJ Armstrong, Honors Program Director
Phone: (949) 214-3407
Email: clinton.armstrong@cui.edu

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

