https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/academics/honors/explained
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Honors Program

APPLY FOR THE HONORS PROGRAM AND SCHOLARSHIP

SCHOLARSHIP & SERVICE
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Honors Program
Students Present Research at Academic Conference

The Honors Program at Concordia University Irvine provides highly capable, curious, and accomplished students with special opportunities to pursue their scholarly interests.

In the Honors Program, students and professors investigate and navigate together what life is and what it should be. They wrestle with life’s pressing questions, issues, and problems. They discuss prominent conceptions of truth, goodness, and beauty. They seek solutions to serve the world and secure their neighbor’s welfare.

Honors students have the ability and opportunity to explore broadly and to dig deeply into life with professors and peers. They also have the responsibility to use their minds in insightful and loving ways for others.

The words of Saint Paul in his letter to Christians in Philippi guide us in this academic calling.

Whatever is true, whatever is honorable, whatever is just, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is commendable, if there is any excellence, if there is anything worthy of praise, think about these things.

Philippians 4:8

Previous Testimonial
Next Verse
Benefits of the Honors Program

In addition to taking our nationally-recognized Enduring Questions & Ideas (Q&I) curriculum, which one higher education publication has called “an honors program for everybody,” Honors students can:

Take Honors sections of courses that are smaller, more challenging, and interactive
Pursue individualized research with a professor for the President’s Academic Showcase or for an Honors Investigation
Study abroad with the Concordia Cambridge Program in the sophomore year
The quality of professors and course material helped my faith and intellect grow in new ways.
Honors Qualifications

To qualify for the Honors Program, first-time college students must achieve the following:

High School GPA of 3.7 (cumulative and weighted)

Students who meet this minimum standard are invited to submit an application to join the Honors Program.

Current  Concordia University Irvine students who are similarly academically qualified and motivated may petition into the Honors Program.

As an Honors student my professors challenged me to think deeper and to critically examine what I was learning and how to apply it to my life.
Honors Scholarship

First-time college students who meet the Honors Program’s minimum academic qualifications are invited to apply for the Honors Scholarship (amount for Fall 2024 yet to be determined). This is awarded to qualified students after applying to and being accepted into  Concordia University Irvine and the Honors Program. 

Deadline for application is December 1st. Applicants must have been accepted to the university by this time.

APPLY NOW

Presidential Honors Scholarship

First-time college students with a weighed cumulative high school GPA of 3.9 or higher are invited to apply for the Presidential Honors Scholarship. This is  Concordia University Irvine's highest academic merit award and covers up to 100% of tuition each year. This is a highly competitive scholarship with a limited number of awards. It is awarded after applying to and being accepted into C Concordia University Irvine and the Honors Program.

Deadline for application is December 1st. Applicants must have been accepted to the university by this time.

APPLY NOW

Good Standing & Graduation Requirements

To remain in good standing in the Honors Program, Honors Scholars must maintain a cumulative GPA of 3.3 or higher; this is checked at the end of each academic year. Honors Scholars must do an Honors Investigation, or a President's Academic Showcase, by their junior year. Presidential Honors Scholars need to maintain a cumulative GPA of 3.5 or higher; this is checked at the end of each academic year. They must do a President's Academic Showcase by their junior year. Both must also make progress each year toward graduating with distinction as an Honors Associate or an Honors Scholar. Other Honors students without a scholarship in the Honors Program must maintain a cumulative GPA of 3.3 or higher, which is checked at the end of each academic year. They are also encouraged to work toward achieving the distinction of Honors Associate or Honors Scholar.

Honors Associate
Accumulate 12 points, including one Honors Investigation or President’s Academic Showcase
Honors Scholar
Accumulate 18 points, including one Honors Investigation or President’s Academic Showcase

Points may be accrued through a combination of Honors points listed below.

Honors Point Menu
Courses designated as H(onors) sections (and other course option