h the necessary work in that course’s curriculum but also to go above and beyond the requirements of the typical classroom. The two of you can agree on a reasonable scope to satisfy honors level work for that course, and submit the plan to the CUI Honors director on an “Honors Investigation” application, found in your Honors folder in Google Drive!

‌
You want to do an Honors Investigation! Here’s what you need to know:

Investigations are born from your independent research or creative work under the guidance of a mentor professor. Narrow down a topic and find a professor to mentor you. Or chat with a prof and develop a topic together. This is as much about the relationship you engage with a professor here at  Concordia University Irvine as it is about producing research or a creative project.

Once you have a topic, a scope, and a timeline, apply to do the Honors Investigation. The application is available in your honors portfolio (named YourLastName, YourFirstName), which you can access in Google Drive via your eagles account.

Completed Honors Investigations earn 1, 2, or 3 points towards graduating as an Honors Associate or Scholar. A 3-point project embraces a scope of an entire semester’s worth of work, the equivalent of which you’d complete in a 3-unit undergraduate course of independent study, that is, a 15-week semester’s worth of work in one course. Understand that the timeline in a regular class normally comprises about 45 hours of face-to-face time, and an additional 90 hours of reading, writing, thinking, digesting, and producing work for such classes. You should anticipate that a 3-unit Honors Investigation will take a semester’s worth of work, about 120-140 hours to complete, including face-to-face time with your mentor professor and your independent work.

Final projects for such work can be anything approved by your faculty mentor (a paper, a creative project, whatever), whose signature confirms you’ve done the requisite research and work towards the final offering. If it’s a term paper, this would look like a substantial study of about 25 pages.

On the same analogy, a 2-point project (including Honors Investigations that are undertaken to count as “honors section credit” in conjunction with a typical class section) should aim at 15-17 pages; a 1-point project should aim at 8-10 pages. Creative work that does not result in a written offering should consider the equivalency of scope (hours of work to produce the relative results: 45 hours, 90 hours, 135 hours).

Your mentor professor’s time is remunerated based on point value ($100 per point); this comes from the CUI Honors program and is not billed to you.

It is also possible to engage an Honors Investigation for course credit. I encourage you to look carefully at your grad plan with your major adviser (the department chair or other faculty member who is the champion of your major, minor, or other program) to ensure that such a course would work, and that any course substitutions are confirmed and duly noted with university advising and the registrar. A separate form for engaging an Honors Investigation as an Independent Study is available in the office of the registrar.

APPLY NOW

‌
You want to do a President’s Academic Showcase! Here’s what you need to know:

Showcase represents a unique opportunity for Concordia students to participate in competitive research encompassing all departments on campus. Similar to an Honors Investigation, students will work one on one with a professor to create a research project. Expand a class paper that you are proud of. Pursue an avenue of research that you are uniquely interested in. If you have no idea what to do, approach a professor and work with them to develop an appropriate topic.

Just like Investigations, Showcases also can be worth either 1, 2, or 3 points. A 3 point project should be around 25 pages long, and should have taken 120-140 hours to complete, between face-to-face time with the professor and independent work. A 2 point project should be 15-17 pages, and a 1 point project should be 8-10 pages. These points will count towards graduation as an Honors Scholar or Honors Associate, and may also be submitted for class credit. Students must fill out a separate form available in the Registrar’s Office to receive class credit.

Students are required to complete a research paper and prepare a presentation for the Academic Showcase. The paper can be a maximum of 25 pages. The student must then prepare a poster and will present their research to the showcase judges alongside all of the other participants. Based on the paper and poster presentation, five finalists will be selected for Tier 1 and winners will be selected for Tier 2. The Tier 1 finalists will then prepare a 15-minute oral presentation for the judges, who will select the winners. All finalists and winners receive a monetary prize for their achievement, based on their placement. There is also an award given for the student with the