cademic Showcase, by their junior year. Presidential Honors Scholars need to maintain a cumulative GPA of 3.5 or higher; this is checked at the end of each academic year. They must do a President's Academic Showcase by their junior year. Both must also make progress each year toward graduating with distinction as an Honors Associate or an Honors Scholar. Other Honors students without a scholarship in the Honors Program must maintain a cumulative GPA of 3.3 or higher, which is checked at the end of each academic year. They are also encouraged to work toward achieving the distinction of Honors Associate or Honors Scholar.

Honors Associate
Accumulate 12 points, including one Honors Investigation or President’s Academic Showcase
Honors Scholar
Accumulate 18 points, including one Honors Investigation or President’s Academic Showcase

Points may be accrued through a combination of Honors points listed below.

Honors Point Menu
Courses designated as H(onors) sections (and other course options)	2 points each
Honors Investigations with a professor	1-3 points each
President's Academic Showcase with a professor	1-3 points each
Concordia Cambridge Program	6 points
Around-the-World Semester	3 points for its Global Cultural Studies minor
Study Abroad through another program	Variable points
Foreign Language: New-to-You (2 semesters)	4 points
Foreign Language: Continuing study of one language at intermediate or advanced college level	2 points per semester
Double Major	8 points
Minor outside of the major	3 points each
I am currently doing an Honor Investigation and it is awesome to be able to dive deeper into something I’m passionate about with one of my professors.
Honors Courses
‌
You want to register for an Honors class! Here’s what you need to know:

Although the CUI Honors Program is much more than just Honors courses, we do offer several classes targeted specifically towards students who desire higher academic and intellectual achievement. These courses (denoted with an H section) are designed to challenge students and promote a deeper, more disciplined dive into an environment of academic discourse.

Honors classes are reserved only for students in the CUI Honors program. The director of the program knows who is and who is not in the program. If you think you ought to be considered a CUI Honors student, please make an appointment with the director!

In some exceptional circumstances, students who want to take Honors classes can register for them, but this requires the approval of the CUI Honors program director. Make an appointment with the director for further details.

When Honors classes are offered, they generally offer credit for Q&I breadth required courses. They have a limited student to faculty ratio, and different standards than the regular undergraduate offering.

3-credit Honors courses are worth 2 points towards graduating as an Honors Associate or Scholar.

Register for these courses early and often! Anticipate these offerings in your own grad plan! They need students to make the course happen (low enrollment will shut them down). Over the last couple of years, the following Honors courses have been offered: INT 100, THL 201, THL 202, ART 111, COM 211, PHY 231, THR 111, WRT 201, PSY 101, THL 465

Honors sections will be offered for the following classes 2023-2024:

Fall 2023

ART 111 (Experiences in Art)
INT 100 (Virtue and Vocation)
WRT 201 (The Art of the Essay)

Spring 2024

COM 211 (Argumentation and Debate)
MUS 332 (Music History II)
PSY 101 (Introduction to Psychology)
THR 111 (Experiences in Theatre)
THL 202 (History and Literature of the New Testament)
THL 465 (Christians and Ethics)
‌
I want to take a class as an Honors class but it doesn’t offer an Honors section. What do I do?

This is where an “Honors Investigation” may work in your favor. First, talk to the faculty member who is teaching your class. Find out whether that person is willing to offer you a little extra time and effort to dive deeper, to accomplish the necessary work in that course’s curriculum but also to go above and beyond the requirements of the typical classroom. The two of you can agree on a reasonable scope to satisfy honors level work for that course, and submit the plan to the CUI Honors director on an “Honors Investigation” application, found in your Honors folder in Google Drive!

‌
You want to do an Honors Investigation! Here’s what you need to know:

Investigations are born from your independent research or creative work under the guidance of a mentor professor. Narrow down a topic and find a professor to mentor you. Or chat with a prof and develop a topic together. This is as much about the relationship you engage with a professor here at  Concordia University Irvine as it is about producing research or a creative project.

Once you have a topic, a scope, and a timeline, apply to do the Honors Investigation. The application is available in your honors portfolio (named YourLastName, YourFirstName), which you can ac