ent work. A 2 point project should be 15-17 pages, and a 1 point project should be 8-10 pages. These points will count towards graduation as an Honors Scholar or Honors Associate, and may also be submitted for class credit. Students must fill out a separate form available in the Registrar’s Office to receive class credit.

Students are required to complete a research paper and prepare a presentation for the Academic Showcase. The paper can be a maximum of 25 pages. The student must then prepare a poster and will present their research to the showcase judges alongside all of the other participants. Based on the paper and poster presentation, five finalists will be selected for Tier 1 and winners will be selected for Tier 2. The Tier 1 finalists will then prepare a 15-minute oral presentation for the judges, who will select the winners. All finalists and winners receive a monetary prize for their achievement, based on their placement. There is also an award given for the student with the best poster.

Academic Showcase projects are separated into Tier 1 and Tier 2. Tier 2 is reserved for underclassmen attempting their first showcase. Tier 1 is comprised of upperclassmen and students who have already participated in Tier 2. A Tier 1 project must be worth 3 points in order to be competitive.

The President’s Academic Showcase is handled by a committee outside of CUI Honors, and they set their own deadlines and keep their own records of who has completed showcase work, so you don’t have to submit any paperwork to CUI Honors to demonstrate your participation in the Showcase. But please take responsibility for observing Showcase deadlines – and remember that if you enjoy a scholarship that requires Showcase participation, CUI Honors must see evidence of your successful completion of the project by the spring term of your junior year (the year before you plan to graduate)! And please not: projects that satisfy scholarship requirements are 3-point projects.

‌
You want to present a paper/project at a student conference! Here’s what you need to know:
The honors program encourages undergraduate research in every discipline
Local conferences offer an opportunity publicly to share the fruits of research
Students whose papers are accepted for oral presentation, reading, or poster session at an approved conference may receive 1-3 honors points
Contact the honors director to ensure that it is an approved conference ahead of time
The university offers undergraduate research support in the form of funding that can assist in registration and travel expenses for conferences. Contact the dean of your college or talk to the honors director for details.
‌
You want to study abroad in Cambridge! Here’s what you need to know:

Concordia University, Irvine partners with Westfield House to give students the opportunity to live and study in the historic university town of Cambridge, UK. Students may take up to 15 credits in Cambridge, 3 of which must be the British Life and Culture Seminar. Classes are held on campus, which has a library, lecture room, and common meeting area, and are led by the faculty of Westfield House. They may also use one or two of their course credits to enroll in “Cambridge Experience” classes, which are held in several of the various colleges of the university. Students taking these courses attend lectures by Cambridge professors and are supervised and assessed by Westfield House faculty. In the British style, courses typically consist of relatively few lectures and little homework. Instead, students must read and work independently under the supervision of Westfield House professors in order to be prepared for assessments at the end of the semester. Students will also be issued a Cambridge University I.D. card which will grant them access to the University Library and several of the colleges.

Students will live together in Luther Hall, across the road from Westfield House, along with students from other universities studying at Westfield House. Luther Hall is equipped with two full kitchens where students may prepare their own meals, as well as a common room and laundry machines. Several grocery stores, pubs, and restaurants are within easy walking distance of Luther Hall.

Daily chapels are held at Resurrection Lutheran Church on the Westfield House campus, as well as a weekly service on Sunday. Choral Evensong - a traditional, English chapel service - is held every evening at several of the various colleges of Cambridge University, including King’s College and St. John’s College.

Luther Hall is within easy walking distance of the city center of Cambridge, which has many shops, an open air market, and several of the colleges of the University. Students will also have the opportunity to take trips throughout England in association with some of the courses offered at Westfield House.

All students of Concordia University, Irvine may apply for the Concordia Cambridge Programme, but Honors students are given p