https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/history
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
History Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
History Minor
SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

The Minor in History is designed for students interested in complimenting their major field of study with specialized courses focusing on particular eras and aspects of history. The program will also equip students interested in pursuing graduate work in the humanities and social sciences.

CHOOSE 6 OF THE FOLLOWING COURSES:
18 Units
HST 226: United States History
3

This survey course of U.S. history from colonial times to the present will include the political, economic, social, and cultural development at each phase of the country's growth and progress through the study of colonization, independence, early nationhood, sectional strife culminating in the Civil War, reconstruction, economic expansion, prosperity, depression, imperialism, reforms, two world wars, and contemporary tensions.


HST 321: A History of Popular Culture
3

Basic theories and approaches to the scholarly study of significant popular movements and customs in modern Western civilization will be presented in this course with special attention paid to the evolution of media and its effect on group identity, especially American popular culture in the 20th century. Offered alternate years.


HST 332: Ancient Greece and Rome
3

The history of ancient Greece and Rome from the time of Homer to the fall of the Roman Empire will be examined in this course with particular emphasis on Greek and Roman politics, socio-economic life and structures, classical culture and philosophy, and the rise of Christianity. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202.


HST 334: Medieval History
3

The emergence of Europe from the early Middle Ages to the Italian Renaissance will be examined in this course including the feudal society, the Christian church, cities and commerce, art and learning, and the rise of kings and nation states. Particular attention will be given to Europe's Greek and Roman legacy as transmitted by the Byzantine and Islamic civilizations. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202. Offered alternate years.


HST 336: The Renaissance and the Reformation
3

Europe from the 14th to the 17th century, the transitional period between medieval and modern history, will be examined in this course including the Italian Renaissance, the Northern Renaissance, the Lutheran Reformation, the Calvinist and Anglican Reformations, and the Roman Catholic Counter Reformation. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202. Offered alternate years.


HST 338: Modern European History
3

This course integrates various political, social, economic, and cultural phases of Europe's history from the 18th century to the present, including the French Revolution, industrialization, imperialism, the unification of Italy and Germany, communism, fascism; the two world wars, and the Cold War. It will also trace the major scientific, literary, and artistic developments through this era.


HST 341: Early Modern England
3

This course will present a thematic study of English culture and life from the reign of King Henry VIII through the war for American Independence with attention being paid to culture, governance, and factors that led to the expansion of the British Empire and the conflicts in North America. Offered alternate years.


HST 361: History of Propaganda and Persuasion
3

This course will provide an academic approach to the decidedly non-academic and pervasive modes of communication that have shaped the modern world with attention being paid to wartime propaganda in the two world wars, political campaigns in America, and product advertising in market economics. Offered alternate years.


HST 371: Islamic Civilization
3

This introductory course into the lands, peoples, and cultures of the Middle East from antiquity to modern times, will include the role of religion in shaping social and political institutions, and the influence of Islamic thought on the Arab world and conflicts in the contemporary Middle East. Offered alternate years.


HST 410: Mythology
3

The reception of classical antiquity depends on both the stories the ancients told themselves, as well as their interpretation and reinscription in subsequent times and places. This course traces the debt moderns owe to the earliest recorded stories that shaped civilizations, both to appreciate the stories in their own historical context as well as consider the responses (both those that identify with antiquity and those that assume its alienation) of succeeding eras, culminating in critical consideration of contemporary cultural evocation of the classical tradition. Prerequisite: CHST 20