https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/writing-studio/meet-the-staff
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Writing Studio

About
Make an Appointment
Online Writing Lab
Workshops
Job Application
Resources
Voice Paint
Grammarly
Meet the Staff
WRITING STUDIO
Meet the On-site Writing Studio Staff
Dylan Arant

Hello! My name is Dylan Arant, and I'm a junior studying Theology and Graphic Design. Alongside my consultant work in the Writing Studio, I also work as a Core Theology tutor. In both my academic and creative endeavors, I enjoy exploring the metaphysical and spiritual through history, sociology, and the arts. I want to help give your ideas form and flourish, and I look forward to working with you in your writing!

Nico Co

Hey all! My name is Nico Co, a SoCal native and guitarist by trade. I graduated from CUI Summa Cum Laude in the Fall of 2020, and received the Senior Award for Commercial Music. As a Writing Studio and OWL Consultant, I love watching people get excited as they refine their ideas. My teaching philosophy, informed by nearly a decade of experience, is to listen well and ask the right questions. When I'm not in the Writing Studio, you can find me serving as a deacon at Center Church, surfing Craigslist for quirky guitar equipment, or directing the Americana Ensemble and the Sunday Source band on campus.

Ella Hachee

Hi there! My name is Ella Hachee, and I am a senior English major here at CUI with a minor in Spanish. As you may guess from my degree, I love language and words, especially beautiful ones. This is my third year at the Writing Studio and I keep coming back because it is a joy to help students put their swirling ideas onto paper. I want to hear what you have to say and work together to clearly and efficiently communicate your thoughts. Whether it be for Biology, Philosophy, or Creative Writing, let’s chat!

Greta Jones

Hello! My name is Greta Jones, and I am a junior studying History and Political Thought, with a double minor in Global Cultural Studies and Philosophy. When I’m not in the writing studio you can usually find me in the forensics squad room debating my friends about theology or politics! When I AM in the writing studio, I would be happy to help you with the brainstorming process or work with you as a soundboard for your final paper. Let’s discuss your thesis, reasoning, and language together!

Oliver Di Martino

Hi! My name is Oliver Di Martino, and I am a pre-med student studying Biology and minoring in Philosophy. While life science is my craft, my niche is a rigorous treatment of science’s interactions with ethics, epistemology, and theology—which makes me a great conversation partner for other nerds! My approach to writing emphasizes expressiveness, clarity, and economy of language. With my broad writing experience, I will help with essays, stories, literary analysis, scientific or historical writing, or anything in between. When I’m not in the Writing Studio, you will likely find me playing my violin, enjoying yerba mate, or discussing philosophy of religion with my friends. I look forward to meeting you!

Liana Nguyen

Hello everyone! My name is Liana Nguyen and I'm a sophomore majoring in business data analytics and graphic design. I love drawing, painting, digital painting, and all things art related! I have a lot of experience with academic writing and am all too familiar with the unfortunate writer's block that often comes before your paper's due date. Fortunately, CUI has a writing studio and I'm happy to help you out with anything you need. I look forward to working with you!

Lauren Reinhardt

Hello! My name is Lauren Reinhardt, and I am a junior studying Business Administration with an emphasis in Marketing and a minor in Global Cultural Studies. I am a part of the Cross Country and Track team here at Concordia Irvine, but when not running or writing, you may find me sitting with a good book or attending on-campus chapel services. I have writing experience in various disciplines and am familiar with APA, MLA, and Chicago citation formats. Whether you are brainstorming, drafting, or revising, I’m excited to assist you and make your visions come to life!

Julianne Carew

Hey there, my name is Julianne Carew and I earned my BA in Television, Film, and New Media Studies from San Diego State University in 2013. Since then I have travelled the world as a flight attendant collecting stories. Now I live on the CUI campus with my husband, Dr. Santin, and our two-year-old son, Mr. Fitz. My work is featured or forthcoming in Riggwelter, The East Jasmine Review, and numerous anthologies. 

Maddie Zuniga

Hi! My name is Maddie Zuniga, and I’m a junior double major in Creative Writing and Studio Arts. I value beauty in all forms, but I especially adore beautiful writing. Whether your essay is academic or creative, I’m happy to discuss first ideas, final drafts, and everything in between. I also have an eye for editing and formatting, and would love to assist with MLA, CMS, or APA citations. I can’t wait to discuss your unique perspective, and work with you to help fashion your words in a way both lovely and meaningful!

Meet the Online Writing Lab (OWL) Staff
Kristina Deusch

Hello all! My name is Kristina Deusch, and I graduated from CUI in 2014 with a Bachelor's degree in English and a minor in Marketing. As an undergrad, I worked with other students as a Core Peer Tutor and a Writing Studio Coach during much of my time at Concordia. In the past, I’ve worked as an Editorial Assistant at Cambridge University Press in New York City, and I worked as a Journals Production Editor at Oxford University Press in North Carolina. I took a year off to work toward a Master’s degree in Theology & the Arts at the University of St Andrews in Scotland. I am now back in the states, this time in the Twin Cities area of Minnesota, where I am a Senior Production Editor managing books for the Fortress Press imprint of 1517 Media. My hobbies include humming along to classical music, eating lots of chocolate, and collecting far more books than my shelves can hold. I have been reading OWL papers for many years, and I look forward to working together with you!

Katherine Dubke

Hi all! My name is Katherine Dubke. I delight in the written word, ideas, and stories of all kinds. I currently work as a kindergarten teacher at a classical Lutheran school and write in my free time. Writing is about joining the conversation and finding the best way to communicate with an audience, so feedback is essential at all stages. I earned my BA in Humanities with an emphasis in creative writing from CUI and completed my MA in English at Kansas State University. I look forward to reading your submissions and engaging with your ideas!

MacKenzie Feeken

Hello! My name is MacKenzie Feeken and I hold a BA in English with a minor in Psychology from CUI and an EdS (Educational Specialist) degree in School Psychology from California State University, San Bernardino. During my time at CUI, I worked as writing consultant, was a member of the Cheer and STUNT team, and was actively involved in Concordia’s women’s ministry. Upon graduation, I began graduate school, continued working for the OWL, and even became CUI's Assistant Director of Spirit Programs. I currently work as a School Psychologist where I evaluate students for special education eligibility and consult with key stakeholders on appropriate intervention and placement plans. A crucial aspect of my role as a School Psychologist is the development of legally defensible reports in which I interpret and explain psychometric testing results and other important components of special education evaluations. All this to say — writing is an important aspect of my everyday life, the foundation of my education and current career, and a passion I am excited to share with you! I have writing consultant experience across various disciplines including Education, Psychology, Counseling, Athletics, and the Humanities in general. When I’m not working as a School Psychologist or OWLer, I am writing creatively, reading fiction and non-fiction, running, or traveling. I am truly looking forward to working with you!

Johanna Saleska Lange

Hello, friends! I’m Jo Saleska Lange. I became one of the first Online Writing Lab consultants way back in 2012—just after I graduated from CUI with my BA in English. Since then, I’ve earned an MA in literature (rhetoric and composition emphasis) from the University of Missouri-Columbia and an MFA in fiction from the University of Missouri-St. Louis, where I won the Mary Troy Prize for fiction. For several years, I worked as the Assistant Director of the Writing Studio here at CUI, a role which involved teaching writing courses across academic disciplines, developing writing skills workshops, and curating writing resources for students and faculty. Now, I am a stay-at-home mom, freelance editor, and fiction writer. As a mother of two tiny humans, I don’t have a lot of spare time (IYKYK), but, when I do, I enjoy hiking and sipping cold drinks out on restaurant patios. You can find me at josaleska.com.

Margaret Langdon

Hi there! My name is Margaret Langdon, though everyone calls me Maggie. I graduated summa cum laude from CUI in 2014, with a major in International Studies and a minor in Creative Writing. While there, I was, among other things, a section editor for the Concordia Courier, a co-editor for the 2014 edition of the Aerie, and the periodic president of the poetry club. I continue to believe everyone is a poet, even if they don’t know it! After graduation, I branched out into the world of technical editing, working for an engineering firm. Since then, I’ve returned to CUI to pursue a master’s degree in Theology, and remain involved on campus with the Master’s Chorale. I’m excited to encourage you in your work, and I’m looking forward to helping you express your great ideas!

Zoë Litzenberg

Hey, there! My name is Zoë Litzenberg, and I currently serve as the Assistant Director of the Writing Studio. I earned my Bachelor’s in Humanities: Creative Writing from CUI ('17). Since graduating, I've worked at Disneyland, moved to Kansas and taught math, reading, and writing to students from kindergarten through high school, moved to Kentucky and became a certified personal trainer, and somewhere along the way earned a Master’s in English, Rhetoric and Composition from the University of Louisville in Kentucky ('22). Needless to say, I have a lot of interests — the common factor between them being passion for excellent service and community. I love working between disciplines and helping people become stronger communicators through the writing process. In my free time, you’ll more than likely find me cuddling my two cats, reading a Stephen King novel, playing Tears of the Kingdom, or weightlifting. It’s my pleasure to serve you!

Livia Meinz

Hi, I'm Livia Meinz! I graduated summa cum laude from CUI in December 2022 with a degree in Liberal Arts: Spanish and a minor in Lutheran Teaching. I worked in the Writing Studio for two years, and I’m excited to continue working with Concordia students through the OWL. I live in Pennsylvania with my husband, and when I’m not OWL-ing, I work as a preschool aide/administration catch-all, I knit, I cook, and I read. I love knitting, cooking, and languages because they are each a dynamic mix of pattern and creativity. I hope to help you apply good language patterns in your writing - and spice them up with your own voice - to communicate your ideas clearly and convincingly.

Kellie Moore

Hi! I’m Kellie Moore. I graduated from CUI in 2010 with a B.A. in English and a minor in Creative Writing. I worked in the Writing Studio for two years as an undergrad, and I'm delighted to be part of the Online Writing Lab team. At CUI, I fell in love with journalism through my work as an editor of The Concordia Courier. I went on to earn a master’s degree from the Missouri School of Journalism. Since then, I've managed a religion news website, taught high school English, and worked as a copy editor. I also had the joy of being an editor at Verily magazine, where I was a contributing writer. Now, I'm a stay-at-home mom and freelance writer/editor. I live in Utah with my husband, our two kids, and two cats. I'm excited to help you not only hone your writing skills, but also grow in confidence as a writer!

Kirstie Skogerboe

Hi! I’m Kirstie Skogerboe, and I graduated from Concordia Irvine with a B.A. in Liberal Arts in 2021. My choice of major reflects my interests: many! I’ve tried to keep up the liberal arts spirit since graduating by reading several dozen books a year from a variety of genres: fiction, non-fiction, history, theology, poetry, art, etc. Though reading takes up most of my “pastime” time, I am also writing my own poetry, singing in the church choir, discussing The Iliad or Doctor Who with my husband, and learning how to cook Mexican food (y cuando digo “Mexican” I mean “no manches, guey” Mexican. Del Taco se reserva para los gringos). I am also excited to make time for you – your ideas, questions, and words. I look forward to helping you work those into a piece of writing that you’re proud of.

Seth Skogerboe

Hi! I’m Seth Skogerboe, a graduate of CUI with a major in English and minors in Spanish and Global Cultural Studies. Currently, I'm studying classical literature at St. John's College, Santa Fe, further developing a passion for both creative and formal academic writing. Ever since I learned to read, I’ve been passionate about stories, and I hope to one day be paid to write them. In the meantime, I look forward to helping you make your writing say what you want it to say with excellence and clarity.

Julie Stiegemeyer

Hello, writers! My name is Julie Stiegemeyer, and I have a B.A. in English and a Lutheran Teacher's Diploma from Concordia University, Ann Arbor as well as a Master of Arts for Teachers from Indiana University, specializing in English. Both degrees have informed my creative and academic writing as well as my work with students. My creative work includes authoring more than 20 books for children. I have also taught English as a Second Language, composition, and literature. My specialty is coaching students on their writing. My most recent work includes work with graduate-level students who are preparing literature reviews, case conceptualizations, intake reports, and doctoral dissertations. I strongly believe that everyone has the potential to strengthen and refine their writing skills. My true joy is seeing students gain confidence and self-efficacy as they apply strategies to their writing and witness their own growth over time and practice. I hope to meet you soon!

 
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

