https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/writing-studio/meet-the-staff
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Writing Studio

About
Make an Appointment
Online Writing Lab
Workshops
Job Application
Resources
Voice Paint
Grammarly
Meet the Staff
WRITING STUDIO
Meet the On-site Writing Studio Staff
Dylan Arant

Hello! My name is Dylan Arant, and I'm a junior studying Theology and Graphic Design. Alongside my consultant work in the Writing Studio, I also work as a Core Theology tutor. In both my academic and creative endeavors, I enjoy exploring the metaphysical and spiritual through history, sociology, and the arts. I want to help give your ideas form and flourish, and I look forward to working with you in your writing!

Nico Co

Hey all! My name is Nico Co, a SoCal native and guitarist by trade. I graduated from CUI Summa Cum Laude in the Fall of 2020, and received the Senior Award for Commercial Music. As a Writing Studio and OWL Consultant, I love watching people get excited as they refine their ideas. My teaching philosophy, informed by nearly a decade of experience, is to listen well and ask the right questions. When I'm not in the Writing Studio, you can find me serving as a deacon at Center Church, surfing Craigslist for quirky guitar equipment, or directing the Americana Ensemble and the Sunday Source band on campus.

Ella Hachee

Hi there! My name is Ella Hachee, and I am a senior English major here at CUI with a minor in Spanish. As you may guess from my degree, I love language and words, especially beautiful ones. This is my third year at the Writing Studio and I keep coming back because it is a joy to help students put their swirling ideas onto paper. I want to hear what you have to say and work together to clearly and efficiently communicate your thoughts. Whether it be for Biology, Philosophy, or Creative Writing, let’s chat!

Greta Jones

Hello! My name is Greta Jones, and I am a junior studying History and Political Thought, with a double minor in Global Cultural Studies and Philosophy. When I’m not in the writing studio you can usually find me in the forensics squad room debating my friends about theology or politics! When I AM in the writing studio, I would be happy to help you with the brainstorming process or work with you as a soundboard for your final paper. Let’s discuss your thesis, reasoning, and language together!

Oliver Di Martino

Hi! My name is Oliver Di Martino, and I am a pre-med student studying Biology and minoring in Philosophy. While life science is my craft, my niche is a rigorous treatment of science’s interactions with ethics, epistemology, and theology—which makes me a great conversation partner for other nerds! My approach to writing emphasizes expressiveness, clarity, and economy of language. With my broad writing experience, I will help with essays, stories, literary analysis, scientific or historical writing, or anything in between. When I’m not in the Writing Studio, you will likely find me playing my violin, enjoying yerba mate, or discussing philosophy of religion with my friends. I look forward to meeting you!

Liana Nguyen

Hello everyone! My name is Liana Nguyen and I'm a sophomore majoring in business data analytics and graphic design. I love drawing, painting, digital painting, and all things art related! I have a lot of experience with academic writing and am all too familiar with the unfortunate writer's block that often comes before your paper's due date. Fortunately, CUI has a writing studio and I'm happy to help you out with anything you need. I look forward to working with you!

Lauren Reinhardt

Hello! My name is Lauren Reinhardt, and I am a junior studying Business Administration with an emphasis in Marketing and a minor in Global Cultural Studies. I am a part of the Cross Country and Track team here at Concordia Irvine, but when not running or writing, you may find me sitting with a good book or attending on-campus chapel services. I have writing experience in various disciplines and am familiar with APA, MLA, and Chicago citation formats. Whether you are brainstorming, drafting, or revising, I’m excited to assist you and make your visions come to life!

Julianne Carew

Hey there, my name is Julianne Carew and I earned my BA in Television, Film, and New Media Studies from San Diego State University in 2013. Since then I have travelled the world as a flight attendant collecting stories. Now I live on the CUI campus with my husband, Dr. Santin, and our two-year-old son, Mr. Fitz. My work is featured or forthcoming in Riggwelter, The East Jasmine Review, and numerous anthologies. 

Maddie Zuniga

Hi! My name is Maddie Zuniga, and I’m a junior double major in Creative Writing and Studio Arts. I value beauty in all forms, but I especially adore beautiful writing. Whether your essay is academic or creative, I’m happy to discuss first ideas, final drafts, and everything in between. I also have an eye