ducation, Psychology, Counseling, Athletics, and the Humanities in general. When I’m not working as a School Psychologist or OWLer, I am writing creatively, reading fiction and non-fiction, running, or traveling. I am truly looking forward to working with you!

Johanna Saleska Lange

Hello, friends! I’m Jo Saleska Lange. I became one of the first Online Writing Lab consultants way back in 2012—just after I graduated from CUI with my BA in English. Since then, I’ve earned an MA in literature (rhetoric and composition emphasis) from the University of Missouri-Columbia and an MFA in fiction from the University of Missouri-St. Louis, where I won the Mary Troy Prize for fiction. For several years, I worked as the Assistant Director of the Writing Studio here at CUI, a role which involved teaching writing courses across academic disciplines, developing writing skills workshops, and curating writing resources for students and faculty. Now, I am a stay-at-home mom, freelance editor, and fiction writer. As a mother of two tiny humans, I don’t have a lot of spare time (IYKYK), but, when I do, I enjoy hiking and sipping cold drinks out on restaurant patios. You can find me at josaleska.com.

Margaret Langdon

Hi there! My name is Margaret Langdon, though everyone calls me Maggie. I graduated summa cum laude from CUI in 2014, with a major in International Studies and a minor in Creative Writing. While there, I was, among other things, a section editor for the Concordia Courier, a co-editor for the 2014 edition of the Aerie, and the periodic president of the poetry club. I continue to believe everyone is a poet, even if they don’t know it! After graduation, I branched out into the world of technical editing, working for an engineering firm. Since then, I’ve returned to CUI to pursue a master’s degree in Theology, and remain involved on campus with the Master’s Chorale. I’m excited to encourage you in your work, and I’m looking forward to helping you express your great ideas!

Zoë Litzenberg

Hey, there! My name is Zoë Litzenberg, and I currently serve as the Assistant Director of the Writing Studio. I earned my Bachelor’s in Humanities: Creative Writing from CUI ('17). Since graduating, I've worked at Disneyland, moved to Kansas and taught math, reading, and writing to students from kindergarten through high school, moved to Kentucky and became a certified personal trainer, and somewhere along the way earned a Master’s in English, Rhetoric and Composition from the University of Louisville in Kentucky ('22). Needless to say, I have a lot of interests — the common factor between them being passion for excellent service and community. I love working between disciplines and helping people become stronger communicators through the writing process. In my free time, you’ll more than likely find me cuddling my two cats, reading a Stephen King novel, playing Tears of the Kingdom, or weightlifting. It’s my pleasure to serve you!

Livia Meinz

Hi, I'm Livia Meinz! I graduated summa cum laude from CUI in December 2022 with a degree in Liberal Arts: Spanish and a minor in Lutheran Teaching. I worked in the Writing Studio for two years, and I’m excited to continue working with Concordia students through the OWL. I live in Pennsylvania with my husband, and when I’m not OWL-ing, I work as a preschool aide/administration catch-all, I knit, I cook, and I read. I love knitting, cooking, and languages because they are each a dynamic mix of pattern and creativity. I hope to help you apply good language patterns in your writing - and spice them up with your own voice - to communicate your ideas clearly and convincingly.

Kellie Moore

Hi! I’m Kellie Moore. I graduated from CUI in 2010 with a B.A. in English and a minor in Creative Writing. I worked in the Writing Studio for two years as an undergrad, and I'm delighted to be part of the Online Writing Lab team. At CUI, I fell in love with journalism through my work as an editor of The Concordia Courier. I went on to earn a master’s degree from the Missouri School of Journalism. Since then, I've managed a religion news website, taught high school English, and worked as a copy editor. I also had the joy of being an editor at Verily magazine, where I was a contributing writer. Now, I'm a stay-at-home mom and freelance writer/editor. I live in Utah with my husband, our two kids, and two cats. I'm excited to help you not only hone your writing skills, but also grow in confidence as a writer!

Kirstie Skogerboe

Hi! I’m Kirstie Skogerboe, and I graduated from Concordia Irvine with a B.A. in Liberal Arts in 2021. My choice of major reflects my interests: many! I’ve tried to keep up the liberal arts spirit since graduating by reading several dozen books a year from a variety of genres: fiction, non-fiction, history, theology, poetry, art, etc. Though reading takes up most of my “pastime” time, I am also writing my own poetry, singing in the church choir, discussing The Iliad or Doctor Who with my hus