n to earn a master’s degree from the Missouri School of Journalism. Since then, I've managed a religion news website, taught high school English, and worked as a copy editor. I also had the joy of being an editor at Verily magazine, where I was a contributing writer. Now, I'm a stay-at-home mom and freelance writer/editor. I live in Utah with my husband, our two kids, and two cats. I'm excited to help you not only hone your writing skills, but also grow in confidence as a writer!

Kirstie Skogerboe

Hi! I’m Kirstie Skogerboe, and I graduated from Concordia Irvine with a B.A. in Liberal Arts in 2021. My choice of major reflects my interests: many! I’ve tried to keep up the liberal arts spirit since graduating by reading several dozen books a year from a variety of genres: fiction, non-fiction, history, theology, poetry, art, etc. Though reading takes up most of my “pastime” time, I am also writing my own poetry, singing in the church choir, discussing The Iliad or Doctor Who with my husband, and learning how to cook Mexican food (y cuando digo “Mexican” I mean “no manches, guey” Mexican. Del Taco se reserva para los gringos). I am also excited to make time for you – your ideas, questions, and words. I look forward to helping you work those into a piece of writing that you’re proud of.

Seth Skogerboe

Hi! I’m Seth Skogerboe, a graduate of CUI with a major in English and minors in Spanish and Global Cultural Studies. Currently, I'm studying classical literature at St. John's College, Santa Fe, further developing a passion for both creative and formal academic writing. Ever since I learned to read, I’ve been passionate about stories, and I hope to one day be paid to write them. In the meantime, I look forward to helping you make your writing say what you want it to say with excellence and clarity.

Julie Stiegemeyer

Hello, writers! My name is Julie Stiegemeyer, and I have a B.A. in English and a Lutheran Teacher's Diploma from Concordia University, Ann Arbor as well as a Master of Arts for Teachers from Indiana University, specializing in English. Both degrees have informed my creative and academic writing as well as my work with students. My creative work includes authoring more than 20 books for children. I have also taught English as a Second Language, composition, and literature. My specialty is coaching students on their writing. My most recent work includes work with graduate-level students who are preparing literature reviews, case conceptualizations, intake reports, and doctoral dissertations. I strongly believe that everyone has the potential to strengthen and refine their writing skills. My true joy is seeing students gain confidence and self-efficacy as they apply strategies to their writing and witness their own growth over time and practice. I hope to meet you soon!

 
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

