us chapel services. I have writing experience in various disciplines and am familiar with APA, MLA, and Chicago citation formats. Whether you are brainstorming, drafting, or revising, I’m excited to assist you and make your visions come to life!

Julianne Carew

Hey there, my name is Julianne Carew and I earned my BA in Television, Film, and New Media Studies from San Diego State University in 2013. Since then I have travelled the world as a flight attendant collecting stories. Now I live on the CUI campus with my husband, Dr. Santin, and our two-year-old son, Mr. Fitz. My work is featured or forthcoming in Riggwelter, The East Jasmine Review, and numerous anthologies. 

Maddie Zuniga

Hi! My name is Maddie Zuniga, and I’m a junior double major in Creative Writing and Studio Arts. I value beauty in all forms, but I especially adore beautiful writing. Whether your essay is academic or creative, I’m happy to discuss first ideas, final drafts, and everything in between. I also have an eye for editing and formatting, and would love to assist with MLA, CMS, or APA citations. I can’t wait to discuss your unique perspective, and work with you to help fashion your words in a way both lovely and meaningful!

Meet the Online Writing Lab (OWL) Staff
Kristina Deusch

Hello all! My name is Kristina Deusch, and I graduated from CUI in 2014 with a Bachelor's degree in English and a minor in Marketing. As an undergrad, I worked with other students as a Core Peer Tutor and a Writing Studio Coach during much of my time at Concordia. In the past, I’ve worked as an Editorial Assistant at Cambridge University Press in New York City, and I worked as a Journals Production Editor at Oxford University Press in North Carolina. I took a year off to work toward a Master’s degree in Theology & the Arts at the University of St Andrews in Scotland. I am now back in the states, this time in the Twin Cities area of Minnesota, where I am a Senior Production Editor managing books for the Fortress Press imprint of 1517 Media. My hobbies include humming along to classical music, eating lots of chocolate, and collecting far more books than my shelves can hold. I have been reading OWL papers for many years, and I look forward to working together with you!

Katherine Dubke

Hi all! My name is Katherine Dubke. I delight in the written word, ideas, and stories of all kinds. I currently work as a kindergarten teacher at a classical Lutheran school and write in my free time. Writing is about joining the conversation and finding the best way to communicate with an audience, so feedback is essential at all stages. I earned my BA in Humanities with an emphasis in creative writing from CUI and completed my MA in English at Kansas State University. I look forward to reading your submissions and engaging with your ideas!

MacKenzie Feeken

Hello! My name is MacKenzie Feeken and I hold a BA in English with a minor in Psychology from CUI and an EdS (Educational Specialist) degree in School Psychology from California State University, San Bernardino. During my time at CUI, I worked as writing consultant, was a member of the Cheer and STUNT team, and was actively involved in Concordia’s women’s ministry. Upon graduation, I began graduate school, continued working for the OWL, and even became CUI's Assistant Director of Spirit Programs. I currently work as a School Psychologist where I evaluate students for special education eligibility and consult with key stakeholders on appropriate intervention and placement plans. A crucial aspect of my role as a School Psychologist is the development of legally defensible reports in which I interpret and explain psychometric testing results and other important components of special education evaluations. All this to say — writing is an important aspect of my everyday life, the foundation of my education and current career, and a passion I am excited to share with you! I have writing consultant experience across various disciplines including Education, Psychology, Counseling, Athletics, and the Humanities in general. When I’m not working as a School Psychologist or OWLer, I am writing creatively, reading fiction and non-fiction, running, or traveling. I am truly looking forward to working with you!

Johanna Saleska Lange

Hello, friends! I’m Jo Saleska Lange. I became one of the first Online Writing Lab consultants way back in 2012—just after I graduated from CUI with my BA in English. Since then, I’ve earned an MA in literature (rhetoric and composition emphasis) from the University of Missouri-Columbia and an MFA in fiction from the University of Missouri-St. Louis, where I won the Mary Troy Prize for fiction. For several years, I worked as the Assistant Director of the Writing Studio here at CUI, a role which involved teaching writing courses across academic disciplines, developing writing skills workshops, and curating writing resources for students and faculty. Now, I am a stay-at-home mom, freelance editor, and fictio