https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/writing-studio/online-writing-lab
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Writing Studio

About
Make an Appointment
Online Writing Lab
Workshops
Job Application
Resources
Voice Paint
Grammarly
Online Writing Lab (OWL)
WRITING STUDIO
Online Writing Lab (OWL) Frequently Asked Questions
‌
How do I submit my draft?

Using the OWL is easy:

Register with our WCOnline schedule. Use your Eagles email address and password.
Once you are registered, type in your email address and password on the login page. Then, select the “OWL Email Submissions” schedule and click LOG IN.
Once logged in to the OWL submission schedule, click on an available slot (available slots are in white).
Fill out the submission form.
At the bottom of the form, attach your paper as a Word document.
Then, attach the assignment instructions and/or rubric if you have them.
When you have finished uploading files, click, CREATE APPOINTMENT.
Double-check the schedule to make sure that your selected slot is gold (rather than white). You can click on your selected slot to modify or cancel at any time.
Your consultant will email feedback within 2 business days.

If you run into problems, please email writing.studio@cui.edu for assistance.

‌
When will I receive a response?

We promise a turn-a-round time of two business days or less. The best advice is to send your paper in well before the due date so our feedback reaches you in time for you to revise.

Please note: The OWL is closed on Sundays and for all Concordia designated holidays.

‌
Who can use the Online Writing Lab?

Concordia students who are veterans, or who are enrolled in an online course, graduate program, certificate program, or nursing program can use the OWL to get the help they need to develop their potential as writers.  Concordia University Irvine faculty and staff members are also welcome to submit their work for feedback.

‌
What kind of response will I receive?

An OWL consultant will help you identify revisions that can strengthen your work. As in a face-to-face writing conference, our time is limited, so we will not be able to comment on every aspect of your draft in a single review.

The consultant will look at the clarity of the main ideas, support and development, organization, and other major concerns first. At the level of sentences and grammar, the consultant will pinpoint the most important or most frequent patterns of error. If you would like help with a specific grammar problem in the paper, be sure to mention it in the email message.

You can expect lots of summary and evaluative comments, particularly about specific questions or concerns you raise, but remember that we don’t proofread a paper for you. Our goal is to help you become a better writer.

‌
What kinds of papers can I send?

Pages up to 10 pages (double-spaced) are best suited to email instruction. We accept longer drafts, but we may not be able to provide detailed feedback for the whole paper.

‌
Can I work with a writing consultant via email on my capstone project/dissertation?

For these longer projects, please submit one section or chapter at a time. When you send in your first section/chapter, clearly state that it is part of a longer project and include some details about the overall assignment on the submission form. Once you receive feedback on a section or chapter, revise it before you submit the next one. For consistency purposes, we suggest that you submit every new chapter to the same OWL consultant. You can see consultants’ names and the days/times they work when you submit your paper on the OWL schedule.

‌
Who are the writing consultants?

You can get to know the consultants by reading their bios on the Meet the Staff page.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

