https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/writing-studio/support-for-graduate-students
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Writing Studio

About
Make an Appointment
Online Writing Lab
Workshops
Job Application
Resources
Voice Paint
Grammarly
Support for Graduate Students
WRITING STUDIO
Support For Graduate Students
Tips for Writing at the Graduate Level
Six Tips for Improving Your Writing in Graduate School by Joanna Hughes
Time to sharpen up your writing skills! Following these six steps will help ensure that your writing is on point for graduate-level coursework.
Writing with a Scholarly Voice from Walden University
Learn about “writing temptations” that hinder a scholarly tone along with tips for improvement.
A Writing Routine from Peg Boyle Single
Feeling overwhelmed with all your writing assignments and deadlines? A consistent writing routine using the practical steps outlined in this article may help relieve stress and lead to stronger writing.
Writing Anxiety from UNC-Chapel Hill
Writer’s block and other writing-related anxiety are situational – not psychological. People aren’t born anxious writers; rather, they become anxious or blocked through negative or difficult experiences with writing. This handout suggests ways to increase your confidence as a writer and thinker.
Graduate-Level Research
Book a CUI Librarian (meet online or face-to-face) for help exploring, selecting, and evaluating resources for any writing project
Writing Research Questions (from Research Rundowns)
Qualitative Research Methods (from Research Rundowns)
Quantitative Research Methods (from Research Rundowns)
Mixed Methods Research (from Research Rundowns)
Using Statistics (from UNC-Chapel Hill)
Using Tables, Figures, and Charts (from UNC-Chapel Hill)
ESL Writers
US Higher Education: A Cultural Introduction (Purdue OWL)
Tips for Writing in North American Colleges: The Basics (Purdue OWL)
Plagiarism and ESL Writers: An Overview (Purdue OWL)
Understanding Writing Assignments (Purdue OWL)
Thesis and Dissertation Support
Sample Theses and Dissertations

Writers agree that the best way to master an unfamiliar genre of writing is by reading examples of works within that genre. As you write your thesis or dissertation, consider exploring theses and dissertations written by former CUI students to use as models for your own work. Library's Thesis/Dissertation archive

The Online Writing Lab (OWL)

Looking for feedback on your writing? All current CUI graduate students are eligible to submit papers to our Online Writing Lab (OWL) and receive written feedback via email from one of our graduate-level writing consultants.

OWL consultants will address global concerns in your papers, such as the clarity of your ideas, organization, structure, format, and style. Although our consultants will not proofread or line-edit your work, they will point out patterns of grammatical or stylistic errors and offer suggestions for improvement.

Uploading your paper to the OWL is easy:

Register and log in to our online scheduling system.
Make sure you are viewing the “OWL Email Submissions” schedule by clicking the dropdown menu at the top of the calendar and selecting “OWL Email Submissions.”
To upload your paper, select an open “appointment” time by clicking on a white
box and filling out the appointment form.
Once the form is filled out, you will be able to upload your paper.
You will receive feedback via email within two business days of your scheduled
submission day and time.

UPLOAD A PAPER NOW!

Organizing Your Social Sciences Research Paper (USC Library) This guide is designed to help students develop thoughtful research questions and organize various sections of research reports (Abstract, Introduction, Literature Review, Methodology, etc.). It also provides information about citing sources and proofreading your work.

Literature Reviews (UNC-Chapel Hill) This resource explains what literature reviews are and offers insights into the form and construction of literature reviews in the humanities, social sciences, and sciences.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

