otable organizations and audit and consulting clientele including many global and large enterprises. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), Certified Internal Services Auditor (CISA), and a Forensic Certified Public Accountant (FCPA). He is also a published author and expert on the topics of fraud and cyber-security.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

BUSINESS FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Resources

Learn more about Concordia's School of Business and Economics from the student handbook.

STUDENT HANDBOOK

Get In Touch

For more information about any of the many rewarding education programs at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

 

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

