https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/writing-studio/teaching-resources
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Writing Studio

About
Make an Appointment
Online Writing Lab
Workshops
Job Application
Resources
Voice Paint
Grammarly
Teaching Resources
WRITING STUDIO
Why Include Writing in My Courses?

Research has shown that writing is a highly effective mode of learning across all disciplines that can help your students.

Engage more deeply with course material
Think critically & solve complex, discipline-specific problems
Meet learning outcomes & retain course content
Seek advice & feedback about their learning
Become more proficient thinkers and communicators in their future careers

Including meaningful writing assignments in your course can also help you, the instructor to:

Gauge how well your students are grasping course material
Have livelier & more thoughtful class discussions
Get to know your students better
For more information, please see the following research studies:
Drabick, D.A.G., Weisberg, R., Paul, L., & Bubier, J.L. (2007).
Keeping it short and sweet: Brief, ungraded writing assignments facilitate learning.
Teaching of Psychology, 34(3), 172-176.
Hynd, C., Holschuh, J.P., & Hubbard, B.P. (2004).
Thinking like a historian: College students' reading of multiple historical documents.
Journal of Literacy Research, 36(2), 141-176.
Patterson, L.M. & Slinger-Friedman, V. (2012).
Writing in undergraduate geography classes: Faculty challenges and rewards.
Journal of Geography, 111(5), 184-193.
Quitadamo, L.J., & Kurtz, M.J. (2007).
Learning to Improve: Using Writing to Increase Critical Thinking Performance in General Education Biology.
CBE - Life Sciences Education, 6, 140-154.
Reynolds, J.A., Thaiss, C., Katkin, W., & Thompson, B.J., Jr. (2012).
Writing-to-learn in undergraduate science education: A community-based, conceptually driven approach.
CBE - Life Sciences, Education, 11, 17-25.
Writing Activities & Assignment Ideas
Integrating Writing into Any Course: A Starting Point (WAC Clearinghouse)
What Makes a Good Writing Assignment? (WAC Clearinghouse)
Not Your Usual 3 to 5 Page Paper (WAC Clearinghouse)
Informal, In-Class Writing Activities (University of MN)
Aligning Assignments with Learning Goals (DePaul Teaching Commons)
Cultivating Reflection and Metacognition (University of MI)
Sequencing and Scaffolding Assignments (University of MI)
Grading & Responding to Student Writing
Giving Meaningful Feedback (University of MT)
John Bean's Hierarchy Chart for Responding to Student Writing (from DePaul University)
Writing Comments on Students' Papers (from Bean's Engaging Ideas)
Managing the Paper Load (George Mason University)
Dealing with Grammar (WAC Clearinghouse)
Preventing Plagiarism (WAC Clearinghouse)
Using Peer Review to Improve Student Writing (University of MI)
Save Time by Making One-on-One Conferences as Efficient as Possible (University of WI)
In-Class Discussions of Student Writing: Maximizing the Effectiveness of Your Writing Lessons and Minimizing the Class Time You Use for Them (University of WI)
CUI Written Communication Rubric
Adjust language of rubric as needed to fit specific writing assignments
Motivating Students to Read, Write, & Revise
Motivating Students to Read and Write in All Disciplines (University of MI)
Motivating Students to Grow as Writers (University of WI)
Why Learning to Write in College is Difficult (University of WI)
Helping Your Students Improve Their Writing and Their Learning (University of WI)
Techniques to Encourage Revision (WAC Clearinghouse)
Tutorials: Working with Student Writers (WAC Clearinghouse)
Working with Multilingual Writers
Providing Feedback and Grades to Second Language Students (University of MI)
Working with Multilingual Student Writers: A Faculty Guide (Purdue Writing Lab)
What is Writing Across the Curriculum (WAC), and How Does it Benefit Students?

According to the Statement of WAC Principles and Practices, endorsed by the International Network of WAC Programs (INWAC),

WAC refers to the notion that writing should be an integral part of the learning process throughout a student’s education, not merely in required writing courses but across the entire curriculum. Further, it is based on the premise that writing is highly situated and tied to a field’s discourse and ways of knowing, and therefore writing in the disciplines (WID) is most effectively guided by those with expertise in that discipline. WAC also recognizes that students come to the classroom with a wide range of literacy, linguistic, technological, and educational experiences, but that all students can learn to become more proficient writers.

WAC as an initiative can be transformative for learning, teaching, and research. For students, WAC promotes engaged student learning, critical thinking, and greater facility with written communication across rhetorical situations. For teachers, WAC promotes thoughtful pedagogy and curriculum design as well as community among faculty that transcends disciplinary boundaries. For researchers in writing studies and across the disciplines, WAC promotes cross-disciplinary scholarship on teaching and learning, as well as scholarship on the values and ways of thinking in the disciplines and the ways those ideas and actions are communicated in writing.

Read the entire Statement of WAC Principles and Practices

Additional Information about WAC

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

