y places. A shared sense of victory, too, enflamed our spirits. Finals week was almost over. I had only had one task remaining—to pen the last paragraph of my final essay. Lightning flashed, briefly illuminating rain drops creeping down the window. Thunder crashed, shaking the lonely house. Little did I know, my victory dance was about to turn into a macabre tango of terror. 

View Post »

[Placeholder Title] - Change Later: The Importance of Placeholders in Essay Writing

Posted on 10/10/2022 - 2 minute read

The first words of an essay can be torture to write. With no clear idea as to the direction of the paper, a frustrated writer will struggle, either writing a short, vague introduction or a long, rambling one. Neither of these outcomes is desirable. An introduction needs to be robust, both an engaging hook to get the audience invested as well as a successful preview of the essay's main points and thesis. However, it is often difficult to write a successful introduction until you know exactly what your body paragraphs will cover. This problem may be frustrating for those who write linearly (that is, straight from beginning to end). Breaking the habit of writing linearly may be the first step in writing a better paper. A natural way to accomplish this is to use placeholders.

View Post »

A Delicious Lesson on Integrating Quotes

By Kellie B. Moore, OWL Consultant
Posted on 6/13/2022 - 6 minute read

Think of the perfect chocolate chip cookie. The top is golden-brown. The cookie is soft, but not underbaked. The chocolate chips are distributed throughout, giving you a hint of chocolatey goodness in every bite and blending beautifully with the dough.

View Post »

Do We Write the Way We Talk? Thoughts on Tone

By Livia Swan, Writing Studio Consultant
Posted on 4/19/2022 - 5 minute read

Well, I’m going to write the way I talk for this blog post. The decision to write the way you talk, or your choice of tone, depends on the context and purpose of the piece you are writing. Right here and now, my purpose is to reflect on the wide mysteries of our secret motives and natural instincts involved in expressing ourselves through writing. That means that you, the reader, are experiencing my thoughts as they surface in my head, without a whole lot of filtering. This isn’t normal for most academic writing, though. More on this in a little bit. Now I’m going to give you the “thesis” of sorts for this post: Your audience combined with your purpose determines the most appropriate tone for your writing.

View Post »

«
1
2
3
4
5
»
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

