ents.

Website: miu.edu.mn
ATW II 2012
‌
LCMS World Mission - Vietnam

LCMS World Mission - Vietnam.

ATW II 2012
‌
Concordia Welfare and Education Thailand (CWEFT)

The Concordia Welfare and Education Thailand (CWEFT) aims to improve the capacity for the underprivileged in urban slum communities, ethnic minority hill tribe groups, and refugees and minority groups in border areas. These groups are unable to access mainstream education due to family problems, poverty, physical disabilities, or natural disasters.

Website: cwefthailand.org
ATW II 2012
‌
Missionaries of Charity

The Mother Teresa of Calcutta Center is a non-profit organization established and directed by the religious family founded by Blessed Teresa of Calcutta, the Missionaries of Charity. The Center’s aim is to serve as a centralized and authoritative source of information on Mother Teresa, to facilitate the spread of authentic devotion to her, and to safeguard her words and image from misuse or abuse.

Website: motherteresa.org
ATW II, III, IV, and V (2012- 2017)
‌
Ethiopian Evangelical Lutheran Church Mekane Yesus

The EECMY Mission is to actively participate in God's Mission. She has been called by the Triune God to Proclaim Christ to His people in diverse social and cultural contexts. The EECMY believes and professes that the Holy Scriptures of the Old and the New Testaments are the Holy Word of God and the only guiding source and infallible method/doctrine of all the Church's principles and practices.

Website: eecmy.org
ATW II 2012
‌
Pétefy Sándor Evangélikus Oktatási Központ

School in Hungary.

Website: peterfy.hu
ATW II 2012
‌
Cup of Cold Water Ministries

Cup of Cold Water Ministries was born in Bolivia. As a result of their relationships with ordinary people in the U.S., American missionaries Odell and Margaret Kittelson began this work decades ago. Incorporated in 1978, Cup of Cold Water Ministries now has its Bolivian focus on education. Because of our relationship with the people of Caranavi, we also assist the poor with medical needs and play host to occasional medical teams that travel deep into the jungles of Bolivia to bring medical care to the very poor.

Website: ccwm.org
Founded: 1978
ATW II 2012
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

