ill his arms are outstretched in an embrace of Rio and everyone in it, to comfort and to protect. Despite the marked contrast between Copacabana and the favelas that caused my own empathy and questions, I remembered that His plan is perfect, for the city of Rio and for everyone who lives there. It was a reminder that Jesus fits the role of the statue’s name: Redentor, the Redeemer.

As I took in this panoramic mental picture of Rio de Janeiro, I underwent a series of emotions. The city had a way of washing over me, and putting me in a sublime state, something like drunkenness without the alcohol. Perhaps the tropical, paradise-like atmosphere put this feeling on me. I felt a joy for being there in that moment, as well as giddy excitement for the beginning of our journey. I was encouraged by the sight of Cristo on the hill, a reminder for me as much as for the city. The subtle difference between seeing and experiencing a place is the distinct joy of travel. This short jaunt through Rio de Janeiro would be best described as an experience—one that united my physical presence in the city with my imagination projecting me forward through the trip.

‌
Off the Beaten Path

by Michelle Sackie

Ger Camp Terlj National Park, Mongolia
4 days, 3 nights
$260 for meals, lodging and horses

The road to the camp is nothing short of an Indiana Jones experience as you sit seatbelt-less in what resembles a hippie's tank. The army green exterior fools you from the bright orange interior roof padding and yellow curtains. Upon arrival to the countryside the beautiful grassy mountains that surround you are breathtaking and a herd of sheep and cows greet you as you walk to your Ger: the round tent you will identify as home for the next few days. The plain exterior of the Ger is nothing similar to the extravagant interior of the tent which holds three beds, a dresser, a coffee table, and a fireplace. You watch as a goat is herded, killed, prepared, and cooked for dinner all before your eyes. A small, feisty young girl runs up to you and crawls on your lap admiring your attention. She plays with you for the majority of the day. You also have the opportunity to milk the cows for fresh milk during meals and chop wood for fire and cooking. The next day you head out on a horse trek through the Mongolian countryside. Blue flowers placed perfectly amongst the lush, shamrock green hills provide a stunning view as you sit atop your stallion. Your horse breaks into an exhilarating gallop as you reach the top of the mountain and the grassy field where you will camp for a night. You hike up the hill and the vast Mongolian countryside with rivers intertwined takes your breath away instantaneously. That night you surround a fire with the friends you have made from Mongolia hosting your adventure. Together you sing songs until the fire dies and then crawl into your sleeping bag. You lay down to gaze at the millions of bright stars evident in the night sky of the Mongolian countryside. You inhale the fresh, crisp air deep into your lungs and feel a sense of peace wash over you as you drift off into sleep amongst God's creations.

Happy Dragon Hostel, Beijing, China
No. 26 Shijia Hutong Dongcheng District
Beijing, 100010, China
5 days, 4 nights

You walk down a small ally off a side street and see a cozy hostel placed perfectly amongst various shops. You walk up five stairs into a beautifully sculptured entranceway resembling the stunning Chinese culture. Inside, you are greeted by a very friendly receptionist who speaks very little English. You receive the key to your room and slowly trek up the one flight of stairs to your room as your hiking backpack drags you back onto your heels with each step. A comfy bed, desk, personal bathroom and, most importantly, air conditioner await you in your room. The air conditioner is extremely vital to escape the blanket of humidity that lays upon you when living in Beijing. You notice your shower is a faucet that sticks out of the wall. Every time you shower, the floor, toilet, and counter get sopping wet. It is definitely a unique showering experience but you are more than thankful to be provided with your own shower. You notice there is no toilet paper and in desperation, frantically scrounge for a tissue. You learn to be equipped with toilet paper at all times from this point forward. The hostel is a very short walking distance away from the main streets filled with exciting Chinese trinkets and many fabulous dining options. The bottom floor of your hostel has a lounge room equipped with a bar. You order food from there and are pleasantly surprised at how amazing the food is. The woman who frequently works behind the bar laughs and smiles as you practice your Chinese with her. You two become good friends and her interest in your trip and your adventures thus far make you feel welcomed and loved.

Nhanghi Hotel, Cam Khe District, Phu Tho, Vietnam
$10 a night

The hotel lies in a small, quaint village. The ene