gst all the whispers and stated, "Know that we love you so and do not forget us."

After hearing these sweet words I realized that Dr. Peters would not be too pleased with my objectives for the time I spent in South Africa. They were not typical goals that one can obtain in a class period or that can be assessed. They were not necessarily measurable, obtainable, or practical in print. They were based in my ability to adapt to the way I believed teaching had to be and allowing the teacher and the students to redirect my ideas and actions. Through my experience in the classroom I observed that teaching is not universal, there are different methods and strategies. After a lot of reflection, I determined that it was my ability to learn that ultimately crossed cultural bounds and through this my perspective on the mind of a teacher changed. It is vital to be able to instruct and explain, but it is equally as important to observe and absorb knowledge as you teach.

Objective 5: The teacher will be able to become just as much of a learner as the students themselves.

‌
Rio Revelations

by Ryan Fink

Brazil 2014

As I looked at Rio de Janeiro, I saw the future. Somehow, through viewing this humongous Brazilian city, my mind filled with thoughts about what would come next for me as a new traveler. My travel companions and I had made our way to the top of Forte de Duque Caxias, an old Portuguese fort on one end of Copacabana Beach. From this fort of the past, I viewed the present sight in front of me and even caught a glimpse of the future—of what would come for me over the next four-and-a-half months.

The sight from the Forte, from my point of view, held different points of beauty that weaved together to form this Rio landscape. The points were found in the different mini-landscapes, from left to right. The first was the green Atlantic Ocean. The waves came in steadily at about eight feet, over a group of swimmers and surfers. They broke mostly towards the beach, save for the waves near the cliff where we stood, which took swimmers and surfers close to the rocks. In the deep part of the ocean, there sat a few small islands which caused me to wonder and imagine what existed there.

Only an hour earlier, my travel companions for the day found themselves in the light-green Atlantic. After walking a portion of the beach, we made our way to the rocks at the end, walking up the slightly inclined ramp that took us over the rocks. We turned right, and walked a short way down so that we were standing over the ocean. Our view was straight up the beach, with the water on our left, and the sand on our right. As we stood looking, a young Brazilian man, roughly our age, wearing no shirt and black board shorts, walked up next to us. He promptly looked both ways, found a rock to stand on, and took a full, head-first dive into the ocean. Our unexpected participation as spectators of some amateur thrill-seeker left us speechless—perhaps an a small introduction to culture shock that would return at various parts of the journey.

After a short period of stunned silence, my friend Ryan Buuck said, “Ok, that has to be a sign from God, right?” He then removed his shirt, and copied the actions of the Brazilian diver. Ryan was followed by his brother Jordan (GoPro in hand), and then Hayden Killeen and Zach de Vos. All four of them jumped from the same rock, hung in the air for a few seconds, and splashed into the green water. Ironically, the only member of the group (yours truly) from a beachside city was too frightened to jump. As they swam back to the beach, I laughed to myself, wondering how it could only be the first day of our adventure. Already we had found ourselves viewing beautiful sights of God’s creation, and quite literally diving headfirst into this journey. As they walked back up the ramp toward the rocks, I thought ahead, imagining what other events with this level of excitement would occur on this trip.

The second portion of the view from the top of the Forte was the Copacabana Beach. This famous beach, packed with humanity, was covered in a tannish-yellow sand that made shoes squeak when you walked on it, and left clothing more dusty than sandy. It seemed that half of the city made its way to the beach that day, and they entertained themselves in a variety of ways, from swimming to soccer, foot-volley to sleeping. The Brazilian culture was well-represented on the beach that day. Samba music blared over speakers as youths of all ages danced along. People of dark skin as well as light engaged in the various sports together. Everyone of both genders seemed to be showing the same amount of skin, wearing tiny bathing suits not usually found on the beaches of Orange County.

I briefly experienced these parts of Brazilian culture, both up close and at a distance. I walked in and among the locals clad in tiny bathing suits and smelled the coconut drinks sold on the promenade. I also stood at the top of the Forte, as far away from