 wall. Every time you shower, the floor, toilet, and counter get sopping wet. It is definitely a unique showering experience but you are more than thankful to be provided with your own shower. You notice there is no toilet paper and in desperation, frantically scrounge for a tissue. You learn to be equipped with toilet paper at all times from this point forward. The hostel is a very short walking distance away from the main streets filled with exciting Chinese trinkets and many fabulous dining options. The bottom floor of your hostel has a lounge room equipped with a bar. You order food from there and are pleasantly surprised at how amazing the food is. The woman who frequently works behind the bar laughs and smiles as you practice your Chinese with her. You two become good friends and her interest in your trip and your adventures thus far make you feel welcomed and loved.

Nhanghi Hotel, Cam Khe District, Phu Tho, Vietnam
$10 a night

The hotel lies in a small, quaint village. The energetic woman at the front desk hands you a key and walks you up to your room on the second floor. The door to your room is somewhat see through but inside lies a large bed, desk, dresser, television, and bathroom. A dead cockroach greets you in the doorway surrounded by a pool of ants. Spiders lurk in almost every corner. Dirt festers throughout the cracks of the floor. The air conditioner and fan in your room not only cool you down but serve as a wonderful drying rack for your clothes that you just washed in the sink. An awkward picture of what looks to resemble a butler boy is framed and sitting on the desk in your room. On top of the dresser are six white comforters stacked making you wonder if in fact you are staying in some sort of storage room. You are very pleased to discover that the shower head jutting from the wall emits hot water. The random swipes of brown paint scattered on the white walls of your room cause you to wonder who decided to have a finger paint war but nonetheless adds character to your room. You walk around the small village and discover a coffee house. The coffee is bitter but almost tastes as if you are drinking dark chocolate. The variety of food you have at your fingertips is nothing short of exciting as it ranges from Pho to water buffalo and even dog. Children and families smile and wave at you as you walk around. The constant beeping is the sound of men, women, and children making their presence aware as they zoom passed you on electric scooters and bikes. As you explore the village, you are welcomed into strangers' homes and you can watch as skillful families make baskets or even carve intricate patterns onto wood for architectural purposes. The talent that you discover in this small village during your stay is nothing short of amazing. Despite the geckos, spiders the size of your palm, and dead cockroaches, the hospitality of the people at the hotel and in the village give you even more bang for your buck as you walk away with memories that you will always cherish.

‌
Around-the-World Guide Book

by Alexandra Castellanos

Bayan Gobi Desert $35 Nightly (Includes Meal)

After a long day of driving for 6 hours from Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia we finally reached our destination, The Bayan Gobi Desert. The drive definitely left you exhausted but it even makes you want to run a mile.

As sleep crept up on you throughout dinner, which consisted of devouring an amazing three course meal with tea and a cake, you grow a little astonished because after dinner you found out immediately that your day was not over just yet. You still had your postmodern class lecture and quiz to do.

That night you stay in traditional Mongolian, Nomadic homes called Gers, which at this point were definitely teasing you while trying to stay awake and pay attention in class. It did not help when a guide came around your ger and lit the furnace in the middle of class. That was a bad idea because as soon as the warm heat bounces off the walls and hits your layered clothed body, you start swaying back and forth on the comfy bed, and carpeted floors.

Luckily, your suffering of having to use your brain any further comes to a conclusion. You and your roommates, without hesitation, head back to your ger. The short distance to your ger feels like an eternity as you dream about the three beds, electricity to charge your camera or kindle, and the warmth your ger has to offer.

On the way to your ger, the stars could be seen with such clarity. The sound of crickets and the winding flowing and howling from different directions while inside the ger put you to sleep, not caring about the freezing temperatures.

Super 8 Chain (8610)5219 0188. $20 US; Nights: 1 Week
No. 26 Shijia Hunting Dongcheng District Beijing , 100010 China

While studying abroad in Beijing, China for a week, during the hottest month, you found your hotel accommodations to be decent and adequate and the employees working the front desk to be friendly and helpful.

You stay 