your layered clothed body, you start swaying back and forth on the comfy bed, and carpeted floors.

Luckily, your suffering of having to use your brain any further comes to a conclusion. You and your roommates, without hesitation, head back to your ger. The short distance to your ger feels like an eternity as you dream about the three beds, electricity to charge your camera or kindle, and the warmth your ger has to offer.

On the way to your ger, the stars could be seen with such clarity. The sound of crickets and the winding flowing and howling from different directions while inside the ger put you to sleep, not caring about the freezing temperatures.

Super 8 Chain (8610)5219 0188. $20 US; Nights: 1 Week
No. 26 Shijia Hunting Dongcheng District Beijing , 100010 China

While studying abroad in Beijing, China for a week, during the hottest month, you found your hotel accommodations to be decent and adequate and the employees working the front desk to be friendly and helpful.

You stay in a Super 8 Chain Hotel, some of your group were lucky enough to be assigned a room on the upper levels and were granted air conditioning, their own showers and bathroom.

Those of you who were assigned the lower level, level zero, lived in the hostel part of the hotel, that was not in the best conditions. Although, you can't complain too much because the air conditioning you had in your room was a blessing. By living on this floor it allowed you to receive the full traveler experience.

You share a restroom, which smells like urine and with no toilet paper. You also share showers and two sinks with your entire floor. It resembles a coed dorm where men and women share one bathroom in college. The maids leave the cart filled with toiletries exposed and you quickly grab anything you can to take with you as a souvenir.

Every morning before class lectures and exercise class, you and your roommate decided to explore the streets in search of a decent coffee shop, because you've noticed the Starbucks Coffee runs were robbing you. You also both find the menu provided by the Super 8 to be limited and the kitchen service very slow.

After walking ten minutes you find the right coffee shop. It's cute, non-expensive, and delicious! You discovered that the Holiland Coffee Shop has good prices and the service is quick, so you can make it back in time for class and be the envy of classmates who rolled out of bed late!

It was fun being able to buy pastries, junk food and bring it back to the hostel to enjoy a morning consisting of learning about the Chinese culture, Mandarin language and Chinese literature and Skype dates in your room too!

$23 US; Nights: 4; Phutho, Vietnam
Hoang Gia II Hotel

The Vietnam Village you stayed in for four days was not in the best conditions but after long days of classes and service projects, you forgot all about the imperfections and passed out every night. In those 4 days living in the village you had a daily routine that left you tired, hungry and a little cranky.

You start your day off early at 7:00 am with no problem, sometimes even waking up before the alarm clock goes off. You can't really say the same for your roommate who definitely had trouble waking up, since she was sick with an infection all week.

There is no restaurant or dining area in the hotel so you drive less than 8 minutes to the nearest restaurant. The restaurant only offers three meals for breakfast, which consisted of Bun, Pho, and fried egg with french bread. You opted everyday for the pho and coffee, even though you knew you would be starving an hour later.

After breakfast, you arrived at the commune where you would have the life sucked out of you from those long but interesting lectures on the Vietnamese language, and reading quizzes.

After three hours of class time, with no breaks, you were able to carry your tired little body to enjoy lunch.

The food presentations in Vietnam have earned it five stars, unlike the hotel. You then make your way outside to burn what you ate and help make a water drainage system. This lasted three more hours under the hot sun and under extreme but bearable humid conditions.

After work, you were super famished and exhausted. When you got to the restaurant to have dinner, no one had trouble taking off their shoes and sitting on the floor. The dinners were filling and a nice reward after a long day.

You admit that the biggest reward of the day was definitely getting to lay on the "hard as rock bed" with a mosquito net surrounding the entire bed.

The net created a cave that would keep you and your roommate safe from the spiders and from being eaten alive by the mosquitoes. The room was a little small and only had cold water, a fan and air conditioning, which broke the last two days.

Besides those imperfections you encountered every night and ended up forgetting they even existed, the room did the job at providing a place to come back to and rest after a super long, hard day.

Join Our Community
Ap