found a group and started to work with them. Questions started pouring out of their mouths, "Where are you from?" and "What is your name?" All of these were easy to answer until I was asked, "How long are you going to be here?" This question was challenging to answer because I started to realize that these students were very used to teachers from America coming and leaving.

Once I was struck with this question I felt like just another new face from a church in a random faraway place. Classroom walls were filled with English motivational posters and alphabet signs that were donated from an American school. Also, there were pictures and traces of many other groups that had come and worked with the children. For these students, I was simply another form of authority that would come in and attempt to teach some lessons and introduce new songs and games. I was afraid that I was not going to be my own person, but merely be placed into a mold that had been formed by all the previous teachers and volunteers. Through all the questioning and hesitancy to allow me into their classroom, I could sense that the students were fearful of attachment because they already knew I would not be here forever. However, thankfully all my negative thoughts and doubts were quickly knocked out of me by the swarm of warm hugs that I received the next morning.

Objective 1: The students will be able to see beyond their image of me as just another American teacher.

Within the days of class that ensued after our arrival I was given multiple opportunities to teach lessons and instruct various subjects. When I had first arrived, the kids all beautifully sang the "School is Awesome" song. "School is awesome, play and learn, reading, writing, singing, caring, sharing, friends, School is cool!" In my mind, I was thinking how simple it will be to teach this class because they have almost been brainwashed by this melody. In all the classrooms I had observed or been in back home, I had never had a class give an ode to school before their lessons. My cheerful perspective drastically changed when I was placed up in front of the classroom with 25 pairs of eyes staring at me. As I started to explain the math lesson for the day they all perked up to see what this foreigner was rambling about. However, at the end of their brief attention span of five minutes I had lost most of them. Within moments of asking the students to open up their math workbooks there were a few running around the room, many of them repeatedly asking to go to the bathroom, and a couple of them kicking each other under the tables. With a lot of patience and some intervention from Teacher Rhonia, we struggled through the math lesson together.

Objective 2: The students will be able to think of new ways to re-write the "School is Awesome" song to reflect their actual feelings.

No matter what I would be saying or doing in front of the classroom, the students never seemed to pay attention to the subject I was trying to teach. I was aiming to instruct them the only way I knew how, providing directions and then checking their work. After this failed multiple times, I asked the teacher to intervene and I sat down and tried to analyze what I was doing wrong. In the back of the classroom, I sat wishing that I could switch student's clothespins from green to red or wanting them each to have their own workbook and pencil. Through these frustrations I was able to realize that I was only allowing myself to teach the way that I knew how. I was trying my best to reorganize the classroom with my American education mindset and placing expectations on this classroom and these students that were unrealistic. My teaching strategies and goals were not adapting to meet these South African first graders at their learning level.

Tumisho and Keamegostwe, both six years old, probably know as many languages as years they have been alive. Through talking and interacting with them, I realized that even though the students know English there are still words and concepts that have to pass through various language barriers. South Africa has 11 official languages, and that does not take into account all of the different dialects and words that are formed in different regions or towns. At St. Peter they have signs up that say "We Speak English," but they also provide Afrikaans classes, the children bicker with one another in Zulu, and many of the teachers also come from countries other than South Africa. Therefore, it is clear that communication has to go through a lot more levels than I had been trained for. During the next lessons I taught I slowed down my pace, tried my best to address the trivial issues the students were facing, and tried to retrain my mind to believe that productivity was not merely completing a page in a workbook. The communication I had with the students was transformed into something that moves past English, Zulu, or any of the other nine languages. I came to recognize the power of enc