ow English there are still words and concepts that have to pass through various language barriers. South Africa has 11 official languages, and that does not take into account all of the different dialects and words that are formed in different regions or towns. At St. Peter they have signs up that say "We Speak English," but they also provide Afrikaans classes, the children bicker with one another in Zulu, and many of the teachers also come from countries other than South Africa. Therefore, it is clear that communication has to go through a lot more levels than I had been trained for. During the next lessons I taught I slowed down my pace, tried my best to address the trivial issues the students were facing, and tried to retrain my mind to believe that productivity was not merely completing a page in a workbook. The communication I had with the students was transformed into something that moves past English, Zulu, or any of the other nine languages. I came to recognize the power of encouragement. During my lessons, I aimed to have a simple high-five or a thumbs up be a way to motivate the students. Even though there were still challenges in getting them to understand, I felt like they responded positively to the incentive of affirmation that was provided. The students were finally starting to get accustomed to my teaching style. Now, I am not saying that my high-fives and kind gestures transformed the class completely, but it definitely captured some of the students’ minds and got them to work.

Objective 3: The student will be able to expect a high five when they have shown me that they have completed the workbook page and understand the material.

Teacher Rhonia, sincere and passionate, has had a huge heart for St. Peter since her initial investment when the school started back in 2011. While the students were in music class and in the midst of piling up stacks of graded papers, I was able to ask her about the teaching program that she went through in South Africa. She explained the two-year process that includes courses that provide instruction and also classroom observation. Overall, she helped me see how different the preparation was for being a teacher and how much this school district emphasizes actual experience over classes and courses.

Although our experience in learning how to fulfill the role of a teacher differed, we found a common joy in the rewards that come from getting this chance to be such an influential part of children's lives. Teacher Rhonia showered her class with love with the simple terms of endearment like "baby and honey." She also held the students up to a high standard allowing them to reflect on the mistakes they would make and helping them grow from it. She was the mother hen in her classroom and all of the students could see how much she cared for them. At the end of most school days after all the kids had left, we would look at one another and she would say to me, "I'm tired." Almost subtly acknowledging that if you were not exhausted at the end of the day, you were doing something wrong.

Objective 4: The student will be able to see how much effort Teacher Rhonia puts into her classroom through the love and compassion she has for her students.

At the beginning of my time in this first grade classroom, I was convinced that I could be a teacher. I was under the impression that I could come into a place and unload all my knowledge of American education on the classroom and make a dramatic impact. It did not take long for me to realize though that I was not doing the teaching, but I was instead doing the learning. Although classrooms may look very similar and the students may technically be in the same age range, there are so many other factors that contribute to a classroom. Before Ryan and I left St. Peter all the students all had some parting words to share. During that time there were a couple murmured thank you’s and God bless you's. However, one of the students Mpolio raised his voice amongst all the whispers and stated, "Know that we love you so and do not forget us."

After hearing these sweet words I realized that Dr. Peters would not be too pleased with my objectives for the time I spent in South Africa. They were not typical goals that one can obtain in a class period or that can be assessed. They were not necessarily measurable, obtainable, or practical in print. They were based in my ability to adapt to the way I believed teaching had to be and allowing the teacher and the students to redirect my ideas and actions. Through my experience in the classroom I observed that teaching is not universal, there are different methods and strategies. After a lot of reflection, I determined that it was my ability to learn that ultimately crossed cultural bounds and through this my perspective on the mind of a teacher changed. It is vital to be able to instruct and explain, but it is equally as important to observe and absorb knowledge as you teach.

Objective 5: The teacher w