https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/programs-abroad/around-the-world-semester/experience
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Around-the-World Semester®

Learn
Serve
Grow
Experience
Travel
Related Links
Experience
AROUND-THE-WORLD SEMESTER®

Adventurecan present itself in many forms. If you don't believe it, just wait till you see what happens on The Around-the-World Semester®. These experiences will inspire you to travel, take bigger steps, increase your confidence, and push you to live an abundant life.

Rounder Essays

If your writing skills are lacking now, they won't be after you return from the Around-the-World Semester®. The essays below will not only show off some fantastic writing skills from past Rounders, but they will also give you a glimpse into the adventures and new experiences that come along with this trip. Get inspired below.

‌
Learning Joy in Rwanda

Sarah McClaskey

Rwanda 2023

Though an injury had kept me from playing on Concordia’s water polo team, I found myself in rural Rwanda with a volleyball in hand, running around a muddy courtyard with a crowd of special needs kids — having the time of my life. Only God could have gotten me there.

Participating in the Around-the-World program had never been my ambition, though I had known of the program since I was in first grade. My friend’s dad, Dr. Norton, would take his family on exciting trips every other fall, and when my friend got back she answered all our questions about where she’d been and what she’d done. Little did

I suspect that one day I would go on this same journey — and have a life- changing experience.

Fast forward to my freshman year of college at Concordia, where I sustained an injury in the first water polo practice of the season, which meant huge disappointment, surgery, and missing most of the season. When Dr. Norton found out, he suggested, “How about you take off the whole semester and travel around the world with us?” The idea struck me and my parents as being from the Lord, though the trip was mere months away. Very unexpectedly,

I was suddenly on a plane with fellow students, traveling and learning from August to December 2023.

Our first stretch was spent in Cambodia and Thailand, but the trip deepened significantly for me when we got to Rwanda. For some reason, my mom had always told me, “Sarah, you would love Africa. You would be so good working with kids with special needs.” As it turned out, that’s exactly what I and others on our team did in a northern city called Musanze.

We were assigned to a home for children with special needs, run by a young woman named Quinn who spoke French but not English — which meant I was suddenly thrown into translation work because of my French language training in high school. The house offered much-needed care for kids with autism, Downs syndrome, stunted growth, encephalitis, and other life- defining maladies or conditions. In that safe and loving environment, they were educated and taught about the Lord while their parents were at work.

The liveliest times for me were in the dirt courtyard out back where the kids invited us to play volleyball with them. Sports is a universal language, and big smiles and high-fives were enough to bond us as we competed and played. I felt surrounded by love. Someone was always holding my hand or hugging me. Sometimes we ended up covered in mud because of the rain, which didn’t keep us from continuing the games. Every day I thought to myself, “This is the most amazing time of my life.” I was usually the last one to leave the courtyard.

We met Antoine, who had survived the 1994 genocide but whose mother and siblings had not. He and Quinn radiated the joy of the Lord. They also relied on the Lord daily as their source and provider. Some days they didn’t get any sleep or didn’t have access to a car. With so many apparent reasons to complain, they never did. The Lord gave them strength and energized them each day. They were so expectant and excited about what he would do next that it began to change my heart. In serving with them, I realized I had a much greater capacity for joy than I had ever known.

Leaving Rwanda was hard, and I shed many tears and hugged my hosts like the dear friends I knew they had become. In reflecting on my time there, I was blown away by the Lord’s goodness. How did I not see this coming? I wondered. How did I not anticipate that I would feel so connected to the people in Rwanda? It had to be the Lord and his wonderful sense of surprise.

Our Concordia group spent many meaningful days in Europe where I visited long-distance relatives in Rome, but Rwanda never left my heart. Back in Irvine, we took a class in global cultural studies and read a book called After the Trip: Unpacking Your Experience to answer questions like, “What did we learn about God and discipleship?” My answer was clear: I learned what it looks like to fully rely on the Lord in g