rgized them each day. They were so expectant and excited about what he would do next that it began to change my heart. In serving with them, I realized I had a much greater capacity for joy than I had ever known.

Leaving Rwanda was hard, and I shed many tears and hugged my hosts like the dear friends I knew they had become. In reflecting on my time there, I was blown away by the Lord’s goodness. How did I not see this coming? I wondered. How did I not anticipate that I would feel so connected to the people in Rwanda? It had to be the Lord and his wonderful sense of surprise.

Our Concordia group spent many meaningful days in Europe where I visited long-distance relatives in Rome, but Rwanda never left my heart. Back in Irvine, we took a class in global cultural studies and read a book called After the Trip: Unpacking Your Experience to answer questions like, “What did we learn about God and discipleship?” My answer was clear: I learned what it looks like to fully rely on the Lord in greater measure than ever before.

The Around-the-World trip taught me to posture my heart toward the Lord in a way that says, “You alone are my joy and my source. I want to rely on you each day.” I have new confidence that the Lord is going to complete all the good works he has begun in me — and I have new patience that God will make it all happen in ways I can’t yet see, just like he did in Rwanda.

Sarah McClaskey is a second-year history major at Concordia, from Ladera Ranch.

‌
Lessons Learned in Classroom 1B

by Jessica Schrank

South Africa 2014

Dr. Becky Peter's voice was resounding through my mind as I aimed to control and instruct a group of 25 rowdy first graders with their own agendas. In class last semester, my education professor repeatedly emphasized that the most vital phrase within a lesson plan is "the student will be able to." These words communicate a clear objective that reveals a goal to keep both the students and the teacher on task. Through my teaching experience in South Africa, I realized how much I had to alter my American perspective of teaching. My outlook was transformed through the different teaching methods practiced, conversations with Teacher Rhonia, and my ability to understand the classroom holistically. My view of teaching would no longer only be understood behind classroom walls, but in a way that crosses borders, boundaries, and cultures.

Within moments of walking onto St. Peter Christian College's campus I was dubbed, “Teacher Jessica.” This is a title I would soon respond to and a name that I would cherish forever. Originally, I believed this title was a result of four and a half years of schooling, mastering teaching strategies, and stressful CBEST and CSET tests. However, I quickly realized that this new role of responsibility was not going to need much preparation or practice, but would require me to just simply begin. I was ready for this. I had taken EDU 101 and passed. I had mastered different clapping strategies that could control classrooms. I had been through school before, so clearly I was equipped.

As I walked into Teacher Rhonia's classroom, the walls were adorned with posters that helped students learn how to count to 100, memorize their alphabet, identify certain colors, and locate various shapes. By only glancing around the room, I could already see the personalities that shaped the classroom and different ways that the class functioned. The room was decorated and organized in a fashion that was extremely similar to many typical American classrooms back in Southern California. I looked around the room and saw beaming smiles and curious faces that would soon become names and stories. Right when Ryan Fink and I arrived the class was getting ready to work in stations throughout the room that focused on practicing both reading and writing. Ryan is also studying to be a teacher and so we both walked into this activity with confidence. With a desire to be accepted and get to know the students I found a group and started to work with them. Questions started pouring out of their mouths, "Where are you from?" and "What is your name?" All of these were easy to answer until I was asked, "How long are you going to be here?" This question was challenging to answer because I started to realize that these students were very used to teachers from America coming and leaving.

Once I was struck with this question I felt like just another new face from a church in a random faraway place. Classroom walls were filled with English motivational posters and alphabet signs that were donated from an American school. Also, there were pictures and traces of many other groups that had come and worked with the children. For these students, I was simply another form of authority that would come in and attempt to teach some lessons and introduce new songs and games. I was afraid that I was not going to be my own person, but merely be placed into a mold that had been formed by all the previous teachers