 top of the Forte was the Copacabana Beach. This famous beach, packed with humanity, was covered in a tannish-yellow sand that made shoes squeak when you walked on it, and left clothing more dusty than sandy. It seemed that half of the city made its way to the beach that day, and they entertained themselves in a variety of ways, from swimming to soccer, foot-volley to sleeping. The Brazilian culture was well-represented on the beach that day. Samba music blared over speakers as youths of all ages danced along. People of dark skin as well as light engaged in the various sports together. Everyone of both genders seemed to be showing the same amount of skin, wearing tiny bathing suits not usually found on the beaches of Orange County.

I briefly experienced these parts of Brazilian culture, both up close and at a distance. I walked in and among the locals clad in tiny bathing suits and smelled the coconut drinks sold on the promenade. I also stood at the top of the Forte, as far away from the people as the distance between our two cultures. This presented an interesting dichotomy of living as a part of the culture, and still existing very much outside of it. Such was the time of our team in Brazil. We lived with Brazilians, ate with them, and learned about them, yet we could never be Brazilian. As I thought this from my viewpoint, I imagined the same for the other countries we would visit on this trip.

Next to the yellowish-tan beach, with a perfect view of the green water, sat the city skyline of Rio. Tall, sky-scraping buildings lined up with the promenade almost geometrically. The beachfront apartments and homes, sold to their owners for exorbitant amounts of money, looked out over the always-inviting Copacabana Beach. The entire city spread out expansively over the valley between the ocean and the green mountains. Within the city walked millions of people, both local and tourist, traipsing down busy streets, going to either work or play.

Contrasting with this beautiful, landmark beach, and the expensive property, was what sat to the right of the city. As Rio started to creep into the green hills before it reached the fog settling in the valleys, the types of buildings and housing deteriorated. All over the outskirts of this enormous city sat the favelas, Rio’s version of slums. They were built practically on an incline, not exactly the same kind of prime real estate where sat the beachfront apartments. Smoke rose from the favelas as we overlooked the city, with a view of both these expensive beach houses and the dangerous slums.

This juxtaposition of rich and poor, from my point of view, revealed the social injustice that exists in Rio. Though FIFA tried their best in preparation for the World Cup that same year, it couldn’t be covered up. My friends and I, that same day, accidentally ventured a little too far towards the hills and into a part of the city that looked noticeably different than the Copacabana Beach. This new understanding of Rio sparked a feeling of empathy towards those treated unjustly. It also caused a glimpse into another part of the future of the trip: the service projects we would engage in.

After viewing the green ocean and the human-dotted beach, and after seeing the sparkling skyline and run-down, ramshackle favelas, came a sight of an old friend. Cristo Redentor stood off in the distance, whiter than the clouds above it, arms outstretched over the city. The classic, picturesque image of Rio, the same one that filled a poster back at home, stood in the distance. The statue was partly clouded by some combination of fog and smog-an indication of spiritual struggle and strife sure to come-yet was somehow more distinct than the parts of the landscape that I could view quite clearly.

The statue of Jesus standing on that hill offered much encouragement to me. It was a reminder that the actual Christ stands over this city all the time. He is well aware of the injustices and suffering that goes on, and still his arms are outstretched in an embrace of Rio and everyone in it, to comfort and to protect. Despite the marked contrast between Copacabana and the favelas that caused my own empathy and questions, I remembered that His plan is perfect, for the city of Rio and for everyone who lives there. It was a reminder that Jesus fits the role of the statue’s name: Redentor, the Redeemer.

As I took in this panoramic mental picture of Rio de Janeiro, I underwent a series of emotions. The city had a way of washing over me, and putting me in a sublime state, something like drunkenness without the alcohol. Perhaps the tropical, paradise-like atmosphere put this feeling on me. I felt a joy for being there in that moment, as well as giddy excitement for the beginning of our journey. I was encouraged by the sight of Cristo on the hill, a reminder for me as much as for the city. The subtle difference between seeing and experiencing a place is the distinct joy of travel. This short jaunt through Rio 