https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/student-leadership/heritage-garden/liability-waiver-minor
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Heritage Garden
Stories
Liability Waivers 
Contact 
Donate Today

Heritage Garden Participation Agreement - Minor

RELEASE OF LIABILITY, PROMISE NOT TO SUE, ASSUMPTION OF RISK, AGREEMENT TO PAY CLAIMS, AND CONSENT TO MEDIA COVERAGE

I, the undersigned participant, am requesting to participate at the Concordia University Irvine Heritage Garden during the 2018-2019 academic year ending on July 31, 2019 (the “Activity”). I understand that my participation in the Activity may result in injuries to me or others resulting from the use of garden tools (shovels, pick axes, rakes, shears, etc.), exposure to plants that can irritate the skin (Stinging Nettle, etc.), contact with harmful wildlife (stinging or biting insects, scorpions, spiders, venomous and non-venomous snakes, ground squirrels, rabbits, rats, bobcats, birds, etc.), and/or encountering uneven surfaces, paths, rocks, metal and wood debris, recycled water and hazardous chemicals (herbicides, insecticides, fertilizers, etc.), among other dangers associated with the Activity.

In consideration for being allowed to participate in this Activity, on behalf of myself and my next of kin, heirs and representatives, I release from all liability and promise not to sue Concordia University Irvine or its regents, trustees, officers, employees, representatives, volunteers or agents (collectively, the “University”) for any and all claims, including claims of the University’s negligence, resulting in any physical or psychological injury (including paralysis and death), illness, damages, or economic or emotional loss I may suffer because of my participation in this Activity, including travel to, from and during the Activity.

I agree to hold the University harmless from any and all claims, including attorney’s fees or damage to my personal property that may occur as a result of my participation in this Activity, including travel to, from and during the activities of the Activity. If the University incurs any of these types of expenses, I agree to reimburse the University. If I need medical treatment, I agree to be financially responsible for any costs incurred as a result of such treatment. I am aware and understand that I should carry my own health and automobile insurance.

I certify that I am in good health and have no physical condition that would prevent participation in this Activity. Furthermore, I agree to use my personal medical insurance as a primary medical coverage payment if any accident or injury occurs. I consent to emergency medical treatment in the event such care is required.

I agree that photographs, pictures, slides, movies, video, or other media coverage of me may be taken in connection with my participation in this Activity, and I consent to the use and publication of such photographs, pictures, slides, movies, videos, or other media coverage for any legal purpose by the University, without compensation to me from the University.

I understand the legal consequences of signing this document, including (a) releasing the University from all liability, (b), promising not to sue the University, (c) assuming all risks participating in this Activity, including travel to, from and during the Activity, and (d) consent to media coverage and publication without compensation.

I understand that this document is written to be as broad and inclusive as legally permitted by the State of California. I agree that if any portion is held invalid or unenforceable, I will continue to be bound by the remaining terms.

I have read this document and I am signing it freely. No other representations concerning the legal effect of this document have been made to me.

Participant's Parent/Guardian's Signature 
Minor Participant's Name 
Date 
Participant's Parent/Guardian's Email 

Please utilize the space below to provide any medical/prescription information that you request be released to emergency medical providers.

Emergency Contact 
Emergency Phone 
List medical/prescription information

I am the parent or legal guardian of the Participant. I understand the legal consequences of signing this document, including (a) releasing the University from all liability on my and the Participant’s behalf, (b) promising not to sue on my and the Participant’s behalf, (c) assuming all risks of the Participant’s participation in the Activity, including travel to, from and during the Activity, and (d) consent to media coverage and publication without compensation. I allow Participant to participate in this Activity. I understand that I am responsible for the obligations and acts of Participant as described in the document. I agree to be bound by the terms of the document.

I have read this waiver in its entirety, and I am signing it freely. No other representations concerning the legal effect 