https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/living-learning-communities/mission-statement
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Living Learning Communities

Mission & Purpose
Communities 
Why Join an LLC?
How to Apply
Faculty In Residence
Contact Us
Related Links 
Mission Statement
LIVING LEARNING COMMUNITIES
Mission Statement

Guided by the Great Commission, Concordia University is committed to student learning, service, and leadership. The Living Learning Communities do this by creating a residential environment that is supportive of students developing personally, becoming responsible global citizens, and learning for a lifetime through meaningful interactions with faculty, staff and students.

Student Learning Outcomes

As a result of participating in a Living Learning Community (LLC), students will:

Develop a sense of belonging in the university community.
Be able to explain the various aspects of their identities and how it relates to diverse communities.
Engage in collaborative and transformative educational experiences that promote socially conscious values, academic achievement, and the development of the whole scholar.
Serve society in ethical and merciful ways, examining benefits gained and challenges encountered.
Purpose

Concordia University currently offers 4 Living Learning Communities (LLCs) where students live together in a dedicated area of a residence hall. Each LLC includes faculty or staff in residence and is designed to deliver a variety of unique events and individualized services to support students in their academic and personal growth.

The Living Learning Communities are distinctive, theme-based residential learning environments that:

Promote faithfulness
Encourage student choice and design
Align with the Concordia University Irvine mission and vision

"Every residence hall should be organized around a specific educational theme." - George Kuh

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

