https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/living-learning-communities/communities
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Living Learning Communities

Mission & Purpose
Communities 
Why Join an LLC?
How to Apply
Faculty In Residence
Contact Us
Related Links 
Communities
LIVING LEARNING COMMUNITIES
LLC Model

Concordia University’s LLCs provide a holistic approach to student development and learning through academic partnerships, and service-learning opportunities. Each community is uniquely designed to facilitate meaningful connections between peers and among students, faculty, and staff. Students may seek to participate in one of the four common interest communities and one transition community. With five different communities, we seek to provide all of our students the opportunity to experience a seamless learning environment in our residential areas.

Common Interest Communities

These four communities (located in the Upper Quads) are not tied to a specific major but house students who are connected through common values and shared interests. Faculty and students engage in intentional conversation and experiences that align with each LLC mission.

Bella Amore

A community of women engaged in critical conversation about what is true, noble, right, pure and admirable.

LEARN MORE
Global Village

A community of men and women interested in broadening their understanding of world issues and cultures while living on the CUI campus.

LEARN MORE
The Creative Edge

A community of artists who will live to celebrate the many creative gifts God gave us.

LEARN MORE
Polis Plaza

A community of students, rooted in CUI's Christ-centered mission to produce wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens.

LEARN MORE
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

