https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/kinesiology/lifespan-allied-health
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Kinesiology Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Get Started
KINESIOLOGY MAJOR
Lifespan and Allied Health
SCHOOL OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

The Lifespan and Allied Health emphasis is geared toward students who wish to pursue their Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN), or continue on to graduate school for Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Cardiac Rehab, Athletic Training, or other allied health professions.

BACHELOR OF SCIENCE: KINESIOLOGY
60-62 Units
CORE COURSES
39 Units
BIO 246: Human Anatomy and Physiology I
4

First of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology. Topics include the structure and function of cells, tissues, and the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 247: Human Anatomy and Physiology II
4

Second of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology.  Topics include the endocrine, cardiovascular, lymphatic/immune, respiratory, digestive, urinary, and reproductive systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintain homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.   Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in BIO 111 and BIO 246 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (spring semester).

KIN 220: Foundations of Human Movement Studies
3

This course will introduce and explore the broad field of human movement, exercise and physical activity. This course will introduce students to the domains and disciplines of study used to understand human movement, exercise and physical activity. Students will learn how to read, understand, critique, and write research articles the discipline of Kinesiology.


KIN 304: Motor Learning and Control
3

This course will give an overview of significant behavioral theories which influence and determine the learning and production of motor skills. Included will be learning theories and motor control theories as well as application of theory to motor performance.


KIN 305: Motor Development
3

This course will study motor skills and physical development from birth to adulthood with an emphasis on infancy, childhood, and adolescence including neurological, physiological, intellectual, social, and emotional factors that influence gross and fine movement activities.


KIN 320: Historical, Social, Cultural Foundations of Sport and P.E.
3

This course will present and discuss the philosophical, historical, and sociological constructs relevant to sport and physical education. Philosophy of sport will explore ways to understand sport involvement. History of sport will be explored from Ancient Greece to modern times. Sociology of sport will be explored regarding current challenges, relevant issues, and controversies in sport and physical education.


KIN 365: Sport Psychology
3

The role of psychomotor and cognitive factors in human movement and sport settings are discussed and explored in this course along with selected topics of such as personality theory, arousal, attribution theory, achievement motivation, anxiety, sport performance interventions, goal setting, attention styles, aggression, social facilitation, social reinforcement, and imagery.


KIN 403: Biomechanics
4

This introductory course will look at the basic principles of anatomical mechanics and their applications to human movement including an analysis of efficient movement. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: KIN 317.


KIN 406: Exercise Physiology
4

This course applies the physiological principles to the study of human performance in exercise. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: BIO 246 and BIO 247.


KIN 407: Kinesiology
4

This course will study human movement with an emphasis on the structure and function of the skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite:  BIO 246.

KIN 410: Statistics and Measurement
4

The development, evaluation, and administration of measurement techniques and tests in exercise science will be explored through lectur