https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/kinesiology/lifespan-allied-health
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Kinesiology Major
Emphases
Minors
Faculty
Get Started
KINESIOLOGY MAJOR
Lifespan and Allied Health
SCHOOL OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SCIENCES
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Curriculum

The Lifespan and Allied Health emphasis is geared toward students who wish to pursue their Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN), or continue on to graduate school for Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Cardiac Rehab, Athletic Training, or other allied health professions.

BACHELOR OF SCIENCE: KINESIOLOGY
60-62 Units
CORE COURSES
39 Units
BIO 246: Human Anatomy and Physiology I
4

First of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology. Topics include the structure and function of cells, tissues, and the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (fall semester).

BIO 247: Human Anatomy and Physiology II
4

Second of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and physiology.  Topics include the endocrine, cardiovascular, lymphatic/immune, respiratory, digestive, urinary, and reproductive systems. Introduces common human disease processes.  Emphasis is on interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in maintain homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical studies using microscopy and dissection and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.   Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: C- or better in BIO 111 and BIO 246 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (spring semester).

KIN 220: Foundations of Human Movement Studies
3

This course will introduce and explore the broad field of human movement, exercise and physical activity. This course will introduce students to the domains and disciplines of study used to understand human movement, exercise and physical activity. Students will learn how to read, understand, critique, and write research articles the discipline of Kinesiology.


KIN 304: Motor Learning and Control
3

This course will give an overview of significant behavioral theories which influence and determine the learning and production of motor skills. Included will be learning theories and motor control theories as well as application of theory to motor performance.


KIN 305: Motor Development
3

This course will study motor skills and physical development from birth to adulthood with an emphasis on infancy, childhood, and adolescence including neurological, physiological, intellectual, social, and emotional factors that influence gross and fine movement activities.


KIN 320: Historical, Social, Cultural Foundations of Sport and P.E.
3

This course will present and discuss the philosophical, historical, and sociological constructs relevant to sport and physical education. Philosophy of sport will explore ways to understand sport involvement. History of sport will be explored from Ancient Greece to modern times. Sociology of sport will be explored regarding current challenges, relevant issues, and controversies in sport and physical education.


KIN 365: Sport Psychology
3

The role of psychomotor and cognitive factors in human movement and sport settings are discussed and explored in this course along with selected topics of such as personality theory, arousal, attribution theory, achievement motivation, anxiety, sport performance interventions, goal setting, attention styles, aggression, social facilitation, social reinforcement, and imagery.


KIN 403: Biomechanics
4

This introductory course will look at the basic principles of anatomical mechanics and their applications to human movement including an analysis of efficient movement. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite: KIN 317.


KIN 406: Exercise Physiology
4

This course applies the physiological principles to the study of human performance in exercise. A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: BIO 246 and BIO 247.


KIN 407: Kinesiology
4

This course will study human movement with an emphasis on the structure and function of the skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. A lab fee is required. Prerequisite:  BIO 246.

KIN 410: Statistics and Measurement
4

The development, evaluation, and administration of measurement techniques and tests in exercise science will be explored through lecture and practical applications. Basic statistical analyses and applications in interpreting tests and measurements are taught. A lab fee is required.


LIFESPAN AND ALLIED HEALTH EMPHASIS
21-23 Units
KIN 330: Lifestyle Medicine and Wellness
3

This course will explore the research evidence for lifestyle effects on health and wellness including; nutrition, fluids, physical activity, stress, depression, happiness, sleep, pain management, and addiction; issues in health literacy; lifestyle effects on behavior change and motivation; and the role of lifestyle on chronic disease. Students will learn an alternative way of understanding health and health care compared to the typical pay-for-service or caring for the sick health care model.


KIN 395: Practicum: Allied Health
3

This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom directly related to the student's major, minor or professional program that is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience. Offered at a Pass/No Pass course.


Choose five (5) of the following courses:
BIO 371: Neuroscience
4

This course is an introduction to the neurosciences, including cellular, systems, cognitive, and computational neurobiology, as well as mammalian neuroanatomy. Primary neuroscientific literature will be analyzed, and approaches to studying the nervous system will be examined. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required. Offered annually (typically fall semester).

KIN 208: Athletic Injuries
3

This course takes a cross-disciplinary analysis of injuries to understand how a person can be injured, the physical, sociological, cultural and psychological causes of injury, how to understand the antecedents of injuries, the consequences of injuries, and how to prevent injuries.

KIN 245: Medical Terminology
3

Medical/healthcare terminology course introduces the student to the medical abbreviations, prefixes, suffixes and root word terminology as it relates to the human body systems and the provision of health care. This course serves as a prerequisite for most post graduate allied healthcare programs.


KIN 306: Nutritional Sciences
3

This course will explore issues pertinent to the study of health and nutrition for the active individual. This course will analyze concepts and controversies and will emphasize the importance of research and clinical studies in the current nutritional literature. Students will also examine and discuss key concepts concerning the role of nutrition in overall health and well-being for a healthy lifestyle.


KIN 307: Exercise and Gerontology
3

This course is will explore the latest evidence-based research on the effects of aging and will familiarize students with the physiological impacts of aging as it relates to the decline in physical development, cardiovascular and pulmonary functioning, and muscular strength and power. This course will also introduce the effects of declining motor skills as well as other physical-psychosocial relationships associated with aging.

KIN 310: General Medicine and Pharmacology
3

This course will incorporate the knowledge, skills, and values that health professionals must possess to recognize, treat, and refer general medical conditions and disabilities. Students will also look at the skills and knowledge of pharmacologic applications for those involved in sport and physical activity. A lab fee is required.


KIN 348: Evaluation of Injuries
4

This course provides a theoretical and practical approach to injury assessment of the upper and lower body. A systematic evaluation process is utilized to assess injuries and conditions that involve the head/face, cervical/thoracic spine, shoulder, elbow, forearm, wrist, hand, abdominal viscera, lumbar spine, hip, thigh, knee, lower leg, ankle, foot, and gait analysis. Lab time is included in the schedule.

KIN 358: Therapeutic Exercise
3

A theoretical and practical approach to therapeutic exercise will be introduced, discussed and explored in this course. Lab time is included in the schedule.


KIN 364: Exercise Psychology
3

This course will focus on the psychological understanding of exercise behavior through the examination of psychological, psycho-physiological, and social factors that influence physical activity participation and performance; how participating in physical activity and exercise affect psychological well-being; and the theoretical, methodological, and applied approaches to a variety of topics related to exercise psychology.


KIN 368: Therapeutic Modalities
3

A theoretical and practical approach for therapeutic modalities in exercise and rehabilitation are discussed and explored in this course. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab fee is required.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

