https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/living-learning-communities/faculty-in-residence
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Living Learning Communities

Mission & Purpose
Communities 
Why Join an LLC?
How to Apply
Faculty In Residence
Contact Us
Related Links 
Faculty in Residence
LIVING LEARNING COMMUNITIES
Application Process

Serving as Faculty In Residence in a LLC is a unique opportunity to live with students and help them develop intellectually, socially, spiritually, and vocationally. Such a residential model of education has a good tradition in Lutheran higher education, going back to when Martin and Katherine Luther housed students in their home.

Faculty in Residence will:

Initiate and sponsor formal and informal programs within one’s Living Learning Community including discussions, lectures, study breaks, or other small gatherings where students have the opportunity to talk with faculty or other appropriate guests.
Provide 6-8 hours per week of student interaction and community involvement.
Promote, enhance, and sustain faculty involvement in the Living Learning Community by encouraging greater faculty participation and facilitating meaningful encounters between students and faculty.
Serve as a role model for adhering to all University and Student Housing policies and procedures.
Establish positive relationships and frequent communication among the Faculty in Residence, RES professional staff, academic partners, and student leaders such as Resident Assistants, clubs, orgs etc.
Current Faculty in Residence

Our current faculty in residence and their families are housed in on-campus apartments within their respective Living Learning Community. Faculty in residence host a multitude of academic and social events, discussions, and experiences throughout the year for their residential students. If you are interested in collaborating with any of the Faculty in Residence for one of their events, please feel free to reach out to them directly.

Monique Nunes, MA - Global Village LLC
Building: Lambda
monique.nunes@cui.edu

Dr. Bryan Santin - Polis Plaza LLC
Building: Kappa
bryan.santin@cui.edu

Dr. Christian Hauser - The Creative Edge LLC
Building: Theta
christian.hauser@cui.edu

Dr. Kristen Koenig - Bella Amore LLC
Building: Omicron
kristen.koenig@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

