https://www.cui.edu/admissions/undergraduate/apply/transfer
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
TRANSFER TO CONCORDIA
Undergraduate Admissions

A transfer student is an applicant who has enrolled and earned units at a community college or other postsecondary institution, prior to entering Concordia University Irvine.

EXPLORE ?
Join the Concordia Community

Concordia University Irvine offers an experience for your whole self—the thinking & the feeling side of you; your head & your heart; your body & your soul; your mind & your spirit.

Your educational experience will be challenging & diverse; our faculty & staff are committed mentors who learn & live alongside students.

Explore our Majors, Minors, & Programs »
Schedule a Visit »
Learn more about Scholarships & Financial Aid »
View Articulation Agreements »
Apply Now

START YOUR APPLICATION

Log in to continue your application
We also accept the Common App

Concordia & You
Connect With Your Counselor

Sign up for a personal counseling session with your Transfer Admissions Counselor. 

Contact your counselor directly:

Lily Castor
Transfers
lillian.castor@cui.edu
949-214-3611

Lonnie Lee
International Transfer Students
lonnie.lee@cui.edu
949-214-3062

Explore Concordia

In your college search, it’s important that you find the right fit for you. Schedule a campus tour today to experience our beautiful campus and bright, supportive community! You also have the option to request a Virtual Admissions Session.

SCHEDULE A CAMPUS TOUR

Admitted students

Talk to your Admissions Counselor
Get your questions answered about Financial Aid
View our Admitted Students Checklist

Visit us at one of our upcoming Admissions events

VISIT CONCORDIA

How to Apply
Apply by November 15 for early action.
Concordia University Irvine Online Application
Common App
We are waiving the $50 application fee!
Submit your college transcripts.
Transcripts from each institution attended, covering all collegiate-level coursework are required. Transcripts can be sent in electronically or be mailed to the address below.
Submit your high school transcript.
High school transcripts (which indicate and verify graduation) or GED completion certificate can be mailed to:
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
Concordia University Irvine
1530 Concordia West
Irvine, CA 92612

Are you a Military member, Veteran, or family member who can access GI Bill® military education benefits? Our Veteran’s Resource Center will support you from day one to graduation.

Admission Requirements
Cumulative college GPA of a 2.3 or higher
Graduated from a high school or earned a GED
Application Deadlines
Fall Semester
Type	Apply By	Notified By
Early Action	November 15, 2023	Mid-December
Early Action II (Priority)	February 15, 2024	March 1
Rolling Admissions	August 23, 2024	 

Note: Applications received after April 1 are reviewed on a rolling basis, and it is recommended that students apply well in advance. Once your application is complete, it usually takes two weeks to receive an admissions decision, depending upon the time of year.

Preparing to Transfer

Concordia University Irvine welcomes transfer students who have earned approved academic units at an accredited post-secondary institution and a minimum college GPA of 2.3.

In addition to meeting admission requirements, transfer students are encouraged to complete as many General Education (GE) and major requirements as possible prior to transfer. Learn more about credit evaluations and view articulation agreements.

PREPARING TO TRANSFER
Transfer Life at Concordia
Residential Education and Services (RES) will assist transfer students in finding on-campus housing in our Residence Halls for Upper Classman.
Commuter Outreach Coordinators help commuter students become an active part of the college community by connecting them to campus events, resources and clubs and organizations.
Find your people and make connections by joining a club or organization.

Learn more about Student Life at Concordia »

Frequently Asked Questions
Do I apply as a first year or transfer student?

A transfer student is someone who has enrolled and earned units at a postsecondary institution prior to entering Concordia University Irvine. This does not include students who have attended college for the first time during the summer immediately prior to fall admission at Concordia University Irvine. If you completed units the summer after graduating high school, you will need to apply as a first year student.

Are there required courses that I need to complete before transferring?

There are no pre-requisite courses to applying to Concordia University Irvine.

What if I do not see an articulation agreement for the school I am attending?

Contact your admissions counselor. We can still give you information on what units transfer to Concordia University Irvine.

How can I set up an appointment to speak to someone about 