https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/showcase/2013
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

President's Academic Showcase

Showcase Results
Related Links
2013 President’s Academic Showcase of Undergraduate Research
PRESIDENT'S ACADEMIC SHOWCASE

The 2013 Showcase drew over 24 participants, and 16 faculty members from a wide variety of academic disciplines. Below are the Tier One and Tier Two finalists, with links to the abstracts of their research. Read more about the Showcase.

Tier One
 
1st Place: Grace Chong - faculty mentor Dr. John Kenney
Solar Energy Storage II: Photoactivity of Earth-Abundant Transition Metal Oxides Using the Solar Energy Activity Lab (SEAL) with Dry Electrode Contacts

“It was really challenging and rewarding at the same time. I loved the unique opportunity to work one-to-one with my mentor.”
-Grace Chong

 
2nd Place: Miseker Abate - faculty mentor Dr. Young and Dr. Kane-Barnese
Shedding New Light on Acne: The Effects of Photodynamic Therapy on Propionibacterium acnes
 
3rd Place: Joseph Laughon - faculty mentor Dr. Jeff Mallinson
From Geneva to Yorktown: Did Calvinist Resistance Theory Influence the American Revolution?
Honorable Mention: Rebecca Rierson Lott - faculty mentor Dr. Daniel van Voorhis
Stranger in a Strange Land: The Story of John a Lasco, the Forgotten Reformer
Honorable Mention: Megan Greidanus and Kirstin Tuccinardi - faculty mentor Dr. John Lu
Motivations for the Pursuit of an Undergraduate Education: A Comparison Between Students and Faculty
Tier Two
1st Place: Roberto Flores de Apodaca - faculty mentor Dr. Melinda Schulteis
Reforming the Electoral College

"It was totally fun. I got to know a lot of people, and helped me to grow as a person, and as a student."
- Roberto Flores de Apodaca

 
2nd Place: Karen Gurske - faculty mentor Prof. Sherilyn Schneekluth
Turning the Page on Ineffective Reading Instruction: Look and Say Versus Phonics
 
3rd Place: Allistair Galindo - faculty mentor Susan Bachman
Shakespeare’s Anthony and Cleopatra: Unlocking Literature through Logic
 
Best Poster
Paige Finley - faculty mentor Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Insights to the Activation of CCS Dependent Sod1: Determining if Over Expressing CCS wt, C231S, C229S, and C229-231S Rescues Sod1 Growth in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

