https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/showcase/2011
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

President's Academic Showcase

Showcase Results
Related Links
2011 President’s Academic Showcase of Undergraduate Research
PRESIDENT'S ACADEMIC SHOWCASE

The 2011 Showcase drew over 20 participants from a wide variety of academic disciplines. Below are the Tier One and Tier Two finalists.

Tier One
 
1st Place: Joel Landis - faculty mentor Dr. Daniel van Voorhis
Is China a Revisionist State? Examining China’s Military Rise Through Power Transition Theory

"You’re not just writing a paper and getting comments back, you’re being challenged to do the best you possibly can....The whole experience was invaluable as I head into grad school."
-Joel Landis

 
2nd Place: Brad Fuller and Duje Grubisic - faculty mentor Prof. Andy Grimalda
Is Inventory a Worthy Indicator of Business Cycles?
 
3rd Place: Emily Scherping - faculty mentor Dr. Kerri Tom
In the Shadow of a Poet: A Feminist Reading of Virgil’s Camilla
 
Honorable Mention: Marissa Brown, Stephen Dotta, Justin Wilson, Cassandra Johnson, and Kristin Turner - faculty mentor Dr. Roberto Flores de Apodaca
Descriptive Study of Contested, Workers’ Compensation Psychiatric Claims
 
Honorable Mention: Matthew Arnold - faculty mentor Dr. Greg Seltz
A Comparative Analysis of Latin American Liberation Theology and Lutheran Two Kingdom Doctrine
Tier Two
 
1st Place: Paige Finley - faculty mentor Dr. Lindsay Kane-Barnese
Insights to the activation of Sod1: Determining if Over Expressing CCS st, C231S, C229S and C229-231S rescues Sod1 Growth in Saccharomyces cerevisiae

"I learned how to do a lot of stuff many students don’t know how to do — researching in the lab, seeing what it takes to find a cure to a certain disease and experiencing how much work goes into working in a lab. The Showcase was a great opportunity."
-Paige Finley

 
2nd Place: Josh Canter - faculty mentor Dr. Melinda Schulteis
Connecting the Die Hard Problem and Pythagorean Triples
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

