uch for you, write an article for another site that accepts travel articles. Go Overseas is always open to writers who can share stories on the topics we’re looking for.
Make videos: Don’t like writing? Consider posting videos on YouTube or Vimeo outlining your ideas on living abroad, coming home, and any other angle you feel would be helpful to yourself and others.
Get creative: Make a scrapbook or frame pictures as a way to relive your memories. You can keep these items as memorabilia and show them to guests who ask about them.
Give Back & Encourage Others to Study Abroad

One of the best ways to help get through reverse culture shock is by helping others get excited about the amazing, life-changing experience you’ve just had. Here are some ideas to get you started:

Volunteer (or work) at your study abroad office: Often there are peer mentor positions at the study abroad office, where you can meet with prospective students, give them some little insight from your own experience, and help point them in the right direction before they speak with an advisor.
Volunteer at study abroad fairs and events: In a similar vein, most universities have various international education-focused events throughout the year, and they’re usually on the lookout for study abroad alumni to speak about their experiences -- whether it’s formally in a speech or panel, or manning a table.
Become a program ambassador: Did you love the program you went abroad with? Contact them about becoming a campus ambassador. You’ll have the chance to represent your program at various events and fairs on campus, and who knows… maybe it will lead to something more!
Give back by working with international students: If your university has a lot of international students, they probably also have a lot of ways for local students to get involved. It could be something as simple as showing them around campus on their first days, or something as extensive as meeting every week for conversations to help them with their English.
Explore Your Own Country

Just because you are back home doesn’t mean you have to stop traveling and experiencing new cultures. Find places and do things in your home country that remind you of the good times you had while overseas.

Do you miss the food from abroad? Find a restaurant that serves food from your host country. Better yet, make a meal yourself and have a dinner party teaching others about it. Or, go on new and exciting adventures to parks, events, or concerts. There are a lot of places you probably haven’t seen in your own country that need exploring. Why not take a road trip or even just a day trip to reawaken your sense of adventure? Have a “staycation!”

Final Thoughts on Reverse Culture Shock

It takes time to adjust to a new culture after studying abroad -- even when that culture is the one you grew up in! Reverse culture shock is definitely real, and it’s okay if you’re experiencing it. Know that the phases will pass over time, and you will get through them.

With these tips and a better understanding of your experience, you can successfully navigate reverse culture shock and come through a more worldly person ready to explore again! Maybe this time you'll try out teaching abroad or decide to go learn a foreign language in a new country. You could look into international internships to complement your college experience, or choose to volunteer abroad during one of your breaks from class. No matter which experience you choose next, you’re now equipped to handle it -- and all the feelings that accompany the return home!

This story is a consolidated version of several stories we've published about reverse culture shock over the years. Those original stories were published by Megan Lee (in 2011), Alexa Hart (in 2013), and Rachel Taft (in 2014). This article was updated in August 2018 to bring our best resources on reverse culture shock into one place.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

