ind that you cycle through phases 3 and 4 a few times in the first few months after returning home from study abroad. During this time, you’re slowly reconciling your experiences abroad with your life back home (you may even realize that “home” is a much more fluid concept than you thought now that you’ve had more than one).

Stage #5: Acceptance & Engagement

At some point, you’ll eventually re-integrate with life at home. You might forget the specific details of something you experienced abroad that caused you frustration or confusion. You might fall out of touch with study abroad friends. These are an unfortunate reality of passing time, and it’s okay to feel a bit sad about them.

You’ll also discover that during this time, you come to accept everything you used to know so well about home. You’ll reconnect with friends and family from home, get re-engaged with your favorite activities, and head back to campus ready to dive back into your college experience. The pangs of missing your study abroad experience will become fewer and farther between.

Stage #6: Mastery

By stage 6, the final stage, you’re successfully through the worst parts of reverse culture shock. Phew!

This stage is where you can look back fondly on your study abroad experience, and also live in the moment back home. You may have wanderlust and already started planning your next trip -- but you’re also happy to be home. The highs and lows of the reverse culture shock rollercoaster are much less dramatic. Congratulations on making it through this complicated, emotional journey!

Tips for Managing Reverse Culture Shock

If you’re still in one of the earlier stages, read on to learn some of our top tips for getting through reverse culture shock as easily as possible.

Understand & Accept You’re a Different Person After Studying Abroad

Acknowledging and accepting the fact that you have changed through studying abroad is the first step to readjusting back home. Your worldview has inevitably been altered, and your friends and family may not realize it.

It’s hard to explain what you’re going through to people who haven’t experienced it. To make sense of your thoughts, consider keeping a journal to jot down your reflections. Your writing doesn’t need to be lengthy. It can be as simple as a few words or sentences. Getting it down on paper (or a computer doc) can serve as a good outlet to process your re-entry.

Connect with Fellow Study Abroad Alumni

The good part about today’s world is that you can connect with anyone with just a few simple clicks. If you’re missing the friends you made while abroad, hop on Skype or shoot them an email. This won’t change the fact that you’re not together anymore, but it will help you share your experience adjusting to life back home with others who get it.

Interacting with people online only goes so far. Sometimes the best way to feel less “foreign” in your own country is to meet up with others who have gone through similar experiences. You might try joining a meetup of study abroad alumni or connecting with your study abroad office to plan an event for everyone who just got back from studying abroad. These types of experiences will help you connect with new people who also understand what you’re going through.

Keep Your Memories Alive

Not everyone wants to hear you talk about the pigs’ feet you ate, the glacier you climbed, or the romantic boat ride you took. A great way to express yourself to the right audience is through your own work. Here are some ideas that you can implement:

Start your own site or blog: It’s super simple to set up your own blog these days. Writing for an audience can be a great way to organize your thoughts and stories. Your own site can also serve as a portfolio piece for a resume, so make your posts insightful, unique, and interesting.
Write for other sites: Often, travel sites look for writers to share their own knowledge about living in a particular city. If maintaining a site of your own is too much for you, write an article for another site that accepts travel articles. Go Overseas is always open to writers who can share stories on the topics we’re looking for.
Make videos: Don’t like writing? Consider posting videos on YouTube or Vimeo outlining your ideas on living abroad, coming home, and any other angle you feel would be helpful to yourself and others.
Get creative: Make a scrapbook or frame pictures as a way to relive your memories. You can keep these items as memorabilia and show them to guests who ask about them.
Give Back & Encourage Others to Study Abroad

One of the best ways to help get through reverse culture shock is by helping others get excited about the amazing, life-changing experience you’ve just had. Here are some ideas to get you started:

Volunteer (or work) at your study abroad office: Often there are peer mentor positions at the study abroad office, where you can meet with prospective students, give them some little insight from your own experience, and