https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/programs-abroad/study-abroad/academic-advising-and-credit
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Partner Programs Abroad

Resources
General Information
Program Locations
Related Links
Academic Advising & Credit
STUDY ABROAD
Academic Advising

Students may earn major and/or minor credit abroad but must consult with their academic advisor(s) about it during the application process.

Types of Credit

Students may earn Concordia University Irvine credit for courses taken abroad on Concordia University Irvine-approved semester or year-abroad programs. With explicit approval from their academic advisor(s), they may earn credit toward their declared major(s) and/or minor(s). The maximum number of Concordia University Irvine units that students can earn varies from program to program. Provided that the course a student takes (and passes) on the study abroad program is in a subject area offered at Concordia University Irvine, the student can earn Concordia University Irvine credit. By default, the credit offered will be elective credit if the courses are not approved for major or minor credit by the student's academic advisor(s).

Students in all Concordia University Irvine undergraduate schools are welcome to participate in the study abroad programs offered through the Moon International Center. Students who decide not to pursue major credit on an overseas program are encouraged to pursue credit toward a minor. In addition to foreign language and area studies minors, there are many minors for which students may earn credit while abroad.

Types of Coursework

All students are expected to include some coursework in their major or minor field of study and/or advancement of foreign language skills (whether or not for major or minor credit) in their study plan for their semester or year abroad.

Study Abroad Advising Record

As part of the application process, students are required to meet with their academic advisor to discuss major and/or minor credit for the courses they wish to take abroad, and jointly complete the Study Abroad Application. At that point, the advisor may pre-approve courses, tentatively approve courses, or not approve courses for major and/or minor credit.

While most undergraduate courses at Concordia University Irvine are 3-unit courses, the number of units per course at overseas institutions may vary considerably.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

