o's
CVS
U.S. Post Office
Is the study abroad application process competitive?
Some programs are more competitive than others, due to higher GPA requirements or enrollment limits. While it is rare that students are not able to participate in the program of their choice, we do advise students applying to competitive programs to choose a backup as well.

 

Eligibility
Is there a minimum required GPA?
No, a student needs to be in good academic standing and not on probation to study abroad through the Study Abroad Office. Some programs have a higher GPA requirement due to their academic rigor.

 

Can only certain majors study abroad?

No. All programs are open to all students regardless of major, with the following exceptions:

ESELSCA – Dual Degree Program – you are able to study in Paris for a semester without getting the dual degree
Do I have to speak a foreign language?
No. The Study Abroad Office administers some programs with no language requirement whatsoever. In addition, many other programs have language requirements of as few as two semesters. Check with the individual program for information regarding specific requirements.

 

My program requires two semesters of a college-level language - what does this mean?
Two semesters of college-level language is equivalent to having completed the second-semester course in that language. You can also meet this requirement by taking the placement test and placing out of the second semester.

 

Credit
Where can I find a list of the courses that count for my major/minor abroad?
The Study Abroad Office has a list of some approved Concordia University Irvine equivalents for some courses offered on some study abroad programs. This is by no means an exhaustive list. Students may look at the online course catalog for their chosen program and ask their academic advisor whether major/minor credit will be granted for individual courses. Many departments keep lists of courses that have been pre-approved. If a course you want to take has not been pre-approved, your advisor may ask for a syllabus or course description to evaluate the content. Syllabi and course descriptions can often be found online; if you cannot find them contact the Study Abroad Office.

 

Will all the courses that I take be awarded Concordia University Irvine credit?
Usually. All courses taken through a Study Abroad Office program that are in an undergraduate area of study offered at Concordia University Irvine will be granted Concordia University Irvine credit and will count toward the 64-unit residency requirement. Examples of courses that would not be granted Concordia University Irvine credit would be Global Tourism or Gaming Industry Management, which are areas of study not offered at Concordia University Irvine.

 

Can I take General Education courses abroad?
Yes, for some courses as long as it has been pre-approved. At this time, the CORE cannot be taken abroad.

 

Overseas Travel and Housing
Does Concordia University Irvine arrange my travel?
No. Some programs are operated in cooperation with other universities or organizations, and group flights may be available. Many of the programs offer excursions with pre-arranged transportation during the term.

 

What kind of travel documents will I need?
All students studying abroad must have a passport, which should be valid for at least six months beyond the last day of their program. Before departing the U.S., you will also need to obtain a student visa from your host country's consulate. Visa procedures are different for each country, and processing times can take as little as one day or as long as three months. Note that most consulates keep your passport while processing your visa, so you will not be able to travel outside of the U.S. during that time. International students should keep in mind that visa procedures may differ from those of their U.S.-citizen counterparts. Once you have decided on a destination, look at the country's consular website and familiarize yourself with student visa requirements.

 

What are the overseas living arrangements?
Living arrangements vary between programs. Housing options include dormitories (either with dining halls or cooking facilities), homestays, and apartments (with other Americans, native citizens, or other foreign students).

 

Costs & Financial Aid
Is studying abroad financially possible?
Yes! Many students fear that studying abroad will be too expensive. But there are programs for a wide range of budgets. The key is to be flexible about where you study abroad. If you would like to find out estimated program costs, please see the Programs pages on this website.

 

Can I use my financial aid to go overseas?
Yes. Concordia University Irvine financial aid including loans, grants, and scholarships (excluding athletic or program scholarships) are applicable to Concordia University Irvine-sponsored overseas studies programs and exchanges. Financial aid packages are reevaluated in consideration of the