ize yourself with student visa requirements.

 

What are the overseas living arrangements?
Living arrangements vary between programs. Housing options include dormitories (either with dining halls or cooking facilities), homestays, and apartments (with other Americans, native citizens, or other foreign students).

 

Costs & Financial Aid
Is studying abroad financially possible?
Yes! Many students fear that studying abroad will be too expensive. But there are programs for a wide range of budgets. The key is to be flexible about where you study abroad. If you would like to find out estimated program costs, please see the Programs pages on this website.

 

Can I use my financial aid to go overseas?
Yes. Concordia University Irvine financial aid including loans, grants, and scholarships (excluding athletic or program scholarships) are applicable to Concordia University Irvine-sponsored overseas studies programs and exchanges. Financial aid packages are reevaluated in consideration of the cost of a specific program, and aid packages are adjusted according to the modified cost of attendance.

 

In cases where the semester overseas is projected to be less expensive than an on-campus semester, the estimated family contribution (EFC) will be maintained and the aid package will be reduced. If a program is projected to be more than an on-campus semester, the student and family may be eligible for additional loans in the amount of the price differential.

Are there any scholarships available? What about working abroad?
Scholarships are available for certain overseas programs. Detailed financial aid and scholarship information is available on the Study Abroad Office general information section on the web page under Costs. Generally, there are many more scholarships available for study abroad in non-Western or developing countries. Scholarships for study in Europe and Australia are quite limited. Students can work part-time in the U.K. and Australia only.

 

Contacts
May I talk to an alumnus of the program?
The Study Abroad Office will have a list of students who have studied previously in Concordia University Irvine programs who can be contacted.
Next Steps
Schedule an appointment to learn about our study abroad programs and discuss your interest, options and questions with the Moon International Center Assistant Director.

Dana Peterson, Assistant Director, Moon International Center

dana.peterson@cui.edu | 949-214-3469

MAKE AN APPOINTMENT

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

