https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/programs-abroad/study-abroad/faq
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Partner Programs Abroad

Resources
General Information
Program Locations
Related Links
Frequently Asked Questions
STUDY ABROAD
FAQs
Why should I study overseas?
There are numerous benefits to studying abroad, both academic and personal. On an academic level, you will become a more well-rounded student by taking courses not offered on campus or those similar to on-campus courses with a different academic context. You can also develop new intellectual pursuits, improve both your foreign language and English communication skills, or begin a new language. You will become more self-reliant and resourceful, make new friends, learn about your heritage or gain new perspectives on your identity, and delve into local arts, culture, cuisine, and sports. You will also make your resume more attractive to future employers because you will improve your interpersonal skills, and you can even gain international internship or volunteer experience.

 

When should I go?
Most programs require students to have at least sophomore standing upon commencement of the program; some programs require junior status. Transfer students may study overseas upon completion of two semesters at Concordia University Irvine. Most programs are open for both semester and year-long study, but some are only available in the spring or require attendance for a full year. Think about your degree plan and speak to your advisor when deciding what would be the best time for you.

 

Can I go abroad for more than one semester? Is there a maximum?
Yes! Many students choose this option. Some go to the same program for a full year to really immerse themselves deeply in their host country's culture. Others go to two different locations to have two different experiences. While we encourage students to decide whether they want to go for a semester or year when they apply, most programs allow you to apply for a semester and then extend if you want to stay. You may study abroad for a maximum of two semesters on programs through our office.

 

Am I required to go to a location where I can get major/minor credit?
No. While there are some programs that are only open to certain majors and some that require you to take courses for major credit, you can go abroad for elective credit if you choose.

 

How early can I start applying?
Applications are due the semester prior to studying and are available at the Study Abroad Office at the beginning of the semester in which they are due. For some programs, applications are accepted on a rolling basis and may be submitted prior to the deadline. In the case of all other programs, applications will not be processed until after the deadline and early submission will not affect the chances of admission.

 

Can I apply to more than one program?
Yes, but only if one of the programs is competitive. If you can't decide between several programs, the Study Abroad Office is happy to meet with you to help you narrow down your choice.

 

What is the "Two-Step Application Process"?
Approval for participation in one of Concordia University Irvine’s study abroad programs or exchange programs is a two-step process. Most programs require both a Concordia University Irvine application and a secondary program-specific application. All applicants are reviewed by the Study Abroad Office and, if approved, their application is sent to the respective study abroad program. The criteria for selection differ from program to program. Being accepted by the Study Abroad Office does not guarantee acceptance to a program and the competitiveness of some programs may vary depending on the number of applicants from colleges outside of Concordia University Irvine.

 

Where can I get passport photos taken for my application?
Passport photos can be obtained at any of the following locations:
Walgreen's
Kinko's
CVS
U.S. Post Office
Is the study abroad application process competitive?
Some programs are more competitive than others, due to higher GPA requirements or enrollment limits. While it is rare that students are not able to participate in the program of their choice, we do advise students applying to competitive programs to choose a backup as well.

 

Eligibility
Is there a minimum required GPA?
No, a student needs to be in good academic standing and not on probation to study abroad through the Study Abroad Office. Some programs have a higher GPA requirement due to their academic rigor.

 

Can only certain majors study abroad?

No. All programs are open to all students regardless of major, with the following exceptions:

ESELSCA – Dual Degree Program – you are able to study in Paris for a semester without getting the dual degree
Do I have to speak a foreign language?
No. The Study Abroad Office administers some programs with no language requirement whatsoever. In addition, many oth