advance.
Budgeting
If your student does not have much experience making and sticking to a budget, the pre-departure period is a good time to discuss wise consumer behavior and set some guidelines as to how much extra spending money will be available.
Offer Support

Let your child take responsibility before and during the semester or year abroad, but make sure he/she knows you are also there if he/she needs someone to talk to or needs any kind of support. Discuss any travel plans independent of the program so you have a clear idea of the duration and cost of your child's experience.

While Your Student Is Abroad
Don't Get Too Involved
Adjustment

Adjusting to a new environment isn't easy for anyone. Your son or daughter may likely share with you tales of frustration and homesickness, and you will be tempted to solve his/her problem, even if it means flying to another country. Give your child support and understanding during his/her time of difficulty but avoid getting too involved. Encourage your student to first make use of the student support services that are available at the program site. Programs will have either a resident director or an international students' office. Part of the study abroad experience is learning how to overcome difficulties and moving past them. Your child will be much happier and more confident knowing he/she was able to overcome difficulties independently.

Communication

Be prepared to have less frequent communication with your child, and remember that every moment he or she is connected to you (or friends in the U.S.) via e-mail, text message, phone, etc. is time that he or she is not making and interacting with new friends in the host country. Less frequent communication does not mean less quality communication.

Visiting

Remember that study abroad students are not on vacation. Attending class with your child, or taking him/her out of class to sightsee, will interrupt the educational process and immersion experience. If you want to visit, it's best to do so when the program has finished or during a semester break so you can travel together. Remember to be sensitive to local customs and cultural norms in the host country and the home-stay or dorm.

When Your Child Returns
Be Prepared For Transformation: After living abroad for an extended period of time it is hard not to feel changed by the experience. This can take on many forms, from new ways of dressing to cravings for different kinds of foods to a newfound sense of independence, and even the desire to return abroad. It is important to be supportive of your child and be open to his/her transformation.
Don't Take It Personally: Some students may experience some degree of reverse culture shock and need some time to fully readjust to living at home again. He/She may even experience a period of depression and longing to return abroad. Don't take this personally, it is a natural part of the experience, and once again your support and understanding during this time will be very helpful. Most study abroad participants report years later that the time they spent overseas was the best part of their college years - and that it changed them for life.
Student Privacy Policies and Study Abroad

Federal Education Rights of Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA) rules that apply on campus also apply when your child is abroad since he/she will be an enrolled Concordia University Irvine student. There is a broad range of student information that the university cannot share with parents. If you contact the university about certain matters, we may be unable to respond to you directly.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

