https://www.cui.edu/AcademicPrograms/Undergraduate/Majors/Business/Management
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Business Administration Major
Emphases 
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION MAJOR
Management Emphasis
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
What Do You Like About Your Major?
Broaden Your Career Opportunities with Management Skills

Can you imagine any construction project, government process, or organizational group that is not organized along the lines of management? About 20% of all paid positions are in management. Within any industry, managers are usually the highest paid. Knowing how to manage is a powerful attribute.

If you want to evaluate the type of manager you are currently, learn new skills that will make you better, and add value to a company, then the management emphasis is your road to success.

The Business Administration: Management degree builds on the broad core of business activities, including accounting, finance, and strategy, but with a special emphasis on developing skills in all areas of business. These courses will prepare you for a wide variety of career opportunities, including:

APPLY NOW

Recruiting
Consulting
Employment law
Line supervision
Corporate sales
Loss control
Customer service
Brokerage/sales
Commercial banking
Branch manager
Team leader
Consulting officer
What Students Are Saying
Concordia's School of Business and Economics has made a difference in my life, and I owe many thanks to the staff and faculty that have supported me throughout these last four years. The textbook knowledge supported by the real world experiences from the professors has added much value for my future business career. I know that the financial and time investment into my education was definitely worth it, and I will carry this experience with me as I transition into my career. Additionally, I have lifelong mentors and coaches in my Concordia professors that I will be reliant upon as my career advances. Thank you, Concordia School of Business and Economics.

Nathan Schult

B.A. Business Administration, Accounting
B.A. Business Administration, Finance

 
 

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
IACBE Accreditation

As you research Business Schools, you may notice that some business programs are accredited by organizations with long acronyms such as AACSB, IACBE, and ACBSP. What is accreditation and why does it matter? Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. The Concordia School of Business and Economics chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with IACBE to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

LEARN MORE
Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s School of Business are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Next Gen Golf Apparel

Ryan Ellis '03
President of Travis Mathew

Ryan Ellis ’03 helped the Eagles win their first men’s basketball national championship. Today, he is president of Travis Mathew, the hottest men's apparel brand for work and play.

READ STORY
Where Our Alumni Are Working

The value of an education is demonstrated by the success our graduates enjoy upon completion of their degree. Concordia University Irvine grads are respected in the many industries in which they find skillful work. Here are just a few of the places our alumni have recently been employed.

Adidas
Albertsons Companies, Inc.
KPMG
Los Angeles Clippers
Marriott
Misty May Treanor Sports Complex
Northwestern Mutual
Walt Disney Co.
Opportunities For Business Majors

Today's employers are looking for applicants that work well with a team, are good at decision-making and have excellent communication skills. Our Career Services Office, Business Department, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice these skills outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Business Administration major, you can combine your business emphasis with an additional business emphasis (dual emphasis), a related business minor, another major (dual major), or a pre-professional program. Opportunities also exist where you can earn a dual degree by studying in Paris for a year or transition directly into our MBA program.

Accounting Minor
Business Minor
Business Data Analytics Minor
Economics Minor
Marketing Minor
Sports Business Minor
Economics Major
Actuarial Science Program
Pre-Business Program
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
School of Business and Economics
Extracurricular Activities

The School of Business and Economics offers many opportunities for you 