tegration and application of theory learned throughout the healthcare management program. The course is a culminating demonstration that reflects student knowledge of both course curriculum and university program outcomes. The assessment instrument includes a comprehensive analytical paper and oral presentation. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: BUS 224 and [HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed)] and Senior standing.

INB 475: International Business Strategy
3

This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses. Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: Business Major with Senior Standing and FIN 331 and MGT 321 and MKT 341.

MKT 475: Marketing Strategy
3

This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses. Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: Marketing emphasis with senior standing and FIN 331 and MGT 321 and MKT 371 and MKT 442.

Internship
MGT 490A: Professional Development and Internship Emphasis
2

The CUI School of Business and Economics Internship facilitates a student's transition from academic theory to real-life business practices and builds professional networks. An internship related to a student's academic emphasis helps clarify goals, adds value to the CUI academic experience and opens doors to future employment. The course provides practice in the development of a personal brand as well as skills needed in the pursuit of an internship and eventual employment followed by an off-site internship. Students meet with their internship director before beginning the off-site internship for advice and placement approval. Periodic student reports and written feedback from the sponsoring business are required and must demonstrate the skill acquired during the internship. Students must take a minimum cumulative total of two (2) units earned in one (1) unit credit hours. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisites: Business Major with Junior or Senior standing and MGT 321 and BUS 224.

MANAGEMENT EMPHASIS
21 Units
MGT 323: Global Enterprise
3

Through an overview of world trade and investment patterns, international sourcing, marketing, and management for global businesses, this course will emphasize international trade theory, the world financial environment, and the role of multinational corporations including international sourcing, marketing, and management for global business. Prerequisite: MGT 321.

OR

MGT 324: Global Enterprise Experience
3

This course will look at the application and experience of world trade, investment patterns, international sourcing, marketing, and management for global business. A group travel component, at an additional cost to the student, is an integral part of this course providing out-of-the classroom experiential learning opportunities supplemented by face-to-face and online readings and assignments with areas of special emphasis and locales being rotated. Prerequisite: MGT 321.

MGT 326: New Ventures and Entrepreneurship
3

This course will explore the methods of business ownership including startup, franchise, and firm acquisition with a practical emphasis on screening initial business ideas, accessing information sources, defining customer benefits, developing strategic posture, analyzing markets and competitors, and creating a comprehensive business plan including the theoretical development of a new venture establishment enhanced by guest lecturers experienced in startup ventures. Prerequisite: MGT 321.

MGT 327: Organizational Behavior
3

This purpose of this course is to develop a broad intellectual foundation of organizational behavior and leadership by studying the major theories of and approaches to organizational behavior and leadership such as trait, skills, behavioral, situational, transformational, authentic, servant, contingency, ethical, and the psychodynamic approach. The focus will be on surveying the landscape of organizational behavior and leadership thinking and the delineation of successful leadership attitudes, behaviors, and communication styles that may be adopted or developed to achieve success. Participants will be asked to apply the concepts to their own experience, perspective, and values to more deeply understand their unique role as a leader. Case studies, skill development, and self-evaluative tools will be used throughout this course to 