t of humankind’s interaction and use of the environment, the effect on climate, and assessment of long term sustainability. Using environmental and economics concepts and methods, the course will cover topics such as means to value natural resources, methods for appropriately mitigating externalities (such as pollution), and assessing development activities. The course will also evaluate the availability and use of natural resources, depletable and renewable, such as energy, water, land, and forests. Finally, the course will assess relevant topics surrounding climate change, including its measurement, causes, effects (magnitude and geographic distribution), and potential responses. Throughout the course students will learn the relevant government agencies and legal processes surrounding the environment, climate, and sustainability. Recommended Prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

FIN 333: Investments
3

Building upon FIN 331, this course will help students learn more about the strategic deployment of equities, debt and derivative instruments, diversification with appropriate levels of risk, time horizon, collateralization, and active investment portfolio management. Prerequisite: FIN 331.

FIN 335: Real Estate Finance
3

In this course students will learn methods for analysis, acquisition, development, operation, financing, selling, and other investment strategies applied to residential, commercial, and institutional properties. Prerequisite: ACT 211.

MGT 351: Diversity in Organizations
3

This course will examine the impact of diversity, culture, and ethnic origin on the work experience while preparing individuals to meet the challenge of cultural diversity in organizations with an emphasis on how race, religion, age, gender, sexual orientation, physical and mental ability, work and family, weight and appearance, international diversity, theories, legislation, and organizational philosophy interact to create a set of rules for acceptable behaviors in complex organizations. Prerequisite: BUS 201.

MKT 445: International Marketing
3

A broad survey course of international marketing principals and trade theory. The course supports a practical approach to global marketing with a focus on competition, market analysis and entry strategies, trade finance, cultural dynamics, and the challenges of the global marketplace. Student teams will prepare market-entry plans for a specific country. Prerequisite: MKT 341.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the School of Business and Economics are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with best business practices, real-world experience, as well as a Christian moral, ethical, and value perspective of leadership.

Mark Francis
Director of Sport Business Program & Assistant Professor

Professor Mark Francis’s involvement in local, regional, national, and international sport management has led to his success with the professional sports community throughout Southern California and has helped him secure professional internships for students that have included the LA Angels, LA Dodgers, San Diego Padres, Steinberg Sports & Entertainment, Golden Boy Promotions, Sports 1 Marketing, LA Galaxy, Rose Bowl, and the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.

Read More »

Kim Chatani
Full-Time Faculty

Professor Kim Chatani is an Adjunct MBA professor and teaches Accounting and Finance undergraduate courses. He has had an impressive career, with experience including numerous senior level positions at notable organizations and audit and consulting clientele including many global and large enterprises. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), Certified Internal Services Auditor (CISA), and a Forensic Certified Public Accountant (FCPA). He is also a published author and expert on the topics of fraud and cyber-security.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

BUSINESS FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Resources

Learn more about Concordia's School of Business and Economics from the student handbook.

STUDENT HANDBOOK

Get In Touch

For more information about any of the many rewarding education programs at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

 

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our progr