https://www.cui.edu/AcademicPrograms/Undergraduate/Majors/Business/Management
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Business Administration Major
Emphases 
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION MAJOR
Management Emphasis
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
What Do You Like About Your Major?
Broaden Your Career Opportunities with Management Skills

Can you imagine any construction project, government process, or organizational group that is not organized along the lines of management? About 20% of all paid positions are in management. Within any industry, managers are usually the highest paid. Knowing how to manage is a powerful attribute.

If you want to evaluate the type of manager you are currently, learn new skills that will make you better, and add value to a company, then the management emphasis is your road to success.

The Business Administration: Management degree builds on the broad core of business activities, including accounting, finance, and strategy, but with a special emphasis on developing skills in all areas of business. These courses will prepare you for a wide variety of career opportunities, including:

APPLY NOW

Recruiting
Consulting
Employment law
Line supervision
Corporate sales
Loss control
Customer service
Brokerage/sales
Commercial banking
Branch manager
Team leader
Consulting officer
What Students Are Saying
Concordia's School of Business and Economics has made a difference in my life, and I owe many thanks to the staff and faculty that have supported me throughout these last four years. The textbook knowledge supported by the real world experiences from the professors has added much value for my future business career. I know that the financial and time investment into my education was definitely worth it, and I will carry this experience with me as I transition into my career. Additionally, I have lifelong mentors and coaches in my Concordia professors that I will be reliant upon as my career advances. Thank you, Concordia School of Business and Economics.

Nathan Schult

B.A. Business Administration, Accounting
B.A. Business Administration, Finance

 
 

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
IACBE Accreditation

As you research Business Schools, you may notice that some business programs are accredited by organizations with long acronyms such as AACSB, IACBE, and ACBSP. What is accreditation and why does it matter? Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. The Concordia School of Business and Economics chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with IACBE to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

LEARN MORE
Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s School of Business are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

Next Gen Golf Apparel

Ryan Ellis '03
President of Travis Mathew

Ryan Ellis ’03 helped the Eagles win their first men’s basketball national championship. Today, he is president of Travis Mathew, the hottest men's apparel brand for work and play.

READ STORY
Where Our Alumni Are Working

The value of an education is demonstrated by the success our graduates enjoy upon completion of their degree. Concordia University Irvine grads are respected in the many industries in which they find skillful work. Here are just a few of the places our alumni have recently been employed.

Adidas
Albertsons Companies, Inc.
KPMG
Los Angeles Clippers
Marriott
Misty May Treanor Sports Complex
Northwestern Mutual
Walt Disney Co.
Opportunities For Business Majors

Today's employers are looking for applicants that work well with a team, are good at decision-making and have excellent communication skills. Our Career Services Office, Business Department, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice these skills outside the classroom.

Academic Opportunities

As a Business Administration major, you can combine your business emphasis with an additional business emphasis (dual emphasis), a related business minor, another major (dual major), or a pre-professional program. Opportunities also exist where you can earn a dual degree by studying in Paris for a year or transition directly into our MBA program.

Accounting Minor
Business Minor
Business Data Analytics Minor
Economics Minor
Marketing Minor
Sports Business Minor
Economics Major
Actuarial Science Program
Pre-Business Program
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
School of Business and Economics
Extracurricular Activities

The School of Business and Economics offers many opportunities for you to become involved with on-campus events, clubs, and organizations. Our students also regularly participate (and excel) in national competitions with business students from other universities.

Business Insights Series
Center for Global Business
Center for Civics Education
Delta Sigma Pi Business Fraternity
Enactus
Institute for Strategic Marketing
LCEF National Student Marketing Competition
International Business Club
Sports Management Club
Internships

Every student pursuing a bachelor degree in business is required to complete an internship before graduation. Concordia enjoys good working relationships with a large number of businesses in Southern California. Below are just a few examples of where our students have interned.

Automobile Club of Southern California
Bank of America
Disneyland Resort
Make-A-Wish Foundation
Merrill Lynch
New York Life Insurance Company
Northwestern Mutual
Oakley, Inc.
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Quiksilver
TOMS Shoes
Western Digital Corporation
Curriculum

This flowchart shows the required business emphasis courses you will need to take to earn your Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration: Management emphasis. If you have any questions, please contact your Academic Advisor.

BUSINESS CORE
54 Units
ACT 211: Financial Accounting
3

Basic elements of accounting and methods of gathering and reporting financial data will be examined in this course, including a study of financial statements, journalizing financial transactions, merchandising activities, investments in property, plant and equipment; and depreciation as it applies to corporations. Prerequisite: BUS 201.

ACT 212: Managerial Accounting
3

This decision-making course will be based on accounting concepts and will include equity financing, introduction to management accounting, cost terms and concepts, cost accumulation systems, product costing systems, and analyzing cost behavior patterns, including cost-volume-profit relationships. Prerequisite: ACT 211.

BUS 224: Business Writing and Presentations
1

This course will be a study and practice of effective strategies for clear business communication in both written and oral forms, as well as the technology to access and share information.


BUS 251: Legal Environment of Business
3

This course prepares students to think factually and analytically at the areas of law that affect agreements and commerce between individuals and entities in the areas of, but not limited to, contracts, torts, entity formation, agency, real property, estate and trusts and investor protection.


BUS 261: Business Analysis Tools and Business Statistics
3

This course will focus on business analysis and problem solving strategies through the application of Microsoft Excel and deployment of business statistics analytics.


BUS 483: Business Ethics
3

The purpose of this course is to develop a foundation for business ethical decision making and ethical evaluation. The focus includes global and domestic economic, social and legal environmental issues. Ideals, laws and values are evaluated with application of Business Ethics theory and philosophy. Case studies and classical literature underscore learning modalities embracing ethical decision making and analysis. A culmination of previous work is applied. Prerequisites: Business or Economics major with Senior standing.


ECO 201: Macroeconomics
3

This is a survey course of the scope and methods of the study of the principles of macroeconomics. Topics will include decision-making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the determination of prices, the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems, international trade and foreign exchange, financial markets, the role and objectives of government in economic policy.


OR

ECO 202: Microeconomics
3

This is a course covering principles of microeconomics. Topics will include decision‐making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the determination of prices, international trade, elements of industrial organization and varying degrees of competition, and the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems.

FIN 331: Finance
3

This is an introductory course to the principles and practices of managerial finance, sources and methods of raising capital, cash flow analysis, financial statement analysis, financial markets, and stockholder equity concerns. Additional concepts will include decision making with risk and use of operation and financial leverage. Prerequisites: General education math requirements and ACT 211.

MGT 321: Management
3

This introductory course will look at the areas of planning, organizing, staffing, and controlling with an emphasis on responsibility and authority, delegation and decentralization, line-staff relationship organization charting, communication, and reaction to change Interpersonal skills, motivation, leadership, and organizational resource management will also be studied. Prerequisites: BUS 201 and BUS 224. Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

MKT 341: Marketing
3

This is a survey course of marketing principles and theory. The course supports a practical applied approach to the marketing mix, consumer and industrial markets, market research, plus the challenges of the competitive marketplace. The course also includes an introduction to the issues of globalization. Prerequisite: BUS 201. Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

STRATEGY OPTIONS
Units
Choose 1 of the following courses based on emphasis selected:
BDA 475: Business Data Analytics Thesis
3

This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses. Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: Business Major with Senior Standing and FIN 331 and MGT 321 and MKT 341.

BUS 475: Business Strategy
3

This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses. Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: Business Major with Senior Standing and FIN 331 and MGT 321 and MKT 341.

ECO 485: Economic Major Thesis
3

This capstone course will integrate and apply key economic theory and models through the student's original choice of research; evaluation of the thesis will be by committee. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisite: Senior status Economics major and ECO 221 and ECO 321.

HCM 475: Senior Seminar in Healthcare
3

This course is designed to provide integration and application of theory learned throughout the healthcare management program. The course is a culminating demonstration that reflects student knowledge of both course curriculum and university program outcomes. The assessment instrument includes a comprehensive analytical paper and oral presentation. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: BUS 224 and [HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed)] and Senior standing.

INB 475: International Business Strategy
3

This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses. Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: Business Major with Senior Standing and FIN 331 and MGT 321 and MKT 341.

MKT 475: Marketing Strategy
3

This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses. Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam Fee required. Prerequisites: Marketing emphasis with senior standing and FIN 331 and MGT 321 and MKT 371 and MKT 442.

Internship
MGT 490A: Professional Development and Internship Emphasis
2

The CUI School of Business and Economics Internship facilitates a student's transition from academic theory to real-life business practices and builds professional networks. An internship related to a student's academic emphasis helps clarify goals, adds value to the CUI academic experience and opens doors to future employment. The course provides practice in the development of a personal brand as well as skills needed in the pursuit of an internship and eventual employment followed by an off-site internship. Students meet with their internship director before beginning the off-site internship for advice and placement approval. Periodic student reports and written feedback from the sponsoring business are required and must demonstrate the skill acquired during the internship. Students must take a minimum cumulative total of two (2) units earned in one (1) unit credit hours. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisites: Business Major with Junior or Senior standing and MGT 321 and BUS 224.

MANAGEMENT EMPHASIS
21 Units
MGT 323: Global Enterprise
3

Through an overview of world trade and investment patterns, international sourcing, marketing, and management for global businesses, this course will emphasize international trade theory, the world financial environment, and the role of multinational corporations including international sourcing, marketing, and management for global business. Prerequisite: MGT 321.

OR

MGT 324: Global Enterprise Experience
3

This course will look at the application and experience of world trade, investment patterns, international sourcing, marketing, and management for global business. A group travel component, at an additional cost to the student, is an integral part of this course providing out-of-the classroom experiential learning opportunities supplemented by face-to-face and online readings and assignments with areas of special emphasis and locales being rotated. Prerequisite: MGT 321.

MGT 326: New Ventures and Entrepreneurship
3

This course will explore the methods of business ownership including startup, franchise, and firm acquisition with a practical emphasis on screening initial business ideas, accessing information sources, defining customer benefits, developing strategic posture, analyzing markets and competitors, and creating a comprehensive business plan including the theoretical development of a new venture establishment enhanced by guest lecturers experienced in startup ventures. Prerequisite: MGT 321.

MGT 327: Organizational Behavior
3

This purpose of this course is to develop a broad intellectual foundation of organizational behavior and leadership by studying the major theories of and approaches to organizational behavior and leadership such as trait, skills, behavioral, situational, transformational, authentic, servant, contingency, ethical, and the psychodynamic approach. The focus will be on surveying the landscape of organizational behavior and leadership thinking and the delineation of successful leadership attitudes, behaviors, and communication styles that may be adopted or developed to achieve success. Participants will be asked to apply the concepts to their own experience, perspective, and values to more deeply understand their unique role as a leader. Case studies, skill development, and self-evaluative tools will be used throughout this course to bring deeper understanding to the concepts presented. Prerequisite: MGT 321.

MGT 343: Operations
3

This course will use applied quantitative methods to optimize cash flow; reduce material and inventory costs; create efficiencies; enhance quality and mitigate risks in the manufacture, distribution, servicing, and retirement of both tangible goods and intangible services. Prerequisite: MGT 321.

MGT 424: Human Resource Management
3

As a study on how organizations obtain, maintain, and retain their human resources, this course will examine current organizational theory, research, and practice regarding variables that influence human behavior in organizations. Prerequisite: MGT 321.

MGT 490A: Professional Development and Internship Emphasis
2

The CUI School of Business and Economics Internship facilitates a student's transition from academic theory to real-life business practices and builds professional networks. An internship related to a student's academic emphasis helps clarify goals, adds value to the CUI academic experience and opens doors to future employment. The course provides practice in the development of a personal brand as well as skills needed in the pursuit of an internship and eventual employment followed by an off-site internship. Students meet with their internship director before beginning the off-site internship for advice and placement approval. Periodic student reports and written feedback from the sponsoring business are required and must demonstrate the skill acquired during the internship. Students must take a minimum cumulative total of two (2) units earned in one (1) unit credit hours. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisites: Business Major with Junior or Senior standing and MGT 321 and BUS 224.

Choose two of the following:
ECO 201: Macroeconomics
3

This course will survey the scope and methods of the study of economics; the principles underlying the production, exchange, distribution and consumption of wealth along with various economic problems. The systematic investigation of the market structure of American capitalism, encompassing the production and distribution of income, welfare economics and current domestic problems.

OR

ECO 202: Microeconomics
3

This is a course covering principles of microeconomics. Topics will include decision‐making by households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the determination of prices, international trade, elements of industrial organization and varying degrees of competition, and the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems.

ECO 321: Econometrics
3

This course is the study of Econometrics, providing techniques for the quantitative measurement and analysis of actual economic and business phenomena. Prerequisites: fulfillment of the general education math requirement, ECO 201 and ECO 202 and (MTH 252 or MTH 271).

ECO 429: Environment, Climate and Sustainability
3

This course is an overview of topics surrounding the assessment of humankind’s interaction and use of the environment, the effect on climate, and assessment of long term sustainability. Using environmental and economics concepts and methods, the course will cover topics such as means to value natural resources, methods for appropriately mitigating externalities (such as pollution), and assessing development activities. The course will also evaluate the availability and use of natural resources, depletable and renewable, such as energy, water, land, and forests. Finally, the course will assess relevant topics surrounding climate change, including its measurement, causes, effects (magnitude and geographic distribution), and potential responses. Throughout the course students will learn the relevant government agencies and legal processes surrounding the environment, climate, and sustainability. Recommended Prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

FIN 333: Investments
3

Building upon FIN 331, this course will help students learn more about the strategic deployment of equities, debt and derivative instruments, diversification with appropriate levels of risk, time horizon, collateralization, and active investment portfolio management. Prerequisite: FIN 331.

FIN 335: Real Estate Finance
3

In this course students will learn methods for analysis, acquisition, development, operation, financing, selling, and other investment strategies applied to residential, commercial, and institutional properties. Prerequisite: ACT 211.

MGT 351: Diversity in Organizations
3

This course will examine the impact of diversity, culture, and ethnic origin on the work experience while preparing individuals to meet the challenge of cultural diversity in organizations with an emphasis on how race, religion, age, gender, sexual orientation, physical and mental ability, work and family, weight and appearance, international diversity, theories, legislation, and organizational philosophy interact to create a set of rules for acceptable behaviors in complex organizations. Prerequisite: BUS 201.

MKT 445: International Marketing
3

A broad survey course of international marketing principals and trade theory. The course supports a practical approach to global marketing with a focus on competition, market analysis and entry strategies, trade finance, cultural dynamics, and the challenges of the global marketplace. Student teams will prepare market-entry plans for a specific country. Prerequisite: MKT 341.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the School of Business and Economics are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with best business practices, real-world experience, as well as a Christian moral, ethical, and value perspective of leadership.

Mark Francis
Director of Sport Business Program & Assistant Professor

Professor Mark Francis’s involvement in local, regional, national, and international sport management has led to his success with the professional sports community throughout Southern California and has helped him secure professional internships for students that have included the LA Angels, LA Dodgers, San Diego Padres, Steinberg Sports & Entertainment, Golden Boy Promotions, Sports 1 Marketing, LA Galaxy, Rose Bowl, and the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.

Read More »

Kim Chatani
Full-Time Faculty

Professor Kim Chatani is an Adjunct MBA professor and teaches Accounting and Finance undergraduate courses. He has had an impressive career, with experience including numerous senior level positions at notable organizations and audit and consulting clientele including many global and large enterprises. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), Certified Internal Services Auditor (CISA), and a Forensic Certified Public Accountant (FCPA). He is also a published author and expert on the topics of fraud and cyber-security.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

BUSINESS FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Resources

Learn more about Concordia's School of Business and Economics from the student handbook.

STUDENT HANDBOOK

Get In Touch

For more information about any of the many rewarding education programs at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

 

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

