https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/christcollege/faithworks-center
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
FaithWorks Center
CHRIST COLLEGE
Mission Statement

Equipping pastors and business leaders to help people find greater meaning and act ethically in their work through a Biblically informed understanding of the economic, moral, and spiritual significance of work for human flourishing.

The FaithWorks Center at Concordia University Irvine (CUI) expands the Faith, Work, and Economics activities already being conducted by Christ College in partnership with Concordia’s other schools. The center helps pastors and professionals understand the economic, moral, and spiritual significance of work by showing how it contributes to the flourishing of other people and society as a whole. As a result, professionals will find greater meaning in their work, cultivate good character to act ethically, and help other people do the same. The center will pursue these objectives using four strategies.

First, it is developing an ongoing series of interactive seminars on topics related to vocation (work as service to neighbor), the economic ripple effect of work, the moral context of economic activity, etc. The seminars will be developed and presented jointly by faculty from the School of Business and Economics and Christ College. They will be aimed at pastors and working professionals in the greater Los Angeles area. The first seminars will be offered in Fall 2019.

Second, the center will integrate the seminars into the Christians and ethics course (Thl 565) required for students in the Center for Church Leadership.

Third, the center plans is producing a book on Faith, Work and Economics for use in the Center for Church Leadership’s Christians and Ethics course; the book will be suitable for use in seminaries and in master’s level professional programs at Christian universities. The book will include contributions by theologians, philosophers, business/economics professors, and working professionals.

Fourth, the center will advocate for a required Vocation and Ethics component in every graduate-level professional program at CUI. Ideally, this will consist of a class like those already required in the nursing and the healthcare administration programs.

I'm excited to have additional funds and support from administrators for this venture of weaving faith, work and economics into our graduate professional master’s degrees. It’s something you don’t see in a lot of universities.

Prof. David Loy, Director, FaithWorks Center

Read More »

Contact Us

Professor David W. Loy served as a parish pastor in Southwest Missouri for eight years before coming to Concordia in 2011. He has an undergraduate degree in philosophy from Valparaiso University as well as an M.Div. from Concordia Seminary and a Ph.D. in philosophy from St. Louis University. He teaches philosophy, theology, and ethics at the graduate and undergraduate levels. Read more about David Loy being named leader of the FaithWorks Center »

If you would like to support our work or have any other questions, please contact:

Professor David Loy
Director, FaithWorks Center
949-214-3396
david.loy@cui.edu

Made possible by a generous grant from:
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

