https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/business/cornelius-business-plan-competition
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Concordia Business Plan Competition

Contact
Sponsors
Undergraduate Division
High School Division
Previous Years
Related Links
 
 
 
Concordia Business Plan Competition

REGISTER NOW

 

On April 6th, 2024, Concordia University Irvine will host the 9th Annual Concordia Business Plan Competition (CBPC). It will facilitate two divisions: an undergraduate division composed of Concordia undergraduate students and a high school division comprised of high school teams from the Orange County area.

The Competition will consist of two parts: The written business plan and the oral presentation. The written business plan document is based on professional business plans that any startup would require and follows a provided outline. Next, the oral presentation is an 8-12 minute oral presentation of this idea to our judges in a Shark-Tank style setting.

Workshops will be included throughout the semester before the competition to help students develop their plan, and mentors will be available as well to help guide students throughout the process. We are excited to hold our competition this year!

Thank You to Our Sponsors!
Experience
From this experience you will gain:
Mentorship from local business professionals
Knowledge of how to develop a business plan
College experience in the business field
A chance to win up to $2,500!
Fast Pitch Information
Day 1 (Fast Pitch)

There will be two days for the competition. Day 1 is the Fast Pitch  Competition, and Day 2 is the main competition with the oral presentation  held in a Shark-Tank setting.

The Fast Pitch Competition is a quick 90-second elevator pitch of the competitors’ business plan. Competitors will pitch their ideas in front of business professionals, and first-place winners of both the Undergraduate and High School Divisions will win a small Prize.

Undergraduate - $500
High School -$250

Prizes
Undergraduate
First Place up to $2,500
Second Place up to $1,500
Third Place up to $750
High School
First Place up to $1,500
Second Place up to $1,000
Third Place up to $500
Concordia
Business Plan Competition
Key Dates
January 24	Ideation Workshop
February 7	Marketing Workshop
February 21	Finance Workshop
March 6	Presentation Workshop
March 10	Plans Due
March 20	Bringing it all together
Workshop
March 25	Presentation Due
April 5	Mixer/Fast
Pitch Competition
April 6	Competition Day
Become a Mentor

The role for a mentor in the Concordia Business Plan Competition is to help and encourage participating teams in their endeavors to win the competition. This is a great opportunity to give back and get connected with hard working and aspiring students!

BECOME A MENTOR

Testimonials
Its so good for networking. The amount of business cards and different people that I got to connect with that have successful backgrounds is incredible. People are so willing to give their feedback of areas that we can improve or what they even see as possibilities. People seemed interested in investing in something that I believe in.

Jason St. Pierre,
1st Place Undergraduate

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
2022 Highlights
Competition Day
Fast Pitch Competition
Questions?
We would love to hear from you!

CONTACT US

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

