https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/business/marketing
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Business Administration Major
Emphases 
Minors 
Faculty
Get Started
BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION MAJOR
Marketing Emphasis
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
What Do You Like About Your Major?
Prepare for Success in Marketing

Marketing is critically important in business today. Customers are the lifeblood of any organization. Companies must understand the marketplace and buyer needs and wants if they want to grow and compete effectively. Marketers constantly monitor customers and competitors to find a better way to design and deploy the firm’s core competencies to serve customers at a profit.

The marketing emphasis will expose you to creative classes, marketing basics, advanced programs, business management, customer relations, sales, and communications. You may even specialize in areas such as international marketing, e-commerce, or research.

The demand for marketing professionals continues to grow as today’s organizations place greater emphasis on effective marketing as a means of achieving their goals. With a degree in Business Administration: Marketing, you will be prepared for many different types of career paths, including:

APPLY NOW

Advertising
Brand/product management
Industrial marketing
International marketing
Logistics and distribution
Market research
Product development
Public relations
Retailing and sales management
What Students Are Saying
Concordia's School of Business and Economics has made a difference in my life, and I owe many thanks to the staff and faculty that have supported me throughout these last four years. The textbook knowledge supported by the real world experiences from the professors has added much value for my future business career. I know that the financial and time investment into my education was definitely worth it, and I will carry this experience with me as I transition into my career. Additionally, I have lifelong mentors and coaches in my Concordia professors that I will be reliant upon as my career advances. Thank you, Concordia School of Business and Economics.

Nathan Schult

B.A. Business Administration, Accounting
B.A. Business Administration, Finance

 
 

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
IACBE Accreditation

As you research Business Schools, you may notice that some business programs are accredited by organizations with long acronyms such as AACSB, IACBE, and ACBSP. What is accreditation and why does it matter? Business schools seek out accreditation to obtain quality assurance as an institution of higher learning, as well as to ensure an environment of continuous improvement. The Concordia School of Business and Economics chose to voluntarily complete a rigorous process with IACBE to evaluate the effectiveness of our business programs. You can be assured at Concordia University Irvine our goal is your academic and occupational success.

LEARN MORE
Alumni Success

Graduates from Concordia University Irvine’s School of Business are putting their degrees to work and excelling in various professional callings and postgraduate studies.

A Passion to Excel

G.M. (Gian-Marco), ’11
Digital Marketing Strategist

Concordia University Irvine alumnus G.M. works for the Anaheim Ducks, a National Hockey League (NHL) team, and today runs the club’s digital marketing strategy and campaigns, plus the esports division (the Ducks’ presence in video games). His main role is to lead a digital marketing team that creates messages for email, social media and online ads, targeting audiences potentially interested in attending games.

READ STORY
Black Boys

Jon-Thomas (J.T.) Royston, '15
Film Producer, Black Boys

Concordia University Irvine alumnus Jon-Thomas (J.T.) Royston ’15 is helping give voice to the world’s conversation on racial injustice through film, acting as a producer in the 2020 film Black Boys. The project is a tribute to young black men and boys in America that honors his upbringing.

READ STORY
Where Our Alumni Are Working

The value of an education is demonstrated by the success our graduates enjoy upon completion of their degree. Concordia University Irvine grads are respected in the many industries in which they find skillful work. Here are just a few of the places our alumni have recently been employed.

Adidas
Albertsons Companies, Inc.
KPMG
Los Angeles Clippers
Marriott
Misty May Treanor Sports Complex
Northwestern Mutual
Walt Disney Co.
Opportunities For Business Majors

Today's employers are looking for applicants that work well with a team, are good at decision-making and have excellent communication skills. Our Career Services Office, Business Department, and relationships within our surrounding community afford you the chance to practice these skills outside the cla