, and ethnic origin on the work experience while preparing individuals to meet the challenge of cultural diversity in organizations with an emphasis on how race, religion, age, gender, sexual orientation, physical and mental ability, work and family, weight and appearance, international diversity, theories, legislation, and organizational philosophy interact to create a set of rules for acceptable behaviors in complex organizations. Prerequisite: BUS 201.

MKT 344: The Advertising Agency
3

A managerial approach to promotional campaign development with an emphasis on advertising strategy as a component of the total market mix will be presented in this course. Students will apply research techniques to target audience identification, message development, creative executive, and media planning as they design a complete campaign for a specified client. Prerequisite: MKT 341 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

MKT 355: Services Marketing
3

A practical approach to understanding and implementing marketing strategies as applied to the business and service sectors. Applications in healthcare, financial and hospitality industries will be addressed. Prerequisite: MKT 341.

MKT 363: Computer Graphics
3

This course will use Adobe Photoshop or similar product to develop student skills in the creation and execution of computer graphics for advertising, illustration, or enhancement of business products.


MKT 365: Computer Graphics with Motion
3

This course will use Adobe Premier or similar product to develop student skills in the creation and execution of animated computer graphics for advertising, illustration, or enhancement of business products.


Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this major and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your major. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify for a degree.

Meet Your Professors

Professors in the School of Business and Economics are active participants in helping you reach your educational goals. Our courses are developed and delivered by faculty who integrate classroom techniques with best business practices, real-world experience, as well as a Christian moral, ethical, and value perspective of leadership.

Mark Francis
Director of Sport Business Program & Assistant Professor

Professor Mark Francis’s involvement in local, regional, national, and international sport management has led to his success with the professional sports community throughout Southern California and has helped him secure professional internships for students that have included the LA Angels, LA Dodgers, San Diego Padres, Steinberg Sports & Entertainment, Golden Boy Promotions, Sports 1 Marketing, LA Galaxy, Rose Bowl, and the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.

Read More »

Kim Chatani
Full-Time Faculty

Professor Kim Chatani is an Adjunct MBA professor and teaches Accounting and Finance undergraduate courses. He has had an impressive career, with experience including numerous senior level positions at notable organizations and audit and consulting clientele including many global and large enterprises. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), Certified Internal Services Auditor (CISA), and a Forensic Certified Public Accountant (FCPA). He is also a published author and expert on the topics of fraud and cyber-security.

More Faculty

One of our greatest assets at Concordia University Irvine is our dedicated faculty. In a small learning environment, our professors care about you—not just your performance—and they cultivate lifelong mentoring relationships with the students they teach.

BUSINESS FACULTYTALK TO A PROFESSOR

Resources

Learn more about Concordia's School of Business and Economics from the student handbook.

STUDENT HANDBOOK

Get In Touch

For more information about any of the many rewarding education programs at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact us directly.

 

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus 