https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/education/servant-leadership-institute/perfecting-the-practice
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Servant Leadership Institute

Academies
Leadership Symposia
Director
Leadership Bureau
Perfecting the Practice Blog
Contact 
Perfecting the Practice
An Exchange of Ideas and Innovations in Education
         
Striving for Digital Equity During a Pandemic
Featured Story

READ ARTICLE

Previous Article
Next Article
A Little Self-Compassion Can Go a Long Way

By Dr. Sandy Mercier
Posted on 8/17/2023 - 4 minute read

Yet there is more good news for educators who are struggling, and it entails realizing the power of self-compassion. According to Neff (2023), “self-compassion involves acting the same way towards yourself when you are having a difficult time, fail, or notice something you don’t like about yourself” (para. 2). Self-compassion demonstrates the notion that one is kind and gracious to themselves, even when faced with hard feelings and personal failings. It is the realization that we are not perfect as we honor and accept our humanness. Life is full of frustrations, losses, mistakes, and tragedy. This is the human condition. However, the more we open our hearts to this reality instead of fighting against it, the more we can truly feel compassion for ourselves and all fellow humans we encounter in this gift called life (Neff, 2023).

View Post »

Mighty Metacognition

By Dr. Gómez de Cervantes
Posted on 7/11/2023 - 6 minute read

For nearly four decades, research has documented the importance of metacognition in the learning process, however little attention has been devoted to providing a means for students and teachers to access tools that explicitly teach metacognitive skills. “Metacognition is an essential, but often neglected, component of a 21st-century education that teaches students how to learn” (Wilson & Conyers, 2016, p. 7). Coined by Flavell (1979), metacognition can be defined as “one’s knowledge concerning one’s own cognitive processes or anything related to them” (p. 232).  Put more simply, it involves thinking about thinking as one plans, monitors, and evaluates their learning (Baker, 2002; Schraw & Moshman, 1995).  As a lifelong learner and passionate educator, I believe metacognition is the greatest gift you can give your students; it allows them to take ownership of their learning journey.

View Post »

Supporting Ukrainian and Other Refugee Students

By Dr. MaryAnn Seng, Professor, School of Education
Posted on 2/13/2023 - 6 minute read

The devastating images of the Russian invasion of Ukraine may appear distant as one watches the tragic scenes of war and hears the number of deaths on the news.  The consequences of this war may not be felt by the average American in their daily lives.  However, international strife is quite often felt by American educators as the innocent, young victims of international conflict enter their schools as students.  While this article focuses on the Ukrainian refugees, it is not my intent to ignore refugees from other nations who are suffering from comparable hardships.  My hope is that the recommendations offered in this article will be used to support all K-12 refugee students.

View Post »

Mentoring Matters

By Heather Vezner, Dean of the School of Education
Posted on 2/7/2023 - 5 minute read

The student teaching experience has been noted as one of the most stressful experiences for a pre-service teacher (Izadina, 2017). They have invested significant time, money, and effort into their dream of becoming a teacher. Now in student teaching, their proficiency as a teacher is tested.

View Post »

Advice for First Generation Students from a First Generation Graduate

By Blanca Quiroz, Ed.D.
Posted on 2/1/2023 - 6 minute read

"Silence in the face of evil is itself evil: God will not hold us guiltless. Not to speak is to speak. Not to act is to act."
― Dietrich Bonhoeffer

View Post »

At-Risk Students: Success and Interventions

Posted on 1/30/2023 - 7 minute read

An at-risk student is a student who is at risk of not meeting academic or social expectations or of not graduating from high school. At-risk students may require extra support and resources to succeed in school and reach their full potential. Several factors can contribute to a student being at risk of not meeting academic or social expectations or not graduating from high school (Baum & McPherson, 2019; Watson & Gemin, 2008).

View Post »

All Eyes Are Watching

By Kent Schlichtemeier, Ed.D.
Posted on 1/20/2023 - 4 minute read

I will never forget the first day of my teaching career.  School began promptly at 8:00 a.m.  I began to position myself towards the front of the room after the first bell brought students to their seats at 7:55.  To this day, I clearly remember standing for the first time in front of my inaugural class of sixth grade students as a nervous neophyte teacher.  At the