r

View Post »

At-Risk Students: Success and Interventions

Posted on 1/30/2023 - 7 minute read

An at-risk student is a student who is at risk of not meeting academic or social expectations or of not graduating from high school. At-risk students may require extra support and resources to succeed in school and reach their full potential. Several factors can contribute to a student being at risk of not meeting academic or social expectations or not graduating from high school (Baum & McPherson, 2019; Watson & Gemin, 2008).

View Post »

All Eyes Are Watching

By Kent Schlichtemeier, Ed.D.
Posted on 1/20/2023 - 4 minute read

I will never forget the first day of my teaching career.  School began promptly at 8:00 a.m.  I began to position myself towards the front of the room after the first bell brought students to their seats at 7:55.  To this day, I clearly remember standing for the first time in front of my inaugural class of sixth grade students as a nervous neophyte teacher.  At the sound of the second bell with the entire room eerily quiet, all students’ eyes were firmly fixed on me waiting to hear my opening words and watch my first moves.  It was at that moment I came to the humbling realization that leaders, such as teachers, have an enormous capacity to transform lives for the positive or negative. 

View Post »

Listen more, talk less.

By Darlene Messinger
Posted on 12/20/2022 - 4 minute read

I had to learn this the hard way. I used to fancy myself as a great debater, someone who loved to finish others' sentences to show I was right there with them. Didn't this demonstrate that I was actively engaged in the conversation? 

View Post »

Serving a Suffering Population

By Dr. Lori B. Doyle
Posted on 10/24/2022 - 4 minute read

The past twenty years is an approximate time frame during which the phenomenon of burnout has been the focus of ongoing scientific and empirical research for effects on those working in the field of education (Hall et al., 2019). No longer a problem only or primarily discussed for effects on those in medical fields, burnout has been determined a challenge that can affect any professional working in any field (Beatrice, 2020; Marcionetti & Castelli, 2022). One contributing factor for the previous concentration on burnout specific to the helping fields was a description of doctors, nurses, or clinical professionals as those who serve a suffering population (Raimondi, 2019).

View Post »

Lessons Learned about Supervising School Counseling Field Experiences during a Pandemic

By Heather Churney
Posted on 9/2/2022 - 3 minute read

When students decide to pursue a graduate degree, it is life changing. Time and money are poured into their education and that comes with a lot of sacrifice. This was no different for a cohort of students in their fieldwork in early 2020. Each student had made progress toward their 600-hour requirement to obtain their Master’s degree and PPS Credential. As their supervisor, we met weekly to discuss their experiences, support one another, and troubleshoot any problems that they may be facing. This group of 12 students was dedicated to their practice and to their students. Then March 2020 hit and everything changed!

View Post »

«
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
»
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

