https://www.cui.edu/townsend/programs/masters
Skip to main content
Programs
About
Live Info Sessions
REQUEST INFO
APPLY NOW

 All Programs

Master's Degrees

The Townsend Institute's Master’s degree programs at Concordia University Irvine give you access to personally learn from Dr. John Townsend and engage with world-class Christian thought leaders.

M.A. Counseling: Clinical Mental Health »

Cultivate Life-Changing Transformation

M.A. Executive Coaching & Consulting »

Elevate Your Impact

M.A. Organizational Leadership »

Learn to Lead at the Next Level

Take the first step toward advancing your career.

The Townsend Institute has earned a reputation for its relational approach that begins with character growth as a building block for positive change. Our Master’s degrees provide students like you the opportunity to engage with, and learn from, some of the brightest minds in our community.

We believe that in order to be an effective leader, your personal growth is a priority. Enrolled students begin their program with fellow students at a 4-day, in-person course where Dr. Townsend, Townsend Institute Faculty, and Fellows will conduct a series of trainings to jump-start your learning.

Are you ready to get started?

Our dedicated admissions counselors are here to help.

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone 
Program of Interest 
Please Select
Master of Arts in Counseling: Clinical Mental Health
Master of Arts in Organizational Leadership
Master of Arts in Executive Coaching & Consulting
Executive Coaching & Consulting Certificate
Organizational Leadership Certificate
Bachelor of Science in Organizational Psychology
Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), Counselor Education & Supervision
ZIP Code 
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Join us LIVE!

Experience a new kind of Christ-centered education. Join us online LIVE and hear from current students and alumni about their experience in the Townsend Institute.

Ask Dr. John Townsend your questions about the Institute and our offerings
Learn how our counseling and leadership programs can advance your career
Connect with other prospective students exploring our programs
Become eligible for scholarships and other prizes by participating in our info session

MAY

15

Townsend LIVE Information Night

 Wed, May 15, 2024, 5:30 PM PST

 Online

REGISTER NOW »

JUN

10

Townsend LIVE Information Night

 Mon, Jun 10, 2024, 5:30 PM PST

 Online

REGISTER NOW »

Learn more about Townsend Institute LIVE »

I’ve learned the vitality of being a forever student...comprehending that we are perfectly imperfect. Those things that have happened to us, or to our clients, are the things they can use to fuel their passions and make them better.

Kaylie Housewright
M.A. Counseling, 2019

It’s about competence, character, and connection.

Founded by best-selling author and leading Christian thought leader Dr. John Townsend, the Townsend Institute at Concordia University Irvine brings together Christians from all across the country and across all walks of life. For years, Dr. Townsend and Fellows of the Townsend Institute have been transforming lives. Now you too have the opportunity to learn from master practitioners with decades of real world experience.

Start your application today.

Take your next step toward creating the career, and the life, you’ve been waiting for.

APPLY NOW

CONTACT ADMISSIONS

Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

