https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/wellness-center/index/id/22933
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Wellness Center

Meet the Staff
Student Health Services 
Counseling and Psychological Services 
Graduate Students
Helping Hands
In an Emergency
Related Links 
Contact 
COUNSELING AND PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES (CAPS)
Wellness Center
GET STARTED 
Fostering Mental Health & Well-being

Through psychotherapy and psychoeducation, CAPS promotes the development of growth and skills that are essential for your mental health and well-being:

Develop coping skills
Reduce emotional reactivity
Develop critical thinking skills
Process and resolve childhood and other trauma(s)
Strengthen family and interpersonal relationships
Facilitate awareness of beliefs, faith, values, and goals
Clarify a sense of purpose
Services Offered

CAPS provides time-limited, short-term counseling services for eligible students. Students who are enrolled in at least 6 units with Concordia University Irvine are eligible to receive services. If you are seeking counseling services through CAPS, you may first be evaluated through an “intake” session to determine the appropriateness for treatment at CAPS.

Students are eligible for these services until they leave school, either through graduation or any form of withdrawal.

Counseling services include individual counseling, group counseling, and crisis assessment and intervention.

Individual Sessions - Typically 50 minutes in length. Due to the nature of the setting, services are limited to short-term treatment interventions. This may include referrals to additional services off-campus.
Crisis Intervention - Therapists are available during normal hours of operation to assist in the management of crises occurring on campus, including students who need same day, walk-in appointments to address critical situations.
Walk-in Appointments - Available during normal business hours to address critical situations. After office hours, incoming calls will be transferred to voicemail. Residential Life Services, Campus Safety, or other university personnel may contact the Director of CAPS after hours for consultation or for psychological emergency evaluation.
Consultation - CAPS provides consultation services to members of the  Concordia University Irvine community in order to be an advocate for students on campus, and attempt to identify pertinent issues and potential concerns within the community that may impede student development.
Referrals – Therapists support our students by offering off-campus referrals and aiding students in utilizing their insurance benefits. Reasons for referral include continuity of care during school breaks and holidays (if a student will be residing out of California) or referral to a therapist who offers a specialty that may benefit the client and level of severity. Other off-campus referrals may be for basic needs, such as food and housing resources.

Students are eligible for these services until they leave school, either through graduation or any form of withdrawal.

HOW TO MAKE AN APPOINTMENT

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

