https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/wellness-center/index/id/25264
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Wellness Center

Meet the Staff
Student Health Services 
Counseling and Psychological Services 
Graduate Students
Helping Hands
In an Emergency
Related Links 
Contact 
STUDENT HEALTH SERVICES
Wellness Center
Student Health Services (SHS)
Assessment and Treatment of Injuries and Illnesses
The Nurse Practitioner (NP), utilizing policies and procedures developed collaboratively by a consulting physician and administration, will see students for assessment of illness and injury. The NP is able to provide treatment for a selected number of common health conditions. Referrals are made to community resources that are covered by their personal health insurance when possible for those areas that are beyond the scope of practice. Psychiatric illnesses are diagnosed and treated as well.
Facilitation of COVID-19 testing, contact tracing, isolation, and quarantine.
Point of care testing such as flu, mono, strep, etc…
TB (Tuberculosis) Testing: TB tests (PPD-Mantoux) are given on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday and read two days later.
STI/STD Testing
Nurse Practitioner consultation on health topics
Referral to community resources, as needed
Things to Know
All visits and records are confidential.
Medications: SHS has free samples of decongestants, cough medications, throat lozenges, acetaminophen, ibuprofen, and other medications for common illnesses and injuries. Antibiotics may be purchased for approximately $10.00 for a typical course.
Office visit charges: There is no charge for an office visit for full-time undergraduate students as this is part of their University fees. There is a fee of $25.00 for medical office visits for part-time and graduate students which must be paid at time of service.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

