https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/minors/marketing
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Marketing Minor
Related Majors
Related Minors 
Get Started
Marketing Minor
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
The Value of a College Minor

By declaring a minor, you’ll have the opportunity to pursue interests that might lie outside of your major. Gaining extra knowledge in an area that interests you can also help you in your future career! Not only will your skills and knowledge be more well-rounded, but you’ll also prove to future employers that you’re willing to work hard and exceed their expectations.

Curriculum
MARKETING MINOR
18 Units
MKT 341: Marketing
3

This is a survey course of marketing principles and theory. The course supports a practical applied approach to the marketing mix, consumer and industrial markets, market research, plus the challenges of the competitive marketplace. The course also includes an introduction to the issues of globalization. Prerequisite: BUS 201. Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.

MKT 353: Professional Selling
3

This course focuses on the study of the principles of selling and basic sales concepts. Topics will include: Competitive advantage, researching company and competitor information, value proposition, customer needs, listening; communication skills, presenting information, negotiation, and closing skills. Prerequisite: MKT 341 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

MKT 442: Marketing Research
3

This course seeks to provide an applied approach to the techniques and concepts of marketing research and its critical relevance to effective management decisions. Students will develop competency in survey methods and statistical analysis techniques. The course supports classic marketing approaches and the role of research in assisting corporate strategies in optimizing financial performance. Prerequisites: General education math requirements and MKT 341.

MKT 371: Digital Marketing
3

This course will provide a broad overview of digital media including effective web design, SEO (search engine optimization) strategies, social media tools, mobile marketing, metrics, and analytics with a focus on business strategies and trends while using the appropriate digital tools for maximum effectiveness. Prerequisite: MKT 341.

Choose two of the following courses:
ACT 211: Financial Accounting
3

Basic elements of accounting and methods of gathering and reporting financial data will be examined in this course, including a study of financial statements, journalizing financial transactions, merchandising activities, investments in property, plant and equipment; and depreciation as it applies to corporations. Prerequisite: BUS 201.

BUS 201: Introduction to Management, Marketing and Information Technology
3

This survey course will look at today's American business systems including a study of various types of businesses and the information they gather, store, and process, including administration and management of people, facilities, and information. Course will include relevant computer experience simulating business situations.


BUS 251: Legal Environment of Business
3

This course prepares students to think factually and analytically at the areas of law that affect agreements and commerce between individuals and entities in the areas of, but not limited to, contracts, torts, entity formation, agency, real property, estate and trusts and investor protection.


MKT 344: The Advertising Agency
3

A managerial approach to promotional campaign development with an emphasis on advertising strategy as a component of the total market mix will be presented in this course. Students will apply research techniques to target audience identification, message development, creative executive, and media planning as they design a complete campaign for a specified client. Prerequisite: MKT 341 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

MKT 355: Services Marketing
3

A practical approach to understanding and implementing marketing strategies as applied to the business and service sectors. Applications in healthcare, financial and hospitality industries will be addressed. Prerequisite: MKT 341.

MKT 363: Computer Graphics
3

This course will use Adobe Photoshop or similar product to develop student skills in the creation and execution of computer graphics for advertising, illustration, or enhancement of business products.


MKT 365: Computer Graphics with Motion
3

This course will use Adobe Premier or similar product to develop student skills in the creation and execution of animated computer graphics for advertising, illustration, or enhancement of business products.


MKT 445: International Marketing
3

A broad survey course of international marketing principals and trade theory. The course supports a practical approach to