plete campaign for a specified client. Prerequisite: MKT 341 (concurrent enrollment allowed).

MKT 355: Services Marketing
3

A practical approach to understanding and implementing marketing strategies as applied to the business and service sectors. Applications in healthcare, financial and hospitality industries will be addressed. Prerequisite: MKT 341.

MKT 363: Computer Graphics
3

This course will use Adobe Photoshop or similar product to develop student skills in the creation and execution of computer graphics for advertising, illustration, or enhancement of business products.


MKT 365: Computer Graphics with Motion
3

This course will use Adobe Premier or similar product to develop student skills in the creation and execution of animated computer graphics for advertising, illustration, or enhancement of business products.


MKT 445: International Marketing
3

A broad survey course of international marketing principals and trade theory. The course supports a practical approach to global marketing with a focus on competition, market analysis and entry strategies, trade finance, cultural dynamics, and the challenges of the global marketplace. Student teams will prepare market-entry plans for a specific country. Prerequisite: MKT 341.

Current students, please note: The requirements listed here may not reflect the most current courses for this minor and may not be the requirements for the catalog year you are following to complete your minor. Please refer to the Academic Catalog for official requirements you must meet to qualify.

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

