https://www.cui.edu/arts/music/scholarships
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees & Programs 
Facilities
Events
Tours
Contact 
Giving
Apply 
Music Scholarships
Music Department
APPLY FOR SCHOLARSHIPS
Are you interested in auditioning for a music scholarship?

Music scholarships, in concert with other financial aid offers, can account for 40-100% of your tuition. Our full range of music scholarships are available to full-time students from any major. Join our tight-knit community and rehearse, practice, and record in our new facility, the Borland-Manske Center. To apply, simply share your experience as a musician with Concordia’s music faculty through our scholarship interest form and then schedule an audition. Scholarship funding for Fall 2024 is available.

APPLY FOR SCHOLARSHIPS

All Musicians are Welcome

Students from any major are eligible for music scholarships*, which are awarded on the basis of talent and the most-needed ensemble players. A music scholarship can add an additional valuable layer to your financial aid package, which may include academic merit, honors scholarships, need-based aid, church worker grants, and other institutional aid. Music & Theatre scholarships renew at the same dollar amount annually, as long as students remain in good standing in their performance groups.

Post-baccalaureate students (teacher's credential, masters/doctorate) are not eligible for music scholarships.  However, please contact a faculty director if you are interested in participating in an ensemble at no additional tuition cost.  We welcome all students!

*you must be accepted to receive a scholarship offer predicated on your Music Scholarship Interest Form.

Schedule an Audition

To schedule an online audition, please complete our Music Scholarship Interest Form and then contact auditions@cui.edu with your preferred weekday audition date. This is your opportunity, as a prospective student, to share your experience as a musician with Concordia’s music faculty. Auditions will be accepted through the summer, with priority funding through May 1. We welcome auditions from any student within one year of their potential enrollment.

REQUEST AN AUDITION NOW
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone
Instrument or Vocal Audition
I have completed the Music Scholarship Interest Form
SEND NOW

Questions? Text our coordinator at 619-995-0256 or call 949-214-3652

Visit Opportunities for Student-Musicians
If you are planning a campus visit, please connect with auditions@cui.edu in advance or text 619-995-0256 and we can arrange a brief meeting with a faculty member and/or student.
We are happy to provide our prospective students and parents complimentary tickets to Concordia concerts*. Please email auditions@cui.edu to request tickets at least 24 hours in advance.
*Please note that complimentary tickets for Christmas concerts are limited on a first come first served basis.

VIEW MUSIC EVENTS CALENDAR

*complimentary tickets for Christmas concerts are limited to a first-come-first-served basis.

We want to hear from you!
A Special Message for Those Who Do Not Consider Themselves Top-Level Musicians

Are you committed to improving as a musician and being a valuable member of a musical community? If yes to both, please don’t be intimidated by music auditions. We welcome you! If you’ve never played or sung alone before an audience, please mention this when you schedule your audition. Some of the most important musicians in our ensembles today were not advanced musicians when they started at Concordia. The growth you will experience in a college ensemble and private lessons is stunningly rapid! If you enjoy being in performing ensembles, we want to hear from you!

APPLY FOR SCHOLARSHIPS

Awarding Music Scholarships

The Music Department at Concordia University Irvine will not issue any music scholarship until you have received an offer for admission. Please complete your undergraduate application in a timely fashion. Music scholarship offers will be sent via email using your Eagles email address. Once you have accepted your offer and have made your deposit, please respond to your music scholarship offer via email.

The following factors will be considered by faculty when determining award amount:

Most needed musical skill sets
Level of proficiency
Leadership potential
Service
Amount of need-based awards
Amount of other institutional aid

Please note that if other institutional aid changes after a music/theatre award is extended, the award amount may have to be reconsidered as we have to meet tuition discount targets.

Music/Theatre scholarships renew at the same dollar amount annually, as long as students remain in good standing in their performance groups.

Note: Concordia University irvine is a Collegiate Partner of Lutheran Summer Music Academy. Any alumnus of that outstanding training ground for high school students will receive an annual