ete your undergraduate application in a timely fashion. Music scholarship offers will be sent via email using your Eagles email address. Once you have accepted your offer and have made your deposit, please respond to your music scholarship offer via email.

The following factors will be considered by faculty when determining award amount:

Most needed musical skill sets
Level of proficiency
Leadership potential
Service
Amount of need-based awards
Amount of other institutional aid

Please note that if other institutional aid changes after a music/theatre award is extended, the award amount may have to be reconsidered as we have to meet tuition discount targets.

Music/Theatre scholarships renew at the same dollar amount annually, as long as students remain in good standing in their performance groups.

Note: Concordia University irvine is a Collegiate Partner of Lutheran Summer Music Academy. Any alumnus of that outstanding training ground for high school students will receive an annual, renewable bonus of $1,000 added to any music scholarship amount awarded (this will, over time, pay for the LSM Academy as well as some extra Concordia tuition).

Ensemble Placement

All students with music scholarships will be internally registered in required ensembles, classes and/or private lessons before the first term of enrollment. This is done so that you cannot be registered for conflicting classes. Please note that all students are fully in control of their class registrations and have until Census Date (app. 2 weeks into the semester) to change enrollments.

In the first week of attendance, some areas will require placement auditions to determine your exact choir, worship band, jazz ensemble, etc. Please visit the Music department in the Borland-Manske Center for details when you arrive on campus for new student orientation.

Music Scholarship Interest Form

Considering auditioning for a music scholarship? Complete our music scholarship interest form! Concordia staff will be in touch with you to discuss your audition area and date options within one to two weeks from completing the form.

APPLY FOR SCHOLARSHIPS

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

