https://www.cui.edu/arts/theatre/scholarships
Skip to Main Content

Search
The Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
Get Started 
Support
THEATRE DEPARTMENT
About Us
Faculty
Degrees and Programs 
Events
Giving
Contact
How to Apply 
Scholarship Application

THEATRE SCHOLARSHIP INTEREST FORM

Theatre Scholarship Information & Application

The theatre department at Concordia University Irvine gives scholarships to students who show strong promise to make an impact in theatre at Concordia. Applicants do not need to be theatre majors in order to receive scholarship funds.

To apply, students submit an online form and a sample of their work. Appropriate samples of work include:

For those focused on acting: two contrasting monologues that are 1 minute in length. The student performs the monologues either in person in front of a faculty member or via recorded video, which is either sent in or posted on YouTube. The monologues may contrast each other by being classical/contemporary or perhaps comic/dramatic. Actors may also sing 32 bars of a song if they wish, but that is not required.
For those more focused on technical theatre, design, or stage management: a portfolio showing work the student has done thus far submitted either in person or electronically. Materials might include photos, drawings, prompt books, cue sheets, light plots, working drawings, and renderings. The student would also be asked to have a short interview – either in person or on the phone.

Scholarship funds are limited and thus the application process is competitive. Students are encouraged to apply early. Once a scholarship has been earned, the only requirements to continue earning the scholarship funds each year at Concordia are:

The student must be involved in two (2) productions per season at Concordia in some capacity - as an actor, designer, director, crew person, or house manager.
The student must enroll in one 3 credit hour course in theatre each year.
The student must maintain a 2.5 grade point average.

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Prof. Tony Vezner at (949) 214-3425.

Deadlines

Live auditions or design interviews can be arranged, especially if you plan to be on campus for a visit - please make your request by email to auditions@cui.edu. The bulk of the scholarships will be decided by March 31, 2022. It is still possible to apply after that date, but resources may be limited.

NOTE:

You must apply to Concordia University in order to be considered for a theatre scholarship.

2 Simple Steps for Theatre Scholarships
Complete the theatre scholarship interest form
This online form will take 5-10 minutes to complete. (Note: You cannot save and return to this form. Be prepared to complete it in one sitting.)
Schedule Your Audition/View Audition Requirements
Prospective students will receive an audition/interview scheduling link after they complete a theatre scholarship interest form. We prefer live auditions/interviews but will also accept video auditions and over the phone interviews.
Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

