ou are a dependent student and your parents filed their tax return as Married, Filing Jointly only one parent contributor is required to complete the FAFSA. If you are a dependent student and your parents filed their tax return as Married, Filing Separately then both parents will be considered contributors. In this case, both parents need separate FSA IDs and must provide consent.

My parents are unmarried but live together. Are both my parents considered contributors?

Yes! If you are a dependent student and your parents are unmarried and living together, then both parents will be contributors, need separate FSA IDs, and each parent must provide consent.

My parent(s) are refusing to provide consent. What are my options?

If you are a dependent student and one or more contributors refuse to provide consent, you will be given the opportunity to indicate on the FAFSA that you would like to receive only a Direct Unsubsidized Loan. If you select this option, additional documentation may be required before our office can process a Direct Unsubsidized Loan offer.

My parents do not support me. Do I have to include one as a contributor on the FAFSA?

Yes, if you are a dependent student, at least one parent must be a contributor on your FAFSA. If your parents are divorced/separated but not remarried, and neither parent provided support in the 12-month period immediately prior to filing your FAFSA, the parent of record (i.e., contributor) is the parent who provided the greater portion of support during the most recent year you received financial support from a parent.

My parents are divorced/separated, and each provides 50% of my financial support. Which parent is considered the contributor?

If both parents claim an equal amount of support, then the parent of record (i.e., contributor) is the parent with the greater amount of income and assets.

What types of untaxed income will no longer be reported on the FAFSA?

The following forms of untaxed income will no longer be reported on the 2024-25 FAFSA:

Untaxed payments to tax-deferred pension and retirement saving plans;
Housing, food, and other living allowances paid to members of the military, clergy, and others;
Veterans benefits;
Workman's compensation;
Other untaxed income not reported elsewhere on the FAFSA, like Black Lung Benefits, Refugee assistance, railroad retirement benefits, Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) benefits; or
Cash support received or any money paid on the student’s behalf

My Contributor refused to provide consent, but manually entered their tax information on my FAFSA. Am I still eligible?

No, if a contributor to your FAFSA did not provide consent, you are ineligible for federal student aid even if that contributor manually entered their tax information. Your contributor must provide consent for you to be eligible for federal student aid and your FAFSA to be processed. Your contributor can provide consent at a later date by logging in with their FSA ID and submitting a correction to your FAFSA.

I submitted my FAFSA as a Provisionally Independent Student. What are my next steps?

Please contact your financial aid counselor for next steps. Note that our office may need to collect additional documentation to verify your circumstances qualify for Independent status and that your Student Aid Index (SAI) on the FAFSA will not be officially calculated until we have confirmed your status. Your financial aid file will be placed on hold until this process is completed.

For additional information, please visit the FAFSA Simplification Information Knowledge Center or contact our office with questions.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

