https://www.cui.edu/fafsa
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Financial Aid
Getting Started
Types of Aid
Access Your Financial Aid
Staff
Resources 
2024-25 FAFSA Changes

Last updated: February 23, 2024.

Big changes are coming to the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) application for the 2024-2025 aid year! Historically, the FAFSA opens in October, however, with the upcoming FAFSA changes, the 2024-25 FAFSA is expected to be available by December 31, 2023. Updates on the 2024-25 FAFSA will be posted here once announced.

 
Why is the FAFSA changing for 2024-25?

In 2020, Congress passed the FAFSA Simplification Act. This new act significantly overhauls the processes and systems used to award federal student aid. Major changes now required by law include the FAFSA form, the need analysis that determines federal aid eligibility, changes in terminology, and many policies and procedures for schools participating in Title IV federal aid programs. The law will also affect any state that uses FAFSA data to award state grants (i.e., Cal Grant) and every school that participates in the federal student aid programs.

Concordia University Irvine's Financial Aid Office is dedicated to providing timely updates to our students and families. Due to the substantial amount of changes, portions of our website may not be fully updated for the 2024-25 academic year. We will continue to update this page as more information from the Department of Education and Federal Student Aid becomes available. We appreciate your patience as we work to implement the changes brought by the FAFSA Simplification Act.

Steps for Contributors
Step 1

Contributor receives an email informing them that they’ve been identified as a contributor.

Step 2

Contributor creates a StudentAid.gov account if they don’t already have one.

Step 3

Contributor logs into the account using their FSA ID (account username and password).

Step 4

Contributor reviews information about completing their section of the FAFSA form.

Step 5

Contributor provides required info, including consent + approval, and signs student’s FAFSA form.

Important: Being a contributor does not indicate financial responsibility.
However, if a contributor refuses to provide their information, the student will not be eligible for federal student aid.

2024-25 FAFSA Delay and Cal Grant

Due to the delayed opening of the 2024-25 FAFSA, the priority deadline for Cal Grant has been moved from March 2, 2024 to April 2, 2024. This means you have an additional month to file your 2024-25 FAFSA and still be considered for a Cal Grant award.

For additional information on the Cal Grant priority deadline extension, please visit the California Student Aid Commission's website.

2024-25 FAFSA FAQs

When should I file the 2024-25 FAFSA?

New students who plan to begin at Concordia in Fall 2024 should complete the FAFSA as soon as it becomes available. Per the Department of Education, the 2024-2025 FAFSA will be available by December 31, 2023. Returning students should complete the FAFSA on or before the March 15th priority deadline.

My parent(s) does not have a Social Security Number (SSN). Can we still complete the 2024-25 FAFSA online?

Yes! Even if your parent(s) does not have an SSN, you can still complete the FAFSA online. When you get to the section where you can invite a Contributor to your FAFSA, you will enter your parent's name, date of birth, email, and then check the box that reads "My parent doesn't have an SSN". You will then be prompted to enter your parent's address instead. Your parent will then receive an email letting them know they have been identified as a Contributor. If they do not have an FSA ID, they will be prompted to create one.

How to Get a FSA ID for Individuals Without a Social Security Number - English | Español

My parents are married/remarried. Are both my parents considered contributors?

It depends. If you are a dependent student and your parents filed their tax return as Married, Filing Jointly only one parent contributor is required to complete the FAFSA. If you are a dependent student and your parents filed their tax return as Married, Filing Separately then both parents will be considered contributors. In this case, both parents need separate FSA IDs and must provide consent.

My parents are unmarried but live together. Are both my parents considered contributors?

Yes! If you are a dependent student and your parents are unmarried and living together, then both parents will be contributors, need separate FSA IDs, and each parent must provide consent.

My parent(s) are refusing to provide consent. What are my options?

If you are a dependent student and one or more contributors refuse to provide consent, you will be given the opportunity to indicate on the FAFSA that you would like to receive only a Direct Unsubsidized Loan. If you select this option, additional documentation may be required before our office can process a Direct Unsubsidized Loan offer.

My parents do not support me. Do I have to include one as a contributor on the FAFSA?

Yes, if you are a dependent student, at least one parent must be a contributor on your FAFSA. If your parents are divorced/separated but not remarried, and neither parent provided support in the 12-month period immediately prior to filing your FAFSA, the parent of record (i.e., contributor) is the parent who provided the greater portion of support during the most recent year you received financial support from a parent.

My parents are divorced/separated, and each provides 50% of my financial support. Which parent is considered the contributor?

If both parents claim an equal amount of support, then the parent of record (i.e., contributor) is the parent with the greater amount of income and assets.

What types of untaxed income will no longer be reported on the FAFSA?

The following forms of untaxed income will no longer be reported on the 2024-25 FAFSA:

Untaxed payments to tax-deferred pension and retirement saving plans;
Housing, food, and other living allowances paid to members of the military, clergy, and others;
Veterans benefits;
Workman's compensation;
Other untaxed income not reported elsewhere on the FAFSA, like Black Lung Benefits, Refugee assistance, railroad retirement benefits, Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) benefits; or
Cash support received or any money paid on the student’s behalf

My Contributor refused to provide consent, but manually entered their tax information on my FAFSA. Am I still eligible?

No, if a contributor to your FAFSA did not provide consent, you are ineligible for federal student aid even if that contributor manually entered their tax information. Your contributor must provide consent for you to be eligible for federal student aid and your FAFSA to be processed. Your contributor can provide consent at a later date by logging in with their FSA ID and submitting a correction to your FAFSA.

I submitted my FAFSA as a Provisionally Independent Student. What are my next steps?

Please contact your financial aid counselor for next steps. Note that our office may need to collect additional documentation to verify your circumstances qualify for Independent status and that your Student Aid Index (SAI) on the FAFSA will not be officially calculated until we have confirmed your status. Your financial aid file will be placed on hold until this process is completed.

For additional information, please visit the FAFSA Simplification Information Knowledge Center or contact our office with questions.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

