RSES
CED 532: Methods of Christian Discipleship
3

This course examines theory and practice in discipleship, catechesis, and spiritual formation as conducted in the ministry of the Church. The course focuses on planning, managing, delivering, evaluating, and integrating Christian teaching into the life of the Church.

CED 560: Adult Ministry
3

This course will look at adult learning theories, faith development, and discuss andragogy as it relates to the planning of effective adult education programs in a local congregation.

CED 580: Youth Ministry
3

A course which provides students basic foundations of parish youth ministry and an opportunity to better understand the current youth culture. Supplies a variety of organizational models and an opportunity to develop programming skills needed for successful parish youth ministry. A fieldwork component is required.

Emphasis: Teaching and Biblical Interpretation

The Teaching and Biblical Interpretation track is for those students who would like to deepen their knowledge of the Bible and their ability to communicate God’s Word. For example, students who desire to become teaching pastors are highly encouraged to take this route of study. Students in this emphasis will complete between 18-24 units of additional coursework. Some sample courses include:

COURSES
TGRE 501: Greek I
3

A study of the fundamentals of New Testament Greek. Morphology, syntax and vocabulary for translation and linguistic analysis of passages of the New Testament.

TGRE 502: Greek II
3

TA continued study of the fundamentals of the New Testament Greek. Morphology, syntax and vocabulary for translation and linguistic analysis of passages of the New Testament. Will also overview appropriate use of Bible study software for Greek translation. Prerequisite: TGRE 501 or equivalent.

TEXN 510: Synoptic Gospels and Acts
3

This course will offer a comprehensive overview of all isagogical information concerning the Synoptic Gospels and Acts. An individual Gospel will be selected and translated with a focus on the theological meaning, emphasis, and its modern application. Prerequisite: TGRE 502.

TEXN 540: Pastoral Epistles
3

The course offers a comprehensive overview of all isagogical information concerning Paul's Prison Epistles, the Pastoral Epistles, the General Epistles and Hebrews. Individual books will also be selected for in-depth translation and application. Particular attention will be paid to the pastoral and church related issues proclaimed in the epistles towards a practical competency of leading a congregation in the ethnic, multi-cultural context of modern pastoral mission work. Prerequisite: TGRE 502 or equivalent.

Ministry Capstone

Both tracks require the student to complete a 3-unit capstone course. Within the Christian Ministry capstone, students will explore the integration of theological knowledge and ministry skills within their current ministry context. Students in the Teaching and Biblical Interpretation capstone will explore the integration of exegetical method, theological knowledge, and teaching within their current ministry context. Both of these capstones require the student to complete a director’s approved practical ministry project, as well as a final theologically evaluative paper on their experience.

Tuition & Financial Aid
Tuition/Fee	Cost
Application Fee	$50
Student Success Fee	$50
Tuition	$649/unit

Our Financial Aid Office and the Center's Program Director are available to answer any questions you might have about financing this investment in your education.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Apply Now:
Master of Arts in Church Leadership
1
Application for Graduate Admission
Complete and submit the cohort application by clicking the button.
APPLICATION
2
Application Fee
Please submit your non-refundable $50 application fee.
3
Pastoral Reference
Complete and submit the cohort application by clicking the button.
REFERENCE
4
Personal Reference
Complete and submit the cohort application by clicking the button.
REFERENCE
5
Supplemental Application
Complete and submit the cohort application by clicking the button.
APPLICATION
6
Official Transcripts from all colleges and universities attended
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

