https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/financial-aid/undergraduate/prospective-students-getting-started
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Financial Aid
Getting Started
Types of Aid
Access Your Financial Aid
Staff
Resources 
Welcome Prospective Students
UNDERGRADUATE FINANCIAL AID
ESPAÑOL

Concordia University's institutional aid must go towards institutional charges, such as tuition, fees, university housing, and meal plans. It does not cover university class fees, fines, etc. Academic and Athletic Scholarships and Department Awards, including need-based aid, are known as Concordia institutional aid.

Financial Aid Deadlines
April 2 - FAFSA priority deadline for federal and state aid
April 2 - California residents ONLY: Cal Grant Verification Form postmarked date.
August 7 - Loan borrowers ONLY: Complete Loan Entrance Counseling and Master Promissory Note (MPN) for Direct Subsidized Loans and Direct Unsubsidized Loans.
August 7 - Final deadline for all financial aid documents. Please note additional documents may be requested to complete your financial aid file after this date. All additional documents must be submitted 14 days prior to the close of the term.
August 30 - FAFSAs received after this date will not be eligible for any need-based institutional aid.
Step-by-Step Financial Aid

The following steps will help guide you through Concordia's financial aid process. If at any point you have questions or need personalized assistance, please contact us.

Step 1

Create a FSA ID. The student, and one parent if a dependent student, need to create an FSA ID online. Your FSA ID remains the same from year to year, so keep it in a safe place and never share it with anyone.

Step 2

Fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). To apply for need-based aid, federal grants, work-study, and loans, please complete the FAFSA. To have your information sent to Concordia University Irvine, make sure to include Concordia's school code - 013885.
Please note the FAFSA is a free application. Click here for facts on Financial Aid Consultants and Scholarship Services.

Step 3: California Residents ONLY

California residents may qualify for a state grant, Cal Grant A or B. Complete the Cal Grant GPA Verification Form, postmarked or emailed no later than March 2nd (use code - 02070500). Before submitting the Cal Grant GPA Verification Form, check with your High School to see if it was already electronically sent. Click here for additional Cal Grant information

Step 4

Read all communications received from the Financial Aid Office and provide any requested documentation at your earliest convenience. The first communication will first go by U.S. Mail. All subsequent requests are sent via email. Once you receive notification you have an Eagles email, please activate it immediately.

Instructions for Viewing Your Financial Aid Offer can be found here.

Net Price Calculator
Find out your scholarship eligibility.

Answer a few simple questions to calculate the scholarships you qualify for and estimate the net price for attending CUI.

CALCULATE SCHOLARSHIPS

Financial Planning

There are various types of financial assistance that can help you cover the costs associated with college. Concordia offers a wide array of scholarship programs. Every student is considered for an academic scholarship as long as a complete application for admission is received. For a complete listing of all types of aid you may be eligible for, visit our Types of Aid page.

The Financial Aid Office recognizes that households can experience changes in income, other finances, or experience a special or unusual circumstance that are not adequately reflected on the student's FAFSA. If you believe you have a special or unusual circumstance to be considered, please visit our Professional Judgment page or contact your financial aid counselor to discuss your situation.

Financial Aid Forms

Students submitting documents to Concordia's Financial Aid Office must use one of the following methods:

Email to finaid@cui.edu using ONLY your student eagles email
FAX: 949-214-3500
Mail: Concordia University Financial Aid Office:
1530 Concordia West, Irvine, CA 92612
In person: Grimm Hall North, 2nd Floor
FORMS
Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Conc