https://www.cui.edu/getstarted/Index/id/20252
Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
GET STARTED
Get Started Home
Log in to Online Resources
Log in to MyRecords
Review Financial Aid
Online Resources Info
REQUEST INFO
APPLY NOW
Login Instructions For Concordia Online Resources

To get started using Concordia Online Resources carefully read ALL the following important information:

Your temporary password will NOT work to log in to any online resources.
You MUST first activate your account in the self-service password management system and reset your temporary password.
You will only need to activate your account one time.
After you have activated you will be able to reset your any password easily via the MyAccount site.
You will use your Student ID and password to login to Eagles Gmail, Canvas, MyRecords, and Library Databases.

To change your temporary password and start using Concordia Online Resources, please do the following:

Go to http://myaccount.cui.edu.
On the MyAccount website click the "Activate" link to activate your account.
Enter your Student ID, which is your full "E#" including all leading 0's, as your User ID.
Use your temporary password from your acceptance packet or email in order to activate.
Please note that all passwords ARE cAsE sEnSiTiVe. (The Domain "CUI", cannot be changed.)
You will be asked to create several security questions and answers.
You can choose pre-made ones or create your own.
Once you have successfully activated, click the "Reset Password" link
to create a new personalized password.
You can now use the MyAccount website to change or reset your own password at any time.
Once your account is activated and you have changed your password,
go to https://www.cui.edu/mycui to access online resources like your Eagles Gmail.

Remember: Your new password is what you will use for Eagles Gmail, Canvas, MyRecords, and the library databases.
What is the difference between these resources?

If you need instructions for activating, resetting or changing your password using the Self-Service Password Reset Website, use the "Help " link in the lower right corner on the Self-Service site.
You may also visit the Training Resources section of the IT Services website at https://www.cui.edu/it .If you need further assistance, please contact IT Services via email: ITS@cui.edu  or call us at 949.214.3175.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

