https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/residential-education-services/index/id/20714
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Office of Residential Life

Get to Know Your Staff
Housing
Residence Halls
Current Students
Incoming Students
OFFICE OF RESIDENCE LIFE
Housing Information for Incoming Students

Whether you are moving into Chi Rho or one of our many other residential halls, Concordia University Irvine is dedicated to providing the finest residential experience to our students. Receiving the best liberal arts education is part of the mission of Concordia, and things such as our on-campus library, computer labs, and our Student Success Center are a few ways in which we make an effort to create this environment. However, there is also a time for students to relax and enjoy the many amenities offered on campus including ping-pong and our CU Active fitness center. Additionally, there are many opportunities to get to know other students and to get involved through student leadership programs or intramural sports. Overall, the Office of Residence Life department is committed to making sure our students receive a great education, while enjoying the many benefits associated with living on campus.

Steps to Complete Your Housing Application 

Applications are made available on November 1 for the following academic year. Wait at least 48 hours after you receive your CUI Admissions acceptance packet before signing up for housing.

In order to submit a housing application, you must be admitted by the Office of Undergraduate Admissions and have submitted your $300 enrollment deposit.
Begin at eRezLife.com
Select Activate Account
Enter your Eagles Email address* and Student ID to Activate your Account (found in your admissions acceptance packet)
Select “Apply for Housing” to begin your application
Once you have submitted your application, select “My Roommate Profile” in the left menu and select “Turn on my profile*” so other applicants can select you as their roommate. *this is optional but necessary if you wish to request roommates.
Once all parties have submitted their application and activated their Roommate profile, you can select “Roommate Groups” and create a preferred group to room with.

Consider applying for one of our Living Learning Communities (LLC) which are distinctive, theme-based residential learning environments. Each Living Learning Community has limited participation so it’s important to apply as early as possible (note: LLC housing is charged the Quads rate). 

*If you need assistance with your Eagles email address, or have any additional questions, contact Office of Undergraduate Admissions at (949) 214-3010 or admissions@cui.edu.

Off-Campus Housing
If you are planning to be a commuter student, you must submit the Off-Campus Housing Appeal Form by August 1. This form can be found after activating your eRezLife account.
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

