https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/coaching
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MCAA
Curriculum 
Meet the Team
Alumni
Financial Aid
Coach's Resources 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MASTER'S IN COACHING & ATHLETICS ADMINISTRATION
Concordia University Irvine
 
GET STARTED 
Peter Abe, MCAA Graduate 2010
Athletic Director and Head Football Coach at Portola High School
Master's in Coaching and Athletics Administration
Now Offering: MS in Coaching & Exercise Sciences

Transform your sports program and your career through Concordia University Irvine's fully online Master's in Coaching and Athletics Administration.

Committing to growth and challenging yourself to work hard means the Master’s in Coaching & Athletics Administration is not for everyone. It’s not for folks who like to make excuses. It’s not for people who expect anything less of themselves than they expect from their athletes. It’s for people who want to empower others and be a true leader.

Request Info

One of our admissions counselors will contact you with more information about our program and our $1,000 scholarship for new students!

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

State 
- Select state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
U.S. Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
American Samoa
Federated States of Micronesia
Guam
Marshall Islands
Palau
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
When do you want to start? 
- Select start term
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

By requesting information, I consent to be contacted by Concordia University Irvine through my email, phone or text message.

MCAA Purpose
Mission

Equipping and Empowering Leaders in Athletics to Transform Lives

Vision

The Masters in Coaching & Athletics Administration (MCAA) program’s vision is to change the world by graduating men and women committed to transforming (causing a lasting and profound change) the lives of young people while pursuing competitive excellence. An average person impacts the lives of 10,000 others during a lifetime. Leaders in sports, however, influence an exponentially higher number than that. MCAA, therefore, has the privilege and responsibility of working with the most influential leaders in America, coaches and athletic administrators.

These MCAA coaches and administrators will become the pillars and paragons of their families, teams, programs, departments, institutions, and communities. As leaders of stellar character armed with the skills and knowledge necessary for their teams to consistently compete at their best, these highly credible leaders’ primary focus will be to build championship human beings; young people whose habits, character, selflessness, and work ethic will be forged, changed, and strengthened to give them the foundation for a lifetime of success, fulfillment, and significance. This vision will come to life in a culture of grace, where every MCAA student is highly valued and treated with dignity as a child of God.

In MCAA, staff and instructors do more than share best practices, impart valuable information, and cultivate skill sets; they allow their hearts to shake hands with the hearts of MCAA students, mentoring and inspiring these extraordinary men and women to live fully into all that God has called them to be in the lives of the young people He entrusts to them.

The MCAA’s purpose is also a microcosm of the Mission of Concordia University, Irvine, which, guided by Jesus’ Great Commission,

seeks to empower students for lives of learning, service and leadership.
Meet the Team

For over a decade, we’ve been change-agents for coaches and administrators like you who are ready to energize their career and make their organization better. The things you need to learn, to go from where you are to where you want to go, take experience. All of the instructors in our MCAA program are experienced in coaching and athletics administration and look forward to helping you lean in and get to the goal.

MCAA FACULTY

Is It Worth It?

As one of the first to enter the market – the Master’s in Coaching and Athletics Administration at Concordia Irvine has been a leader in the field for over a decade. Each year, more graduate students enroll in our program than in any other educational athletics program of its kind. That means you're joining a net