entrusts to them.

The MCAA’s purpose is also a microcosm of the Mission of Concordia University, Irvine, which, guided by Jesus’ Great Commission,

seeks to empower students for lives of learning, service and leadership.
Meet the Team

For over a decade, we’ve been change-agents for coaches and administrators like you who are ready to energize their career and make their organization better. The things you need to learn, to go from where you are to where you want to go, take experience. All of the instructors in our MCAA program are experienced in coaching and athletics administration and look forward to helping you lean in and get to the goal.

MCAA FACULTY

Is It Worth It?

As one of the first to enter the market – the Master’s in Coaching and Athletics Administration at Concordia Irvine has been a leader in the field for over a decade. Each year, more graduate students enroll in our program than in any other educational athletics program of its kind. That means you're joining a network of over 4,000 alumni across the United States and even internationally. But who are we to talk? Take a look at what our alumni have to say about whether the Master’s in Coaching and Athletics Administration is worth it or not.

[T]his team has something special, some of the intangibles necessary to win a championship: resilience, competitiveness, the bond between players,

Margueritte Aozasa, MCAA ’21
UCLA Bruins women’s soccer coach Margueritte Aozasa, MCAA ’21, led the Bruins to an NCAA title, becoming the first coach in NCAA women’s soccer history to win a national championship in her first year.

Suddenly I was back at it. School was exciting again. I appreciated school more this time around because I understood, 'This is going to get me from point A to point B.' Each class helped develop my thinking as a coach.

Misty May-Treanor '13
Three-time Olympic Gold Medalist, Director of Volleyball Operations, Long Beach City College, CA

The faculty...had so much passion and so much energy for developing coaches and leaders within the game. I was already mostly sold on the program, but they just tipped the scale for me. It was the best decision that I've made.

George Ellis '17
General Manager, PCG Basketball

SEE WHAT ALUMNI ACROSS THE U.S. ARE SAYING
When you’re ready to champion your career

The Master's in Coaching and Athletics Administration is a flexible, 15-month online degree. Designed by experienced athletic educators, this coaching degree is for working coaches and athletic administrators who want to advance their careers as transformational thought leaders in the field.

APPLY NOW

Not sure yet? Keep me in the loop.

MS in Coaching & Exercise Sciences
Now Offering: MS in Coaching & Exercise Sciences

The nationally renowned Master of Arts in Coaching and Athletics Administration (MCAA) program has expanded to offer a Master of Science in Coaching and Exercise Sciences. The M.S. program provides a comprehensive study of human movement in the context of educational athletics. The coursework is designed to provide students with background knowledge and experience for professional careers in educational athletics including teaching, coaching, performance enhancement, fitness and health promotion.

LEARN MORE

Curriculum

We’ve structured the Master's in Coaching and Athletics Administration program so working professionals like you can fit it into your schedule. Building on the foundation of 5 core courses (20 units), you can then customize your curriculum with 4 elective courses (16 units) to earn either your Master of Arts or Master of Science degree (36 units total). In either your Master of Arts in Coaching & Athletics Administration or Master of Science in Coaching & Exercise Sciences degree, every course will provide training that is immediately applicable to your current position. You will enhance your leadership and administrative skills while working toward your future goals.

MASTER'S IN COACHING: CORE COURSES (MA + MS)
20 Units
MSCE 510: Principles of Coaching and Leadership
4

This foundational course examines the key fundamentals of coaching excellence within five critical domains: Perspective, Purpose, Principles, Provision, and Practices. Students will be equipped to develop and create their own athlete-centered Philosophy of Coaching, including detailing their vision, mission, and values, describing the type and style of coach they are or aspire to become, plans for creating an effective culture, instilling strong character in athletes, and maximizing growth and learning in the classroom and on the field/gym. Emphasis is placed on understanding types of coaching, including transactional, pragmatic, relational, and transformational, and the impact each of these have on young people. Leadership in athletics will be analyzed through the prism of effectively meeting the essential needs of young people while developing and enhancing essential coaching characteristics, skills, and abilities.

MSCE 530: Ethi