ts
MSCE 510: Principles of Coaching and Leadership
4

This foundational course examines the key fundamentals of coaching excellence within five critical domains: Perspective, Purpose, Principles, Provision, and Practices. Students will be equipped to develop and create their own athlete-centered Philosophy of Coaching, including detailing their vision, mission, and values, describing the type and style of coach they are or aspire to become, plans for creating an effective culture, instilling strong character in athletes, and maximizing growth and learning in the classroom and on the field/gym. Emphasis is placed on understanding types of coaching, including transactional, pragmatic, relational, and transformational, and the impact each of these have on young people. Leadership in athletics will be analyzed through the prism of effectively meeting the essential needs of young people while developing and enhancing essential coaching characteristics, skills, and abilities.

MSCE 530: Ethics And Sport
4

This course equips coaches and administrators to make decisions which reflect an awareness of the moral and ethical dimensions of issues encountered in sport, while applying standards of ethics informed by Christian teachings. Students will analyze the relationship between professional responsibility, personal belief, loyalty, honesty and integrity. Students will also review and incorporate research into a thesis, action plan, analysis, project or professional activity in coaching or athletic administration. Finally, students will develop strategies to infuse character development into sport.

MSCE 550: Research Methods and Analysis
4

This course is an intensive course that provides hands-on experience analyzing research studies, interpreting data, designing studies and preparation of APA style research presentations (papers).

MSCE 580: Legal Aspect of Sport
4

The course provides several important legal aspects in sport, athletic administration and coaching. Included will be an analysis of the application of law to sport, liability, negligence law, intentional torts, criminal acts, contract law, gender equity/Title IX, sexual harassment, ADA and related legislation, and sports employment law. Special emphasis is placed on knowing and understanding the Fourteen Legal Duties of Athletic Personnel, and then effectively applying those duties in coaching and competitive situations.

MSCE 595: Culminating Project
4

In this course students will develop a comprehensive portfolio through the application of the knowledge and skills related to the student's specific area of coaching. Concurrent enrollment in other courses is not permitted to ensure the student successfully passes and meets degree program requirements for graduation. Therefore, this class must be taken last. Graduation Application Fee: $185. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.

Master of Arts in Coaching and Athletics Administration: Choose 4 Elective Courses (16 units)
Master of Science in Coaching and Exercise Sciences: Choose 4 Elective Courses (16 units)
Building Your Professional Portfolio

We’re not satisfied with handing you a degree and sending you away with a hand-shake. Concordia Irvine wants to prepare you to level up by curating a professional portfolio along the way. Our capstone requirement sends you out armed with a collection of work that gives you a leg up on the competition.

LEARN MORE
Tuition & Financial Aid
Tuition/Fee	Cost
Student Services Fee	$50/one-time payment
Student Success Fee	$50/semester
Tuition	$582/unit
Books	$800 - $1,000

We're proud to offer our master's degrees in coaching at a competitive tuition price with financial aid available. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

As an added benefit, we're proud to offer a $1,000 scholarship to all new students when you begin the program.

Note: Scholarship Athletes, Graduate Assistants, and students receiving a Concordia Faculty/Staff Waiver are not eligible for the $1,000 scholarship.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Professional Training
Listen to Experts & Elevate Your Game
A Podcast Series with iHeartMedia
Online Clinic
California Coaches Conference
Conference Classes
Official Partner
Fully Accredited
Certified Preparation
Yellow Ribbon School
Official Master’s Degree
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

