https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/coaching
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
MCAA
Curriculum 
Meet the Team
Alumni
Financial Aid
Coach's Resources 
Contact 
Request Info
Apply Now
MASTER'S IN COACHING & ATHLETICS ADMINISTRATION
Concordia University Irvine
 
GET STARTED 
Peter Abe, MCAA Graduate 2010
Athletic Director and Head Football Coach at Portola High School
Master's in Coaching and Athletics Administration
Now Offering: MS in Coaching & Exercise Sciences

Transform your sports program and your career through Concordia University Irvine's fully online Master's in Coaching and Athletics Administration.

Committing to growth and challenging yourself to work hard means the Master’s in Coaching & Athletics Administration is not for everyone. It’s not for folks who like to make excuses. It’s not for people who expect anything less of themselves than they expect from their athletes. It’s for people who want to empower others and be a true leader.

Request Info

One of our admissions counselors will contact you with more information about our program and our $1,000 scholarship for new students!

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

State 
- Select state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
U.S. Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
American Samoa
Federated States of Micronesia
Guam
Marshall Islands
Palau
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
When do you want to start? 
- Select start term
Yes, I am affiliated with the U.S. Military
SEND NOW

By requesting information, I consent to be contacted by Concordia University Irvine through my email, phone or text message.

MCAA Purpose
Mission

Equipping and Empowering Leaders in Athletics to Transform Lives

Vision

The Masters in Coaching & Athletics Administration (MCAA) program’s vision is to change the world by graduating men and women committed to transforming (causing a lasting and profound change) the lives of young people while pursuing competitive excellence. An average person impacts the lives of 10,000 others during a lifetime. Leaders in sports, however, influence an exponentially higher number than that. MCAA, therefore, has the privilege and responsibility of working with the most influential leaders in America, coaches and athletic administrators.

These MCAA coaches and administrators will become the pillars and paragons of their families, teams, programs, departments, institutions, and communities. As leaders of stellar character armed with the skills and knowledge necessary for their teams to consistently compete at their best, these highly credible leaders’ primary focus will be to build championship human beings; young people whose habits, character, selflessness, and work ethic will be forged, changed, and strengthened to give them the foundation for a lifetime of success, fulfillment, and significance. This vision will come to life in a culture of grace, where every MCAA student is highly valued and treated with dignity as a child of God.

In MCAA, staff and instructors do more than share best practices, impart valuable information, and cultivate skill sets; they allow their hearts to shake hands with the hearts of MCAA students, mentoring and inspiring these extraordinary men and women to live fully into all that God has called them to be in the lives of the young people He entrusts to them.

The MCAA’s purpose is also a microcosm of the Mission of Concordia University, Irvine, which, guided by Jesus’ Great Commission,

seeks to empower students for lives of learning, service and leadership.
Meet the Team

For over a decade, we’ve been change-agents for coaches and administrators like you who are ready to energize their career and make their organization better. The things you need to learn, to go from where you are to where you want to go, take experience. All of the instructors in our MCAA program are experienced in coaching and athletics administration and look forward to helping you lean in and get to the goal.

MCAA FACULTY

Is It Worth It?

As one of the first to enter the market – the Master’s in Coaching and Athletics Administration at Concordia Irvine has been a leader in the field for over a decade. Each year, more graduate students enroll in our program than in any other educational athletics program of its kind. That means you're joining a network of over 4,000 alumni across the United States and even internationally. But who are we to talk? Take a look at what our alumni have to say about whether the Master’s in Coaching and Athletics Administration is worth it or not.

[T]his team has something special, some of the intangibles necessary to win a championship: resilience, competitiveness, the bond between players,

Margueritte Aozasa, MCAA ’21
UCLA Bruins women’s soccer coach Margueritte Aozasa, MCAA ’21, led the Bruins to an NCAA title, becoming the first coach in NCAA women’s soccer history to win a national championship in her first year.

Suddenly I was back at it. School was exciting again. I appreciated school more this time around because I understood, 'This is going to get me from point A to point B.' Each class helped develop my thinking as a coach.

Misty May-Treanor '13
Three-time Olympic Gold Medalist, Director of Volleyball Operations, Long Beach City College, CA

The faculty...had so much passion and so much energy for developing coaches and leaders within the game. I was already mostly sold on the program, but they just tipped the scale for me. It was the best decision that I've made.

George Ellis '17
General Manager, PCG Basketball

SEE WHAT ALUMNI ACROSS THE U.S. ARE SAYING
When you’re ready to champion your career

The Master's in Coaching and Athletics Administration is a flexible, 15-month online degree. Designed by experienced athletic educators, this coaching degree is for working coaches and athletic administrators who want to advance their careers as transformational thought leaders in the field.

APPLY NOW

Not sure yet? Keep me in the loop.

MS in Coaching & Exercise Sciences
Now Offering: MS in Coaching & Exercise Sciences

The nationally renowned Master of Arts in Coaching and Athletics Administration (MCAA) program has expanded to offer a Master of Science in Coaching and Exercise Sciences. The M.S. program provides a comprehensive study of human movement in the context of educational athletics. The coursework is designed to provide students with background knowledge and experience for professional careers in educational athletics including teaching, coaching, performance enhancement, fitness and health promotion.

LEARN MORE

Curriculum

We’ve structured the Master's in Coaching and Athletics Administration program so working professionals like you can fit it into your schedule. Building on the foundation of 5 core courses (20 units), you can then customize your curriculum with 4 elective courses (16 units) to earn either your Master of Arts or Master of Science degree (36 units total). In either your Master of Arts in Coaching & Athletics Administration or Master of Science in Coaching & Exercise Sciences degree, every course will provide training that is immediately applicable to your current position. You will enhance your leadership and administrative skills while working toward your future goals.

MASTER'S IN COACHING: CORE COURSES (MA + MS)
20 Units
MSCE 510: Principles of Coaching and Leadership
4

This foundational course examines the key fundamentals of coaching excellence within five critical domains: Perspective, Purpose, Principles, Provision, and Practices. Students will be equipped to develop and create their own athlete-centered Philosophy of Coaching, including detailing their vision, mission, and values, describing the type and style of coach they are or aspire to become, plans for creating an effective culture, instilling strong character in athletes, and maximizing growth and learning in the classroom and on the field/gym. Emphasis is placed on understanding types of coaching, including transactional, pragmatic, relational, and transformational, and the impact each of these have on young people. Leadership in athletics will be analyzed through the prism of effectively meeting the essential needs of young people while developing and enhancing essential coaching characteristics, skills, and abilities.

MSCE 530: Ethics And Sport
4

This course equips coaches and administrators to make decisions which reflect an awareness of the moral and ethical dimensions of issues encountered in sport, while applying standards of ethics informed by Christian teachings. Students will analyze the relationship between professional responsibility, personal belief, loyalty, honesty and integrity. Students will also review and incorporate research into a thesis, action plan, analysis, project or professional activity in coaching or athletic administration. Finally, students will develop strategies to infuse character development into sport.

MSCE 550: Research Methods and Analysis
4

This course is an intensive course that provides hands-on experience analyzing research studies, interpreting data, designing studies and preparation of APA style research presentations (papers).

MSCE 580: Legal Aspect of Sport
4

The course provides several important legal aspects in sport, athletic administration and coaching. Included will be an analysis of the application of law to sport, liability, negligence law, intentional torts, criminal acts, contract law, gender equity/Title IX, sexual harassment, ADA and related legislation, and sports employment law. Special emphasis is placed on knowing and understanding the Fourteen Legal Duties of Athletic Personnel, and then effectively applying those duties in coaching and competitive situations.

MSCE 595: Culminating Project
4

In this course students will develop a comprehensive portfolio through the application of the knowledge and skills related to the student's specific area of coaching. Concurrent enrollment in other courses is not permitted to ensure the student successfully passes and meets degree program requirements for graduation. Therefore, this class must be taken last. Graduation Application Fee: $185. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.

Master of Arts in Coaching and Athletics Administration: Choose 4 Elective Courses (16 units)
Master of Science in Coaching and Exercise Sciences: Choose 4 Elective Courses (16 units)
Building Your Professional Portfolio

We’re not satisfied with handing you a degree and sending you away with a hand-shake. Concordia Irvine wants to prepare you to level up by curating a professional portfolio along the way. Our capstone requirement sends you out armed with a collection of work that gives you a leg up on the competition.

LEARN MORE
Tuition & Financial Aid
Tuition/Fee	Cost
Student Services Fee	$50/one-time payment
Student Success Fee	$50/semester
Tuition	$582/unit
Books	$800 - $1,000

We're proud to offer our master's degrees in coaching at a competitive tuition price with financial aid available. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

As an added benefit, we're proud to offer a $1,000 scholarship to all new students when you begin the program.

Note: Scholarship Athletes, Graduate Assistants, and students receiving a Concordia Faculty/Staff Waiver are not eligible for the $1,000 scholarship.

SEE FINANCIAL AID

Professional Training
Listen to Experts & Elevate Your Game
A Podcast Series with iHeartMedia
Online Clinic
California Coaches Conference
Conference Classes
Official Partner
Fully Accredited
Certified Preparation
Yellow Ribbon School
Official Master’s Degree
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

