https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/church-work/director-of-christian-education-program/distinctives
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

Church Work | Director of Christian Education

Distinctives
Requirements
Alternate Certification Routes
Fieldwork
Internship
Request Info
Apply Now
Director of Christian Education (DCE)
PROGRAM DISTINCTIVES
Christ College
DCE Program Distinctives

God calls us into ministry and provides pathways to prepare us for our area of service. At Concordia University Irvine, we take seriously our part in preparing students for a lifetime of service to Christ and His kingdom.

Our approach to the formation of a DCE consists of three interrelated areas:

Theological Formation, which focuses on gaining a solid understanding of the Christian faith as taught by the Lutheran Confessions, as well as the ability to make application of Lutheran theology in the practice of daily ministry.
Character Formation, which focuses on gaining the integrity, attitude, moral fiber, and personal disposition necessary for service of the church in Christ’s kingdom.
Skill Formation, which focuses on the practical skills necessary to strategically plan, implement, and evaluate Christian education ministry in congregations of the LCMS.

We provide this quality formation for ministry through the practical ministry experience of our faculty and program directors. This strength bears out in our teaching as well as our emphasis on the fieldwork experience.

The DCE program is a part of Christ College, providing you with strong mentoring relationships with the strongest theology faculty in the Concordia University System.

The DCE program focuses on life-span ministry, preparing you to work with people of all ages. You may minor in specific ministry areas, such as Worship Arts Leadership, Cross Cultural Studies, Early Childhood, Missiology, Youth Ministry, or in any other minor the university offers.

The DCE program includes a strong fieldwork component. You are assigned to a fieldwork church as early as your freshman year and continually connect classroom learning to the congregation. This also provides you with DCE or pastor mentors throughout the program.

The DCE program incorporates a strong element of assessment through the use of growth plans used throughout the fieldwork component of instruction. You will have regular assessment of your theological, character, and skill formation.

Concordia’s quality Global Programs offer you study abroad opportunities that connect with your preparation for ministry.

The Christian Education Leadership major is separate from the DCE program, which enables students of various denominations to enroll in the major and prepare for Christian education ministry within their church bodies.

DCE students build relationships with other church work students through the Christ College courses. Taking these courses together strengthens present and future relationships between ministers in the various church work professions.

This program provides great opportunities for networking with local DCE's eager to share their wisdom in formal class settings and informally over lunch.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

