https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/undergraduate/majors/theological-studies
Skip to Main Content

Search
Undergraduate
Academics 
Campus Life 
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admission 
Contact 
Apply Now
Theological Studies
Majors
Minors 
Get Started
Theological Studies
CHRIST COLLEGE
EXPLORE 
 Apply Now  Visit Concordia  Talk to a Counselor  Request Info  Virtual Tour  Deposit
Theological Studies at Concordia

Our undergraduate theology majors are foundational for training you for a life of service - whether it is through children’s ministry, youth programs, teaching, pastoral ministry, or missions. From its founding, Concordia’s Christ College has focused on equipping students to carry out the Great Commission given by Jesus in Mark 16:15, "Go into all the world and proclaim the gospel to the whole creation."

Majors Offered
Ministry Leadership

The forward-looking Bachelor of Arts in Ministry Leadership major is part of the Center for Church Leadership at Concordia University Irvine which aims to equip and form the next generation of pastors and ministry directors through academic course work, spiritual formation, and hands-on ministry experience.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT MINISTRY LEADERSHIP

Theological Studies: Biblical Languages

This major is focused on preparation for ministry and equips you to share your knowledge of the Christian faith in professional church vocations or through your work and service in your community.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THEOLOGICAL STUDIES: BIBLICAL LANGUAGES

Theological Studies: Christian Education Leadership

This major is for students who are interested in a full-time church ministry role such as Director of Christian Education (DCE), youth group leader, camp director or serving as a missionary nationally or internationally.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THEOLOGICAL STUDIES: CHRISTIAN EDUCATION LEADERSHIP

Theology

This major delves into a well-rounded study of the nature of God as He is revealed in the Scriptures, along with the subdisciplines of biblical interpretation, doctrine, comparative religions, church history, and applied theology.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THEOLOGY

We also offer masters degrees in Church Leadership and Theology.
What Christ College Students Are Saying
I’m so thankful for the Biblical Languages program at CUI. It not only gave me a fantastic preparation before going to seminary, but also challenged me and helped me to grow in ways that I never expected.

Kendall Davis '16

Theological Studies: Biblical Languages

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
About Christ College

The purpose of Christ College is to enable students to understand, communicate, teach, defend, and believe the Christian faith through systematic inquiry of the Bible, the doctrines of the church, and other statements of faith. Christ College also equips students for professional church vocations in their chosen field. The school guides students interested in receiving certification for ministerial vocations in The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS).

Get in Touch

For more information about the Theology or Theological Studies: Biblical Languages major at Concordia University Irvine, we invite you to contact Steve Mueller.

Steve Mueller
Dean of Christ College
steve.mueller@cui.edu
(949) 214-3386

For questions about the Theological Studies: Christian Education Leadership major, please contact Rebecca Duport.

Rebecca Duport
Director, DCE Program
rebecca.duport@cui.edu
(949) 214-3621

For questions about the Entrepreneurial Ministry Leadership major, please contact Jonathan Ruehs.

Jonathan Ruehs
Director, Center for Church Leadership
(949) 214-3114
jonathan.ruehs@cui.edu

Get Started
Request Info

Provide us your contact information, and one of our admissions counselors will be happy to send you more information about our programs.

First Name
Last Name
Email

REQUEST INFO

Schedule a Visit

Attend an information meeting online or face-to-face. We will discuss the application process, financial aid, payment plans, and more.

SEP

14

USA Cheer and Stunt Combine
September 14, 7:00 AM
CU Arena (Gym)

SCHEDULE A VISIT

Apply Now

Are you ready to get started? Our online application is available 24/7. Begin your journey now and hear from a counselor once you finish.

APPLY NOW

Explore the Opportunities
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Talk to a Counselor
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Deposit
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

