https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/financial-aid/graduate/loans
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Financial Aid
Types of Aid
Partnerships
Debt Management
Access Your Offer
Staff
Resources
Loan Programs
GRADUATE FINANCIAL AID
Loans

A loan is money you borrow and must repay with interest under varying terms and conditions.

If you decide to take out a loan, make sure you understand who is making (i.e. offering) the loan and the terms and conditions of the loan. Student loans can come from the federal government, from private sources such as a bank or financial institution, or from other organizations. Federal student loans are available to most students regardless of income and provide a range of repayment options.

While it is important to be cautious of irresponsible borrowing, loans are considered an integral part of a student's Financial Aid package. Please carefully review the different types of loans available below and consider each one as a viable option for financing a college education.

Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loan

Direct Unsubsidized Loans are loans offered to eligible undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. Under this program, the U.S. Department of Education is your lender. You are not required to show financial need to receive a Direct Unsubsidized Loan. For more information on Direct Unsubsidized loans, including loan limits, terms and current rates/fees, click here.

Graduate students at Concordia University Irvine who file a FAFSA are only eligible to receive Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loans.

Federal Direct PLUS Loan for Graduate Students

Direct PLUS Loans are federal loans that graduate or professional students can use to help pay for education expenses not covered by other financial aid. Under this program, the U.S. Department of Education is your lender. Eligibility is based on certain factors. An application and credit check are required for the PLUS loan. The maximum loan amount is the cost of attendance minus any other financial aid received.

To apply for a PLUS loan, follow the steps listed below:

File a FAFSA.
Note: You must accept all available funding through FAFSA before you can be considered for a PLUS loan
Apply for a PLUS Loan.
Complete a Direct PLUS Loan MPN.
If denied, you will be given detailed information on the options for qualifying by obtaining an endorser or appealing a credit decision, along with instructions on how to complete the required PLUS Counseling.

For more information on the Direct PLUS Loan program, interest rates and fees, terms, and loan limits please visit the Federal Student Aid website.

Private | Alternative Loan

Private or alternative student loans are loans for undergraduate and graduate students from private sources, such as a bank or financial institution, generally used to supplement Federal Direct Loans.

How to shop for a Private | Alternative loan – An Overview
Rate: Varies from lender to lender. Fixed vs. Variable. Which is right for you?
Fees: Depends upon the specific lender and loan program.
Term: Typically between 5-15 years.
Loan Limits: Cost of Attendance minus all other financial aid the student receives.
Lender List: click here
Private loan consolidation
Where can I find information about the federal student loans I have received?

Login to the Federal Student Aid website and select "My Aid" to view information about all of the federal student loans, and other financial aid, you have received. You can also get the contact information for your loan servicer here.

Note: Private student loans will not be included here.

Debt Management

Find resources curated by the Financial Aid Office to assist you in your post-education debt-management needs.

DEBT MANAGEMENT
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

