https://www.cui.edu/alumni/mentor-program
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Alumni Association
CUI Connect
Benefits
Events
Mentor Program
Groups 
Alumni Fund
Awards
Update Info
FAQ
Contact Us
Illuminating Mentorship Program
Illuminating Mentorship Program

The Illuminating Mentorship Program is intended to foster relationships between alumni and students through one-on-one guidance, advice, and communication. Student "Mentees" are paired with Alumni "Illuminators" based on major and/or anticipated industry with an alumnus in a similar career. This program is meant to add value to a student's education and experience at Concordia.

Launching in October and concluding in April, the Illuminating Mentorship Program offers monthly topics and tips to guide both the mentee and Illuminator through a successful partnership that is mutually beneficial. All interactions are recommended to be digital and the mentees are encouraged to take initiative to set up at least 3-5 phone calls, video chats, or emails. 

The Illuminating Mentorship Program is managed through Concordia Connect: the gateway to the Golden Eagle Network. Concordia Connect is a hub for students, alumni, faculty, staff, and parents to offer and seek help with mentorship, internship, industry advice, resume review, and more. Access to Concordia Connect's Business Directory and Resources gives users exclusive offers and networking opportunities, too! Download the Concordia Connect app for faster access on the Google Play Story (search "Concordia Connect") or Apple Store (search "Graduway Community" and then select Concordia University Irvine).

STUDENT SIGN-UP

2022-2023 IMPORTANT DATES:

Now: Register on Concordia Connect using your LinkedIn profile or email address.

Alumni: be sure to select "willing to help mentor" when registering
Students: be sure to select "seeking help mentor" when registering

October 7: Registration deadline.
October 14: Mentor pairings confirmed.
October 18: 5:30 pm - 6:30 pm PST Virtual Launch Event - Live Zoom meeting (free gift for all mentors and mentees present!)

JOIN VIRTUAL LAUNCH

Questions? Please reach out!

The Office of Alumni Relations
(949) 214-3178
alumni@cui.edu

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

