https://www.cui.edu/alumni/mcaa-alumni
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Alumni Association
CUI Connect
Benefits
Events
Mentor Program
Groups 
Alumni Fund
Awards
Update Info
FAQ
Contact Us
MCAA Alumni
ALUMNI
ON THIS PAGE 
MCAA Alumni

As a CUI MCAA Alumni working in and serving your community, your alma mater is here to support you far beyond your time as a graduate student! The unique challenges and triumphant successes you face daily are understood and shared within this community and you are an integral part of the MCAA network. The faculty, staff, current students, and alumni who have come before you are ready and willing to come alongside you to support your efforts, making a difference in the world as a team.

Exclusive Benefits

In addition to the benefits available to you as a Concordia University Irvine degree-holder, you also have access to the following perks:

Free admission to the California Coaches Conference (a $149 value!)
Save the date: 2022 California Coaches Conference June 27 - July 1st.
Free classes during the California Coaches Conference! Plus, join online for future courses at a discounted rate!
Share your story! Be a guest speaker at a future MCAA Event in your area.
Did you know? Your @eagles.cui.edu email is available to use for life – as long as it’s checked at least once every six months.
Where are our MCAA Alumni?

CUI Connect
Reconnect • Mentor • Expand • Advance

Nearly 20,000 CCI & CUI Alumni live, work, and serve throughout the world. Network beyond the typical business card trade with CUI Connect! Join today and get instant access to job opportunities, alumni-to-student mentorship program, easy-to-search directory, and so much more! There’s also an app: search “CUI Connect” in Google Play or App Store.

CUI Connect provides access to the entire Eagle community, but you can network with just other MCAA Alumni within GROUPS! Post updates that just your group can see, list Events for just your group, and Photos only you can all view!
MCAA GROUP

2019 MCAA Awards of Excellence
Alecia Ivery
MCAA Award of Excellence

Owner, Girls in the Game

Carl Galloway
Dave Cowen Servant
Leadership Award

Vista Murrieta High School

Ron Nocetti
MCAA Award of Excellence

CIF State

Misty May-Treanor
MCAA Award of Excellence

Olympian Sand Volleyball

Dean Vieselmeyer
Lifetime Achievement Award

Concordia University Irvine

Randy Esraelian
MCAA Award of Excellence

Selma High School

Matt Carpenter
MCAA Award of Excellence

Yucaipa High School

Alumni in the News
Chris Acker Selected As The New Head Men’s Basketball Coach At Long Beach State

Long Beach State - 4/2/2024

Fred Chmeil Named Head Women's Basketball Coach at Bowling Green State University

The State - 4/10/2023

Jason Negro named High School Football America National Coach of the Year

High School Football America - 1/13/2023

Margueritte Aozasa Pac 12 Coach of the Year, Regional Coach of the Year and First Rookie Head Coach to win the NCAA Division 1 Women's soccer Championship

Sports Illustrated - 12/13/2022

Margueritte Aozasa hired as UCLA Women's Soccer Head Coach

UCLA Bruins - 4/7/2022

Misty May-Treanor '13 inducted into U.S. Olympic & Paralympic Hall of Fame

The Orange County Register - 11/22/2019

Natasha Wilson Hired As VP For Student Life & Athletics at Central Methodist

Victory Sports Network - 5/30/2019

Chad Johnson Named Football Coach at Mission Viejo

OC Register - 12/13/2017

Chris Richardson '09 to lead Team USA Track & Field as Women's Head Coach at 25th annual Thorpe Cup

USA Track & Field - 6/7/2018

President Trump announces intent to appoint Misty May-Treanor '13 co-chair of President’s Council on Sports, Fitness, and Nutrition

The White House - 5/4/2018

Jolinda Miller '17 takes home Athletic Director of the Year award at Cincinnati.com Sports Awards

Cincinnati.com - 4/23/2018

‘Girls in the Game’ helps young Chicago girls get help with PTSD

The Undefeated - 4/13/2017

The greatest gift you can give is a future student!

The Masters in Coaching and Athletics Administration program enhances leadership and administrative skills while building professional growth for coaches and athletic administrators. The MCAA experience is top-ranked and renowned for its positive and practical approach in the world of educational athletics.

Through participation in Concordia University Irvine’s Masters in Coaching and Athletics Administration programs you will:

Grow professionally with a relevant curriculum and approach to coaching and athletic leadership.
Strengthen your teaching, coaching, and administrative abilities in a nationally acclaimed educational environment.
Define your philosophy and practice of coaching, athletics, and leadership.
Build and maintain a national professional network of athletic leaders with diverse perspectives and experiences.
Enhance character development and ethical leadership in a faith-based environment.
ACCOLA