https://www.cui.edu/alumni/alumni-fund
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Alumni Association
CUI Connect
Benefits
Events
Mentor Program
Groups 
Alumni Fund
Awards
Update Info
FAQ
Contact Us
EAGLES HELPING EAGLES GRANT FUND
Alumni Association
Learn about the fund’s student impact.
Read story »
Golden Eagles Helping Golden Eagles

The Golden Eagles Helping Golden Eagles Grant Fund is an application-based fund which invests in projects that benefit student life, and/or the Concordia community at large.

Each student club/org is invited to apply for a grant that will support their initiatives with preference given to funding projects that will have a lasting impact on campus by improving the students' educational experience.

Clubs/orgs can apply throughout the year and there is no limit on the amount a student club/org can request. The Golden Eagles Helping Golden Eagles Grand Fund Committee meets quarterly (October/January/ April/ July) to make recommendations to the Alumni Board of Directors for funding. Urgent requests that cannot wait until the next Board meeting may be considered by the Committee, subject to certain limitations.

This fund is funded by CUI's generous alumni family and managed by volunteers from the CUI Alumni Board who serve on the Golden Eagles Helping Golden Eagles Grant Fund committee.

APPLY HERE

The Golden Eagles Helping Golden Eagles Grant Fund is supported completely by donations from friends like you. Together, we can help future alumni through their CUI experience, becoming wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens. Every dollar counts!

DONATE
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

