https://www.cui.edu/alumni/current-awards
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Alumni Association
CUI Connect
Benefits
Events
Mentor Program
Groups 
Alumni Fund
Awards
Update Info
FAQ
Contact Us
Alumni Association
ALUMNI AWARDS
ON THIS PAGE 
Alumni Awards of Distinction

Since 2002, Concordia University Irvine has recognized distinguished alumni with the Alumnus of the Year Awards in both Professional Achievement and Distinguished Service. In 2020, we also started recognizing a G.O.L.D. (graduate of the last decade) alumni recipient Selected by the CUI Alumni Association Board of Directors, our goal is to pay tribute to alumni and recognize their outstanding achievements and service to Concordia, their community, and/or their professions

Recipients of an Alumni Award will receive:

Special Recognition at Homecoming (January 14, 2023) & Gala of Stars (April 29, 2023)
Two free tickets to the Gala of Stars (a $300 value)

NOMINATION FORM

Congratulations to the 2024 Alumni of the Year!
Alumnus of the Year: Professional Achievement Award
Jason Negro MCAA '21

Head Football Coach - St. John Bosco

Professional Achievement Award is presented to an individual who is respected as an exceptional contributor and authority in his or her professional discipline and who has demonstrated outstanding qualities of character and leadership.

Alumnus of the Year: Distinguished Service Award
Alex Guebert '11

Director of Worship and Music at St. John's Lutheran Church, Orange

Distinguished Service Award is presented to an individual based on significant contributions through service to his or her community, church, school, and/or alma mater.

G.O.L.D. Achievement Award
Shannon Bagnara '15

Licensed Clinical Professional Counselor, Compassion Wellness Services, Owner and counselor

G.O.L.D. ("Graduate Of the Last Decade") Alumni Achievement Award: An individual who has graduated within the last ten years and has excelled in his or her chosen profession and/or demonstrated a continued commitment to living a life reflective of Concordia Irvine’s mission & values.

Past Awards

View all past Alumnus of the Year, Distinguished Service, and Athletic Hall of Fame awards.

VIEW PAST AWARDS
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

