 for a year - $1,000
Cost of a new computer in the computer lab - $1,200
The cost to pay the electric bill for one day at CU - $1,275
Faculty instruction for one student in an undergraduate class - $5,000
The cost to run the University for one day - $82,375
Contribute to the scholarship fund for students in need - Any amount!

If you would like your gift to be used in a specific area please let us know. Visit cui.edu/giving for all the ways you can make an impact on a future student.

How Can I Leave a Legacy with an Alumni Brick or Locker?

One of the most exciting ways in which you can make a gift to Concordia and leave your name on campus is to purchase an alumni locker or brick. Your name will be engraved on a plaque installed on a music locker in the Borland-Manske Center for a $500 donation. The Alumni Bricks are set into Concordia's foundation for a $100 donation. Your donation contributes to the Alumni Fund, supporting student scholarships and alumni connections!

I need to order a transcript. How can I do that?

No problem! Visit the registrar, click on TRANSCRIPTS, and follow the prompts. You can also contact the Registrar directly at 949-214-3079 or registrar@cui.edu.

I’m a teacher and would like to add some Concordia swag to my walls – can you send me something?

We love showing our Concordia Pride! Send us an email to alumni@cui.edu to request some items. Please include:

Name
Class Year
School
Grade you teach

Items sent based on availability.

How do I join the Concordia Alumni Association (CUIAA)?

Once you earn a degree from Concordia University Irvine, you’re automatically a member of the Alumni Association and have “voting rights.” As a voting member, you are eligible to serve on the Alumni Board of Directors and vote on topics and decisions that affect the entire association.

What if I haven’t earned a degree, but attended Concordia?

Individuals who have not earned a degree from Concordia University Irvine, but who meet at least one of the following criteria, shall be eligible for membership, may apply for non-voting membership status, and may be designated as such by majority vote of the Board of Directors.

All persons who have earned a certificate, credential, colloquy or other designation from Concordia University Irvine
All persons upon whom Concordia University Irvine confers honorary degrees
All persons who are interested in membership and who serve or have served the university as an employee.
The Executive Director of Constituent Relations and the Director of Alumni & Family Relations shall be non-voting, ex officio members of the Association, if not a degree-holding alumnus/a.
Is there a cost to be a member of the CUIAA?

Nope! It’s free to be a member and have access to all the great benefits and opportunities. Love giving back? So do we! You can give of your TIME volunteering at various events throughout the year (watch monthly e-newsletters!), your TALENTS through CUI Connect, and your TREASURES to help students fulfill their degree with an annual Alumni Scholarship from the Alumni Fund.

My insurance will give me a discount as a member of an alumni association. How do I confirm I’m a member of the CUIAA?

A few ways!

Email us the request at alumni@cui.edu with your name, class year, mailing address, agent’s name, email, and phone number. We’ll take it from there!
Give your agent our email: alumni@cui.edu and they can reach out directly.
Have your agent call us at 949-214-3176 to confirm your membership verbally.

 

Have a question not answered here? Reach out!

Tamara Sauer '02, MAOL ' 18, Senior Director of Annual Giving and Alumni & Family Engagement
tamara.sauer@cui.edu
949-214-3178

Haley Marrujo '14, MBA '15, Assistant Director of Annual Giving & Alumni Engagement
haley.marrujo@cui.edu
949-214-3176

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

