https://www.cui.edu/alumni/faq
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Alumni Association
CUI Connect
Benefits
Events
Mentor Program
Groups 
Alumni Fund
Awards
Update Info
FAQ
Contact Us
FAQ
How Do I Get Involved?

Giving of yourself is one of the most powerful ways in which you can give back to your Alma Mater. The CUI Alumni Association offers many programs in which you can become involved and offer your voice and expertise on-campus.

Volunteer to greet new students & families!
New Student Move-In Day (August): Provide drinks and refreshments to new students and their families as they moved into the residence halls.

Photos & Floats Send Off (August): Serve students and their families a traditional root beer float in a traditional plastic CUI cup before they say goodbye! There’s also a fun photo booth for that final selfie together.

Scarving (August): Welcome new students on the first day of school and foreshadow their future "Alumni status" with CUI's award winning tradition of scarving!

Eat & Greet Alumni Panel (October & April): Network with current students, guiding them along their journey before graduation with advice on jobs, resume writing, relationships, and more!

Homecoming (Jan/ Feb): Help with planning and events on this exciting day full of reminiscing and fun for all ages!

Senior Send Off (May): Enjoy a meal & fellowship with graduating students and their families just before they walk across that stage and enter the next phase of their life!

Contact the Alumni Office for more information by calling 949-241-3178 or email alumni@cui.edu.

Reunions!
Do you want to help organize a class reunion for your graduating class? If so, please email alumni@cui.edu.

Were you involved with a club and want to see your friends again? Want to reminisce with friends from your residence hall? Visit CUI Connect to join the online community and reconnect with students who shared your experience. Also, email alumni@cui.edu and let us know! We can help you organize your reunion.

Host a "Dine with Alum" Event!
If you live within 30 minutes of campus you can volunteer to host a dinner for CUI students. As the host of "Dine with an Alum" you may choose the time, date and number of students you wish to host, and the Alumni office will take care of your guest list. You may choose to host a specific group of students such as Inreach, SHOUT or you can host students within a specific discipline or major. This is a great opportunity for you to meet with current students and to learn first hand what changes are taking place on campus.

Host a Regional Event!
Do you live far from campus? Other alumni do too! If you are interested in hosting, or simply being involved in a regional event in your area, please let us know. We are very interested in hearing from alumni currently living in Los Angeles, Phoenix, Las Vegas, Northern California, Palm Springs and St. Louis. We would love to help coordinate an event in your area!

Actively Pray for the CUI Community!
The Lord has blessed Concordia University in many ways. We ask for your continued prayers as we continue to grow and provide a challenging education to future church workers and business leaders. Your time and prayers are greatly appreciated!

How Can I Impact a Future Student?

No matter the donation, every dollar counts. Our alma mater is ranked on number of Alumni who give – not the dollar amount given. Together, we can make a difference in the life of future alumni!

What can your gift be used for?

A gift of any amount is very significant to Concordia University! Here are just a few ways that your contribution dollars can be put to great use at CU:

Assist in purchasing new equipment for the athletic program - $25
Purchase a book for the CU library - $50
The cost of career assessments for a CU student - $65
The cost to keep the library open for one additional hour - $125
Fund an additional student Alumni Scholarship for a year - $1,000
Cost of a new computer in the computer lab - $1,200
The cost to pay the electric bill for one day at CU - $1,275
Faculty instruction for one student in an undergraduate class - $5,000
The cost to run the University for one day - $82,375
Contribute to the scholarship fund for students in need - Any amount!

If you would like your gift to be used in a specific area please let us know. Visit cui.edu/giving for all the ways you can make an impact on a future student.

How Can I Leave a Legacy with an Alumni Brick or Locker?

One of the most exciting ways in which you can make a gift to Concordia and leave your name on campus is to purchase an alumni locker or brick. Your name will be engraved on a plaque installed on a music locker in the Borland-Manske Center for a $500 donation. The Alumni Bricks are set into Concordia's foundation for a $100 donation. Your donation contributes to the Alumni Fund, supporting student scholarships and alumni connections!

I need to ord