https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/graduate/maed/curriculum-instruction
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

MAED: Curriculum & Instruction

Program Design 
Faculty
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions
Info Meetings
Contact 
Apply Now
MASTER OF ARTS IN EDUCATION: CURRICULUM & INSTRUCTION
School of Education
EXPLORE 
Greg McFall '07
California Teacher of the Year
Curriculum & Instruction
Master of Arts in Education

An emphasis in Curriculum and Instruction focuses on the improvement of school programs through the application of emerging best-practices for teaching based on current research, innovative technology integration, and cutting-edge classroom strategies. Concordia University Irvine’s program provides the opportunity for teachers to continue working while having the option between completing one or two courses at a time. The 30-unit program provides the opportunity for the educator to advance in pedagogical practice, curriculum development, and leadership skills.

Request Info
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
ZIP Code 
Phone 

International? Enter ‘00000’

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

SEND NOW
Curriculum Overview

The MAEd in Curriculum and Instruction program requires 30 units and can be completed in 10 months. MAEd coursework integrates research-based teaching and learning methods that align collaborative scholarship and best practice for educators to become experts in their field. Students who complete this degree are also eligible to take an accelerated path to earning a second MAEd in Learning, Design, and Technology with only 5 additional courses.

SAMPLE COURSES
EDU 520: Curriculum Design and Assessment
3

This course will provide students with an intensive study of pedagogical approaches and materials for teaching including state curriculum documents, the curricular recommendations of professional associations, recommendations that have emerged from recent educational research, and the recommendations of recent reform movements. Specific emphasis will be given to the study of alternative approaches to curriculum theory, design, practice, and evaluation.


EDU 550: Educational Discourses: Change and Reform
3

This course will examine the historical, legal, social, political, ethical, and economic perspectives that have impacted schools in America as students examine the dynamics of curriculum change and the key role leaders play in creating a learning community. Opportunity will be provided for students to debate the problems and possible approaches in dealing with the issues confronting schools with an emphasis on the importance of involving communities in the life of a school. Persons and groups involved in establishing and developing educational policies will be discussed and the practice of meeting the diverse needs of the public will be explored.


EDR 580: Educational Research
3

This course will provide students with an introduction to educational research by exploring problems or issues in education, qualitative research methods, and analyzing research articles. Students will learn the essentials needed to carry out the research process and begin their capstone project, which will be completed in 605.


VIEW FULL CURRICULUM

MAED Term Start Dates
Start Term	Start Date
Summer 1	May 6, 2024
Summer 2	June 24, 2024

All dates subject to change without notice. Always check dates with your advisor before finalizing any trips.

Complete your Master's degree in Curriculum & Instruction by enrolling in our fully-online, asynchronous program. Within our two-year track, learners will take one course at a time for each 8 week term. Within our one-year track, learners will take two courses at a time for each 8 week term.

This asynchronous learning environment provides the flexibility ideal for busy educators. Our fully-online courses require no face-to-face, on-campus sessions or required synchronous sessions. This accommodating modality consists entirely of online elements that facilitate student interactions with the innovative content, the instructor, and with other online learners.

APPLY NOW

Tuition/Fee	Summer '24, Fall '24 / Spring '25
Non-refundable Application Fee	$50
Non-refundable Application Fee: International	$150
Graduation Fee	Graduation Fee
Student Success Fee	$50
Cost per Unit	$685
Tuition & Financial Aid

Concordia’s School of Education offers a competitively priced online degree program. For your convenience we offer payment plans for our graduate students. Our counselors are available to help you plan how to finance your education. We can also walk you through the process of applying for financial aid.

VIEW TUITION & FINANCIAL AID

Success Spotlight
Kimberly Persiani: Early Online Advocate

Dr. Kimberly Persiani remembers living in San Francisco in 2001 while getting her EdD in International and Multicultural Education. To help pay the bills, she landed a part-time gig teaching a UC Santa Cruz extension course — but the commute was too far. “I asked if they would let me teach the class online using an online teaching system I had heard about,” Persiani says. “They said, ‘Sure, go for it, see how it works.’”

Erika Lopez

Although she earned her bachelor’s degree in Liberal Studies at Concordia University Irvine, it wasn’t until she was working on her teaching credential that Erika Lopez’s aspirations really began to bloom. She began the program to earn her Multiple Subject teaching credential, while working as a special education paraprofessional for La Habra City School District. Soon, Lopez recognized, “I fell in love with special ed and knew this is where my heart was. I felt so passionate about the field of special education.”

Master Teacher: Greg McFall

Greg McFall, MAED ’07 came from three generations of teachers, but it took him a while to find his own way into the classroom. When he did, he was named California Teacher of the Year for his innovative and relational teaching style at public schools in Orange County.

Kati Bennett named High School Teacher of the Year

Kati Bennett was named High School Teacher of the Year for the Capistrano Unified School District, in part because of a program she created in a Concordia University class. The program, called Student to Student, helps English as a second language (ESL) students integrate into the public high school environment.



Previous Story


Next Story
School of Education

Concordia’s School of Education offers four different teaching credentials, seven distinctive Master of Arts in Education (MAEd) graduate degrees, and a Doctorate of Education (EdD) in Leadership. Classes are small and focused on the development of critical, independent thinking, and are taught by experienced Christian faculty members. Concordia’s School of Education enjoys an excellent reputation in the academic community as thousands of graduates lead in schools throughout the region. Students gain targeted knowledge and proficient skills to connect, care, collaborate, and create in their unique role in education. Our goal is to equip students to pursue opportunities and advance their career.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT THE SCHOOL OF EDUCATION

Admission Requirements

Applicant must hold a valid bachelor's degree or higher from a regionally accredited institution, or an international evaluation by a NACES-approved evaluation agency verifying the equivalent of a regionally accredited U.S. bachelor's degree or higher.

To complete your MAED Curriculum and Instruction (cohort or online) admission file you will need the following:

Online application
$50 non-refundable application fee
Official copies of highest degree granting institution transcripts
Cumulative GPA of 2.75 or better
APPLY NOW
Request Info
Join Our Community
Apply Now
Request Info
Attend an Info Night
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

