eutics
NUSA 292 Med/Surg Clinical
Adult Medical/Surgical Nursing Clinical Coordinator
Mationg, Lizette, MSN, RN, PHN, CNOR, RNFA
(949) 214-3284
lizette.mationg@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Nursing

Prof. Mationg has been a practicing operating room nurse since 2001. She has been teaching in nursing education since 2007 and specifically for Concordia University’s ABSN program since 2009. Prof. Mationg has been a part of multiple mission trips during her time at Concordia University Irvine including trips to China, Guatemala, Mexico, Costa Rica, and Belize. She has been practicing as an RN First Assist (RNFA) since 2017 and actively works in this field while concurrently teaching in the ABSN program. She is an active volunteer at her local church along with her husband and two sons.

Education
Doctor of Nursing Practice, Chatham University, projected completion 2024
Registered Nurse First Assist Program, National Institute of First assisting, 2017
Lactation Educator Counselor, University of California San Diego, 2010
Master of Science in Nursing, Walden University, 2008
Bachelor of Science in Nursing, California State University Long Beach, 2001
Teaching
Concordia University Irvine - Current: Pathophysiology & Community Health Clinical, faculty applications for Blackboard, Microsoft Office, and Google Drive
Previously co-taught: Fundamentals of Nursing, Med-Surg Nursing theory, Research, Pharmacology Theory, Pharmacology Lab
Other – Kaplan NCLEX prep
CNOR Prep Curriculum (MSN Capstone project)
LVN Med-surg theory and lab
Certifications
BLS (Basic Life Support)
ACLS (Advanced Cardiac Life Support)
PALS (Pediatric Advanced Life Support)
Certified Nurse in the Operating Room (CNOR)
Certified Registered Nurse of First Assisting (CRNFA)
Specialty Roles
Documentation Technology Coordinator
Outcomes Coordinator
Mission Trip Coordinator
ACE Committee Member
MSN Thesis Project Committee Member
Clinical Workplaces
St. Joseph Hospital, Orange
Main Street Specialty Surgery Center, Orange
Saddleback Surgery Center
Specialty Surgical Center, Irvine
Providence Building, Orange
Restore Orthopedics, Orange
Surgical Staff, Inc., Culver City
SONA Med Spa, Costa Mesa
Natalini-Whitmore, Tiffani, EdD, MSN, RN, PCCN-K
(949)-214-3801
tiffani.nataliniwhitmore@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Nursing

Dr. Tiffani Natalini-Whitmore joined the faculty of the nursing department as a full time faculty member in July 2018 after teaching in an adjunct capacity at Concordia University Irvine for the previous 5 semesters. Tiffani has a B.S. in movement science from The University of Michigan, an M.S. in ergonomics also from The University of Michigan, an A.D.N. from College of the Desert, an M.S. in nursing from The University of Phoenix, and an EdD in nursing education from Southern Connecticut State University. Dr. Natalini is interested in developing faculty and her dissertation was entitled The Effect of Mentorship on Structural Empowerment for Novice Clinical Adjunct Nursing Faculty. Dr. Natalini is named on a federal patent for 4-point seatbelt design. The work she did while working in the research lab for Ford Motor Company helped lead to this patent. Dr. Natalini is originally from Michigan but has lived in Southern California since 2001. Aside from teaching, she also enjoys spending time with her husband, traveling the world, and learning about different cultures and people.

Dr. Natalini teaches in the ABSN program focusing mainly on medical surgical nursing theory, pharmacology lab, and clinical instruction.  Dr. Natalini also serves on the Nursing Admissions and Progression committee as well as serving as a faculty advisor for Concordia Nursing Student Association, the student led nursing organization for the ABSN program.

Education
Ed.D. in nursing education (2023), Southern Connecticut State University
M.S.N. (2015), The University of Phoenix
A.D.N. (2005), College of the Desert
M.S. in industrial and operations engineering, ergonomics focus (2001), The University of Michigan
B.S. in kinesiology (1999), movement science focus, The University of Michigan
Teaching
NUSA 203 Adult Medical/Surgical Theory
NUSA 292 Adult Medical/Surgical Nursing Clinical
NUSA 294 Nursing Skills Lab
NUSA 296 Pharmacology Lab
Neeman, Dina, DNP, RN, PHN
(949)-214-3278
dina.neeman@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Nursing
Education
Doctorate of Nursing Practice 2015 Western University of Health Sciences
Masters of Science in Nursing 2012 Western University of Health Sciences
Teaching
Community Health Course Coordinator
Advanced Medical Surgical Nursing
Rae, Caroline, EdD, RN
(949) 214-3642
caroline.rae@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Nursing

Dr. Caroline Rae began her career in adult medical/surgical nursing and spent several years as a critical care nurse before transitioning into academia. She began her teaching career as an adjunct clinical instructor at Golden West College and joined Concordia University full time in 2014. She is currently an Associate 