), The University of Michigan
B.S. in kinesiology (1999), movement science focus, The University of Michigan
Teaching
NUSA 203 Adult Medical/Surgical Theory
NUSA 292 Adult Medical/Surgical Nursing Clinical
NUSA 294 Nursing Skills Lab
NUSA 296 Pharmacology Lab
Neeman, Dina, DNP, RN, PHN
(949)-214-3278
dina.neeman@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Nursing
Education
Doctorate of Nursing Practice 2015 Western University of Health Sciences
Masters of Science in Nursing 2012 Western University of Health Sciences
Teaching
Community Health Course Coordinator
Advanced Medical Surgical Nursing
Rae, Caroline, EdD, RN
(949) 214-3642
caroline.rae@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Nursing

Dr. Caroline Rae began her career in adult medical/surgical nursing and spent several years as a critical care nurse before transitioning into academia. She began her teaching career as an adjunct clinical instructor at Golden West College and joined Concordia University full time in 2014. She is currently an Associate Professor in the Department of Nursing. Dr. Rae has completed the Watson Caring Science Institute’s Caritas Coach Education Program ®. She serves on the Academic Student & Faculty Affairs Committee and is Faculty Advisor for Concordia University’s Nursing Student Association.

Dr. Rae is also an active community volunteer with extensive experience in disaster preparedness. She has served as the Chairperson of the Advisory Board for the Orange County Medical Reserve Corps and as a Captain with Anaheim’s Community Emergency Response Team and is a Red Cross volunteer. Dr. Rae is also a certified Stop the Bleed and CPR/BLS instructor.

She was a founding member of Psi Theta-at-Large (Concordia University Irvine's chapter of Sigma Theta Tau International Nursing Honor Society) where she currently serves as Vice-President. Previously, she served 2 terms as the Chairperson for the Orange County/Long Beach Consortium for Nursing.

Education
Caritas Coach ®, Watson Caring Science Institute, 2023
Doctorate of Education (EdD), University of La Verne, 2021
Master of Science in Nursing, Vanguard University Southern California, 2013
Bachelor of Science in Nursing, California State University Long Beach, 1992
Teaching

Coordinator: Nursing Skills Lab, Open Lab, & Adult Medical/Surgical Clinical

NUSA 201 Foundations of Nursing
NUSA 294 Nursing Skills Lab
NUSA 292 Adult Medical/Surgical Nursing Clinical
Smythe-Padgham, Cheryl, DNP, RN, WHNP-BC
(949) 214-3635
cheryl.smythe-padgham@cui.edu
Assistant Dean and Director of Nursing

Dr. Smythe-Padgham joined Concordia University Irvine in 2017 and serves as the Assistant Dean and Director of Nursing. She began her career as a labor and delivery nurse over 25 years ago. She went on to attain her Masters of Science in Nursing and Women’s Health Nurse Practitioner license in 1992 and worked in both private and community care settings in Orange and Los Angeles counties practicing primarily in underserved communities in order to serve the needs of women, mothers and babies. In 2009, she began her career in academia as a nursing faculty member. During her tenure, she served as an Assistant Dean and Interim Dean. She now proudly serves as the Assistant Dean/Director of Nursing in the Concordia Department of Nursing.

Education
Doctorate of Nursing Practice (DNP), Southern California State University Consortium
Master of Science in Nursing and Women's Health Nurse Practitioner, University of California, San Francisco
Bachelor of Science in Nursing, University of Southern California
Teaching
Women’s Health Care
Physical Assessment
Foundations of Nursing
Leadership/Management
Research

DNP project: Nurse Practitioner’s knowledge and use of the internet for adolescent health information

Publications/Presentations
(2016) contributions were added to the textbook Transcultural Nursing: Assessment and Intervention by Dr. Joyce Newman Giger.
(2015, March) Poster presentation of research at CANP Conference, Newport Beach, CA
(2014, November) Poster presentation of research at STTI Odyssey Nursing Research Conference, Ontario, CA
Vega-Belluscio, Elizabeth, DNP, RN, CNE, CHSE
(949)-214-3555
elizabeth.vega@cui.edu
Assistant Professor of Nursing / Simulationist

Nursing has been a dream and calling for me since I was four years old. While serving in the military as a computer technician, I studied nights and weekends to meet the prerequisites to get accepted into nursing school. Upon graduation from a traditional BSN nursing program with a minor in Nutrition, I was deployed to an overseas naval hospital in the Mediterranean area where I served for a term.

Labor & delivery was the bedside specialty area of my choice for twelve dynamic years. Academics recruited me with a post card asking “Could you see yourself as a Nursing Educator?” So I went back to school for a Masters with a specialty in Nursing Education. I entered the classroom as a lecturer in an Associate’s Degree program back east with additional areas of re