d could lower monthly payments by giving you up to 30 years to repay. Consolidating your loans does have RISKS along with BENEFITS. Before you submit your application make sure you take the time to study the pros and cons. For program details and to start an application, click here.

Private | Alternative Loans

Private Student Loans cannot be consolidated with Federal Student Loans however Private Student Loans may be consolidated into one new Private Student Loan. As with Federal Consolidation, there are both risks and benefits. Depending on your credit, income, outstanding debt and market rates you may be able to attain a lower interest rate than the average of your current private loans. Before you decide for sure to consolidate your private student loans, take the necessary time to shop, compare offers, know whether the rate is FIXED or VARIABLE and consider the risks and benefits.

Lender List: click here.

Understanding Default

Understand how missing a loan payment can be a problem, what default means and the consequences of default. See what the Department of Education says here.

Loan Deferment | Forbearance

A deferment or forbearance allows you to temporarily postpone making your student loan payments or to temporarily reduce the amount you pay.

Federal Loans

For complete information, click here.

Private | Alternative Loans

Deferment or Forbearance opportunities vary from lender to lender. If you are having trouble making your monthly private student loan payments, contact your lender immediately and inquire if a deferment or forbearance is an option for you. DO NOT ignore your lender if they are trying to reach you. Be upfront with them about your situation so they can best assess what options you may be eligible for that can help you.

Loan Forgiveness

In certain situations, you can have your federal student loans forgiven, canceled, or discharged. Learn more about the types of forgiveness and whether you qualify due to your job or other circumstances by clicking here.

Fresh Start Initiative

On April 6, 2022, the U.S. Department of Education (ED) announced an initiative—called “Fresh Start”—to help eligible borrowers in default. Fresh Start is a one-time temporary program from the U.S. Department of Education that offers special benefits for borrowers with defaulted federal student loans.

If your defaulted loans are eligible, Fresh Start will provide you with several benefits, including access to federal student aid and credit reporting changes. You will also get the opportunity to get out of default and keep benefits long term. However, you need to act to claim the full benefits of Fresh Start and get out of default.

The Fresh Start period will end on August 31, 2024. After that date, you will not be able to claim these benefits.

For more information the Fresh Start Initiative click here or go to the Federal Student Aid website.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

