every 2 years for up to 10 years. IMPORTANT NOTE: Under Graduated you will pay more in interest over time than if you selected Standard Repayment. For complete information, click here.

Extended
Extended allows you to “extend” the repayment period from 10 years to up to 25 years. IMPORTANT NOTE: Under Extended you will pay more in interest over time than if you selected Standard Repayment. This plan works best for borrowers whose loan burden is too large to bear the standard monthly payments over the course of just 10 years. For complete information, click here.

Income-Based (IBR)
Income-Based Repayment (IBR) is designed to reduce monthly payments to assist with making your student loan debt manageable. If you need to make lower monthly payments, this plan may be for you. To qualify for IBR, you must have a partial financial hardship. You have a partial financial hardship if the monthly amount you would be required to pay on your IBR-eligible federal student loans under a 10-year Standard Repayment Plan is higher than the monthly amount you would be required to repay under IBR. Your payment amount may increase or decrease each year based on your income and family size. Once you've initially qualified for IBR, you may continue to make payments under the plan even if you later no longer have a partial financial hardship. IMPORTANT NOTE: Under Income Based (IBR) you will pay more in interest over time than if you selected Standard Repayment. For complete information, click here.

Pay As You Earn
The Pay As You Earn Repayment Plan helps keep your monthly student loan payments affordable, and usually has the lowest monthly payment amount of the repayment plans that are based on your income. IMPORTANT NOTE: Under Pay As You Earn you will pay more in interest over time than if you selected Standard Repayment. For complete information, click here.

Income-Contingent (ICR)
Income-Contingent Repayment (ICR) takes into consideration annual income and family size as well as the total loan amounts. If a loan balance remains after 25 years, it may be forgiven. Unlike the IBR Plan, borrowers need not be facing financial hardship to qualify. This plan may be best for those borrowers who are not facing demonstrated financial hardship, but whose financial situation is insufficient to bear the monthly payments under other repayment plans. IMPORTANT NOTE: Under Income-Contingent (ICR) you will pay more in interest over time than if you selected Standard Repayment. For complete information, click here.

Income-Sensitive (FFEL Loans ONLY)
Income-Sensitive allows borrowers to pay a monthly amount that takes annual income into consideration. The length of the repayment period is up to 10 years and the balance is not forgiven at the end. IMPORTANT NOTE: Under Income-Sensitive you will pay more in interest over time than if you selected Standard Repayment. For complete information, click here.

Private | Alternative Loans

Most lenders do not offer repayment options. Repayment terms are typically determined at the time the loan is originated (ex: 5, 10, 15 years). If you are not sure what the repayment terms are for the loan(s) you have outstanding, contact the lender immediately.

Calculate Your Payment
Federal Loans

Quickly calculate estimated monthly payment amounts under several repayment plans.

Standard
Extended
Graduated
Income Contingent (ICR)
Income Based (IBR)
Additional Calculator Option that allows you to add multiple loans with various interest rates
Private | Alternative Loans

Most lenders do not offer repayment options. Repayment terms are typically determined at the time the loan is originated (ex: 5, 10, 15 years). If you are not sure what the repayment terms are for the loan(s) you have outstanding, contact the lender immediately.

Loan Consolidation
Federal Loans

Loan consolidation is the process of combining one or more loans into a single new loan. Consolidation can simplify repayment by centralizing your loans into one bill and could lower monthly payments by giving you up to 30 years to repay. Consolidating your loans does have RISKS along with BENEFITS. Before you submit your application make sure you take the time to study the pros and cons. For program details and to start an application, click here.

Private | Alternative Loans

Private Student Loans cannot be consolidated with Federal Student Loans however Private Student Loans may be consolidated into one new Private Student Loan. As with Federal Consolidation, there are both risks and benefits. Depending on your credit, income, outstanding debt and market rates you may be able to attain a lower interest rate than the average of your current private loans. Before you decide for sure to consolidate your private student loans, take the necessary time to shop, compare offers, know whether the rate is FIXED or VARIABLE and consider the risks and benefits.

Lender List: click here.

Understanding Default

Understand how missing a loan payment can be a pro