https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/financial-aid/graduate/debt-management
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Financial Aid
Types of Aid
Partnerships
Debt Management
Access Your Offer
Staff
Resources
Debt Management
GRADUATE FINANCIAL AID
Debt Management

Stay Informed | Stay Current | Stay Default Free

The Department of Education has created a database for students to manage their Federal education loans. Please click here to be taken to the Federal Student Aid (FSA) website. You must login with your FSA ID. Included in the database are all Federal student loans received from any post-secondary institution attended. The FSA website does not include any Private or Alternative loans taken to supplement the cost of education. Parent PLUS loan data is also included in the FSA database and will be found under the parent’s name using the parent’s FSA ID.

These resources are curated by the Financial Aid office to assist you in your post-education debt-management needs.

HRSA Loan Repayment

Exit Counseling

Loan exit counseling is an online tutorial created and required by the Department of Education. You must complete exit counseling when you leave school or drop below half-time enrollment. The purpose of exit counseling is to ensure you understand your student loan obligations and are prepared for repayment.

GET STARTED

 

By completing Exit Counseling, you will learn about what your federal student loan payments will look like after school. The Department of Education also recommends a repayment strategy that best suits your future plans and goals.

Know What You Owe

The Department of Education has created a database for students to manage their Federal education loans. Please click here to be taken to the Federal Student Aid website. Access requires the student’s FSA ID. Included in the database are all Federal student loans received from any post-secondary institution attended. The FSA website does not include any Private | Alternative loans taken to supplement the cost of education. Parent PLUS loan data is also included in the FSA database and will be found under the parent’s name using the parent’s FSA ID.

Making Payments
Federal Loans

Stafford and PLUS loan payments are always made to your loan servicer (not to the university you attended). To find out who is servicing your loans click here.

The Department of Education offers several repayment plan options. For information on Federal student loan repayment options click here.

Before you contact your loan servicer to discuss repayment plans, you can use the Department of Education’s Loan Simulator to get an early look at which repayment plans you may be eligible for and see estimates for how much you would pay monthly and overall.

Private Loans

Private | Alternative loan payments are remitted to the lender you originated the loan with. If you have taken out loans with multiple lenders you will have to make separate payments to each (unless you consolidate them). Repayment terms are typically determined at the time the loan is originated. Additionally, there is no central database that tracks all of your private loans like there is for Federal student loans.

If you are not sure what the repayment terms are for the loan(s) you have outstanding, contact the lender immediately. Also check your mail and email as your lender will likely be trying to make contact with you. DO NOT ignore your lender as doing so will lead to delinquency and could negatively impact your credit.

Finding the Repayment Plan for You
Federal Loans

Standard
Breaks down your loan balance into monthly payments of at least $50 for up to 10 years. In general, this is the plan that will cost you the least amount of money in interest payments. For complete information, click here.

Graduated
If your income is low now, but you expect it to increase steadily over time, this plan may be right for you. Payments start out low and increase every 2 years for up to 10 years. IMPORTANT NOTE: Under Graduated you will pay more in interest over time than if you selected Standard Repayment. For complete information, click here.

Extended
Extended allows you to “extend” the repayment period from 10 years to up to 25 years. IMPORTANT NOTE: Under Extended you will pay more in interest over time than if you selected Standard Repayment. This plan works best for borrowers whose loan burden is too large to bear the standard monthly payments over the course of just 10 years. For complete information, click here.

Income-Based (IBR)
Income-Based Repayment (IBR) is designed to reduce monthly payments to assist with making your student loan debt manageable. If you need to make lower monthly payments, this plan may be for you. To qualify for IBR, you must have a partial financial hardship. You have a partial financial hardship if the monthly amount you would be required to pay on your IBR-eligible federal student loans under a 10-year Stan