https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/financial-aid/graduate/access-your-offer
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Financial Aid
Types of Aid
Partnerships
Debt Management
Access Your Offer
Staff
Resources
Access Your Financial Aid Offer
GRADUATE FINANCIAL AID
Financial Aid Offer

An Email will be sent to your Eagles email once your Financial Aid Offer letter is ready to view.

Accessing Your Financial Aid Offer:
Log into MyRecords. Click here to go to MYRECORDS.
Click on the ‘Student’ tab
The select ‘Financial Aid’
To view your offer, click on ‘Financial Aid Offer’
At the top, you will see your estimated Cost of Attendance. This is a tool used for financial aid purposes only and does not reflect your actual bill.
Financial Aid packages will be broken down into 3 possible categories:
Grants and Scholarships - will only appear if you have grants or scholarships
Work - will only appear if you are offered Federal Work Study
Loans
Review each section carefully
If you have an offer available, a box will appear in the column on the right labeled ‘Take Action’
Select your decision from the drop down
‘Accept All’ will accept the full offer
‘Decline All’ will decline the entire offer
‘Modify’ will allow you to type in a partial amount for each semester listed
Once you have set your decision(s), click on the blue ‘Submit’ button
If you select the Modify option, you will first need to hit the blue ‘Ok’ button to save your modified acceptance.
Before you can submit your decision, a Terms and Conditions pop up box will appear. You must acknowledge the Terms and Conditions by checking the box at the bottom.
Once you have checked the acknowledgement box, click on the ‘Accept Award’ button to submit your decision.
If you are a first-time Federal Direct Loan borrower at Concordia, you must complete Entrance Counseling and electronically sign a Master Promissory Note (MPN).

To learn more about Federal Direct Stafford Loans visit studentaid.gov/understand-aid/types/loans.

To View Missing Requirements:
Log into MyRecords. Click here to go to MYRECORDS.
Click on the ‘Student’ tab
Select ‘Financial Aid’
You will be directed to the Requirements page
If you have any missing requirements they will appear at the top of this page.
Click on the hyperlink of each missing requirement for more information
Please note that you cannot submit documents via MyRecords.
Helpful Hints for MYRECORDS:
MyRecords now uses the same credentials as your campus email, Canvas, and other institution services. You will now use one password for all your CUI accounts.
Make sure that when bookmarking MyRecords the link is as follows: https://myrecords.cui.edu. Bookmarking normally will add extra text to the url so in order to avoid this you will need to bookmark it through the bookmark manager. For information on how to bookmark using bookmark manager please see the following knowledge base article.
If you run into any issues with error pages when trying to navigate to MyRecords try clearing the cache.
For information on how to clear the cache please see the following knowledge base article.
If you need help with MyRecords, please contact the IT helpdesk by emailing its@cui.edu or by calling (949) 214-3175.

If you have questions about your financial aid offer or missing requirements, please contact the Financial Aid Office at finaid@cui.edu or (949) 214-3066.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

