ation of this policy.

The university reserves the right to make any changes in costs, payment plans, and refund policies without notice.

Financial Aid Packaging

Financial aid is the monetary program assistance provided to students for educational costs in the form of scholarships, grants, awards, part-time employment, and/or loans. It includes federal, state aid, private or outside aid, and aid from Concordia University. This packaging approach may include assistance from two or more sources of financial aid. The university’s goal is to award all applicants the maximum scholarship, grant, and loan for which they qualify, within the restrictions of federal and state guidelines and institutional policies.

Tuition Discounts & Financial Aid

Students receiving Concordia Faculty/Staff Waiver, Graduate Assistants, and Scholarship Athletes cannot combine with tuition discounts.

Communication

The university will attempt to inform students about deadlines and procedures, but the final responsibility for the timely filing of the FAFSA and related documents is the student’s. The university’s official means of communication is the student’s eagles email account.

The student must notify the Financial Aid Office regarding changes in financial situation, marriage, loss of a job, change in class load, withdrawal from school, or change of address. In order to contact the Financial Aid Office, a student may email, call, or visit in person.

Loan Code of Conduct

As active institutional members of the National Association of Student Financial Aid Professionals (NASFAA), the Financial Aid employees at the university prescribe to the NASFAA Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct is intended to assist financial aid professionals in carrying out their obligations, particularly with regard to ensuring transparency in the administration of the student financial aid programs, and to avoid the harm that may arise from actual, potential, or perceived conflict of interest.

The Higher Education Opportunity Act of 2008 legislated requirements, which prohibits a conflict of interest with the responsibilities of an officer, employee, or agent of the university regarding Title IV loans. The term "employees" refers to any of the university's officers, employees and agents who are employed in the financial aid office or who have responsibilities with respect to student loans or who have responsibilities with respect to student loans related to Title IV education loans or private loans for educational purposes.

The Code of Conduct Establishes that:
Employees shall not enter into any revenue-sharing arrangement with any lender where the lender provides or issues a Title IV loan to the student or student's family in exchange for the university recommending the lender or the lender's loan products in exchange for a fee or material benefit including profit or revenue sharing that benefits the university or a university's employee or agent.
Employees shall not solicit or accept any gift in the form of a gratuity, favor, discount, entertainment, hospitality, loan, service, transportation, lodging, meals, reimbursement, or other item having a monetary value of more than a nominal amount from a lender, guarantor, or servicer. Certain items and services are exempt from the definition of "gift". Gifts and favorable terms and benefits do not include a brochure, workshop or training using standard materials relating to a loan, default aversion, or financial literacy, such as a part of a training session. Entrance and exit counseling as long as the institution’s staff are in control of the counseling and the counseling does not promote the services of a specific lender.
Employees must not accept any fee, payment, or other financial benefit (including the opportunity to purchase stock) from a lender as compensation for any type of consulting arrangement or other contract to provide services to a lender or on behalf of a lender relating to education loans.
The university shall not request or accept funds from any lender for private education loans including funds for an opportunity pool loan to its students in exchange for the university providing promises of a specified loan number or volume or a preferred lender arrangement for educational loans.
Employees shall not assign, through award packaging or other methods, a first-time borrower's loan to a particular lender or refuse to delay processing of a loan based on the borrower's selection of a lender or guarantor.
Employees shall not accept or request any assistance with call center or financial aid office staffing from any lender except as allowed by law.
Employees who serve on an advisory board, commission, or group established by a lender, guarantor, or group of lenders or guarantors, shall be prohibited from receiving anything of value from the lender, guarantor, group of lenders or guarantors. However, the employee may be reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in serving on the advisory bo