, corrections or changes in the data reported to the institution by parents and/or students, receipt of additional awards by non-college sources, unintended error, change in unit load, change in residency, or other reasons consistent with Concordia University Irvine policy and procedures.
While some financial aid is conveniently credited against your student account with Concordia University Irvine, there are some types of funding in which checks must be made in your name. If these funds are necessary to cover charges due to Concordia University Irvine, the checks must be signed in the Financial Aid Office.
If you fail to maintain satisfactory academic progress towards your degree, you may be denied future financial aid. Satisfactory academic progress is defined in the college catalog.
Many financial aid programs are designed to assist you for no more than 4 years of undergraduate work.
You must be enrolled in coursework towards your degree and/or program at least half-time to receive Title IV aid and at least full-time to receive institutional aid. If you withdraw or cease to carry the required number of units, you must make arrangements with the Bursar to repay any aid advanced to you for which you are no longer eligible
Your financial aid, including Cal Grant B Access stipend, will be credited to any current year tuition, fees, and university room and meal plan on your student account. By accepting your Financial Aid Offer, you authorize the Financial Aid Office to credit your current financial aid award towards any other current educationally-related charges on your student account. If you revoke this authorization, you must pay all other charges from personal funds. You have the option to rescind your Cal Grant B Access from crediting to your student account.
Notice to Cancel Loans

Federal loans may be canceled or reduced in size by refusing to accept any disbursement that is issued. Requests to cancel or reduce federal loans must be submitted in writing to the Financial Aid Office.

You Must Inform the Financial Aid Office if the Following Conditions Apply to You
Reduction in unit load: if your enrollment status changes a revision of your financial aid may be required.
Change in residency or marital status: your Financial Aid Offer indicates where you reported you would be living this academic year. If this is incorrect or you change your residency or marital status, you must notify the Financial Aid Office.
Withdrawal: you must notify the Registrar’s Office if you leave Concordia University Irvine for any reason. If you withdraw from Concordia University Irvine before the end of the semester, your financial aid will be adjusted in accordance with Concordia University Irvine and Federal Government Refund Policies.
Increase in resources: if you receive any additional resources during the academic year, you are obligated to inform the Financial Aid Office so that your financial aid may be re-evaluated and/or adjusted. This assures that the limited funds available will assist the greatest number of students with the highest need (including earnings).
Statement of Educational Purpose

I declare that I will use any funds I receive under the PELL GRANT, SUPPLEMENTAL EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITY GRANT, FEDERAL DIRECT STAFFORD LOAN PROGRAMS or STATE GRANT PROGRAMS for expenses connected with attendance at Concordia University Irvine.

Financial Aid Agreements

A student may not participate in graduation ceremonies, register for further sessions, or receive any diploma, certificate, transcripts, or Degree Verification Letter until all financial obligations have been satisfied with a zero balance. Concordia University, Irvine, herein the university, as a security interest, shall retain any diploma, certificate, transcripts, or letter of recommendation until all such obligations are satisfied. Release of any such security interest prior, or subsequent to, any default by the debtors shall not be considered a binding precedent or modification of this policy.

The university reserves the right to make any changes in costs, payment plans, and refund policies without notice.

Financial Aid Packaging

Financial aid is the monetary program assistance provided to students for educational costs in the form of scholarships, grants, awards, part-time employment, and/or loans. It includes federal, state aid, private or outside aid, and aid from Concordia University. This packaging approach may include assistance from two or more sources of financial aid. The university’s goal is to award all applicants the maximum scholarship, grant, and loan for which they qualify, within the restrictions of federal and state guidelines and institutional policies.

Tuition Discounts & Financial Aid

Students receiving Concordia Faculty/Staff Waiver, Graduate Assistants, and Scholarship Athletes cannot combine with tuition discounts.

Communication

The university will attempt to inform students about deadlines and procedures, but the final res