o withdraws from a current module but provides written confirmation of plans to return and attend a future module that begins within 45 days of the end of the current module is considered to still be enrolled.

If the student provides written confirmation but then fails to attend a future module, the student is considered withdrawn from the initial date of the original module. If the student withdraws without a written confirmation to attend in the future but returns during the same period, the student is able to receive all funds for which the student has eligibility according to their current enrollment status.

Refunds

Students withdrawing from the university or dropping courses within the refund period may be eligible for a refund of charges in accordance with the university's fee schedule and refund procedures. Students who withdraw from the university after classes begin may apply for a refund (i.e., tuition, room, board) by contacting the Bursar's Office. The student is responsible for paying any outstanding charges to the university. Dropping courses or withdrawing from the university may or may not result in a credit on the student's account. Please contact the Bursar's Office for further information or www.cui.edu/refunds.

Release of Records

It is understood that by applying for financial aid, the student grants the Financial Aid Office the right to release the learner’s grades and enrollment records to scholarship, state, federal, and loan agencies as needed.

Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP)

Federal regulations require all schools participating in Title IV financial aid programs to have a Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) policy. Title IV financial aid programs include: Pell Grant, Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant (SEOG), Federal Direct Subsidized Stafford Loan, Federal Direct Unsubsidized Stafford Loan, Federal Direct PLUS Loans, and Work-Study. The requirements of this policy apply to all Title IV and non-Title IV students receiving federal and state aid, and institutional aid per university policy.

Minimum Standards

To remain eligible for federal grants, loans, and work-study, students must meet the standards indicated below at the end of each semester. Please note the standards to establish and maintain eligibility for Title IV assistance are more stringent than the University’s academic standards for continuous enrollment. At the end of each term of enrollment, students must earn the minimum cumulative GPA, minimum number of credit hours, and be within the maximum timeframe. Failure to meet the minimum cumulative standards may result in a loss of financial aid eligibility.

Qualitative Measure of Progress

The qualitative requirement sets a minimum Cumulative Grade Point Average (GPA) for the degree level at which a student is classified. Note: This is the GPA used to determine one’s status and includes grades from courses taken at all other schools that are accepted by the university. To remain in compliance, a student must maintain the following cumulative GPA after each period of assessment:

Minimum Cumulative GPA for undergraduate students is 2.0
Undergraduate academic scholarship requires a cumulative GPA 2.5
Undergraduate Honor’s Scholarship requires a cumulative GPA 3.3
Undergraduate Presidential Honor’s Scholarship requires a cumulative GPA 3.5
Minimum Cumulative GPA for graduate students is 3.0
Minimum Cumulative GPA for graduate MAED students is 3.25

 

Quantitative Measure of Progress

The quantitative requirement contains two components, (1) Pace of Progression and (2) Maximum Timeframe.

Pace of Progression/Completion Rate

The credit hour completion rate reflects the pace at which students must progress to ensure that they are able to complete their degree program within the maximum timeframe. The pace of progression is calculated by dividing the cumulative number of hours the student has successfully earned by the cumulative number of hours the student has attempted. All students regardless of classification must earn 67% of all hours attempted. This is a cumulative calculation and includes credits attempted at all schools before and while attending Concordia.

Maximum Timeframe

The maximum timeframe for undergraduate students to complete their degree cannot exceed 150% of the published length of the academic program. Hours are counted starting with the semester the student entered school, even those semesters in which he/she did not receive financial aid. The maximum timeframes are listed below:

Bachelor Degree’s 180 or 192 Hours Attempted
Graduate Degree’s Hours Attempted required for program

 

Hours Attempted: Hours attempted include all hours pursued in the student’s career and are counted in the maximum timeframe whether or not financial aid was received. Attempted hours also include the following: withdrawals, incompletes, failing grades, repeated coursework, and transfer credits accepted by the University.

Financial Aid Warning

Students w