https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/financial-aid/graduate/policy
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Financial Aid
Types of Aid
Partnerships
Debt Management
Access Your Offer
Staff
Resources
Policies
GRADUATE FINANCIAL AID
Policies

Below you will find a number of resources available to Concordia University Irvine students. It is important for you to understand many of these policies as they potentially impact your aid eligibility. Office of Financial Aid does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, disability, or status as a veteran in any of its policies, practices, or procedures.

Financial Aid Rights & Responsibilities
Each applicant has the right to know:
What financial aid programs are available at Concordia University.
The deadlines for submitting applications for available financial aid programs.
How financial aid is distributed, how decisions are made and the basis for those decisions.
How financial need and budgets (including costs for tuition, fees, room, board, books, supplies, personal and miscellaneous expenses) are determined.
What resources (such as parental contribution, other financial aid, student assets, etc.) are considered in the need calculation.
How much of the financial need, as determined by the University, has been met.
The explanation of the various programs included in the aid package.
The University's refund policy.
What portion of the financial aid is grant/gift (non-repayable) and what must be repaid.
How the University determines whether the applicant is making satisfactory progress and what happens if he/she is not.
Each applicant is responsible for:
Completing all application forms accurately and honestly and providing the Financial Aid Office with correct information. Reporting incorrect information is a violation of the law.
Maintaining satisfactory academic progress as defined in the Concordia University general catalog.
Returning all additional documentation, verification, corrections and/or information requested.
Reading and understanding all forms that must be signed and accepting responsibility for the agreements signed.
Performing the work that is agreed upon in accepting a Work­ Study award.
Complying with all deadlines for application and reapplication for Concordia University financial aid.
Being aware of the refund procedures when withdrawing from Concordia University.
Receiving clearance from the Financial Aid Office before dropping below full­-time status or before withdrawing from Concordia University.
Terms and Conditions
General Conditions of Financial Aid Offer

You must promptly report to the Financial Aid Office any changes in your financial, marital, residency or academic status. Any additional financial assistance you receive will be added to your offer. This may result in a reduction of your offer and/or require repayment of financial aid funds already advanced to you during the academic year. You agree to accept repayment responsibility of any loans you accept. When you graduate, withdraw, or cease to be a half-time student, you must complete Exit Counseling. If you wish to reject any aid listed on your Financial Aid Award, you must notify the Financial Aid Office.

Regarding Notice of Financial Assistance

This notice of financial assistance is based on the documented financial information you submitted on your FAFSA. It is your responsibility to inform the Financial Aid Office if your reported information changes in any way during the academic year for which you are accepting financial aid. If you believe this award is based upon incorrect information, you may request that the Financial Aid Office review your application using documented information that you must provide.

General Conditions of Financial Assistance
Concordia University Irvine reserves the right to revise your Financial Aid Offer. Modification may be required by lack of necessary state or federal funding, corrections or changes in the data reported to the institution by parents and/or students, receipt of additional awards by non-college sources, unintended error, change in unit load, change in residency, or other reasons consistent with Concordia University Irvine policy and procedures.
While some financial aid is conveniently credited against your student account with Concordia University Irvine, there are some types of funding in which checks must be made in your name. If these funds are necessary to cover charges due to Concordia University Irvine, the checks must be signed in the Financial Aid Office.
If you fail to maintain satisfactory academic progress towards your degree, you may be denied future financial aid. Satisfactory academic progress is defined in the college catalog.
Many financial aid programs are designed to assist you for no more than 4 years of undergraduate work.
You must be enrolled in coursework towards your degree and/or program at least half-time to receive 