de of IP, I, N, NP, IF, F, W or GD will be treated as credits attempted but not successfully completed.
Withdrawals:

Credits for which a grade of “W” is received are considered attempted credits but not successfully completed credits. A grade of “W” does not impact GPA but does negatively impact the cumulative completion percentage and counts toward the maximum time frame.

Repeated Coursework:

Undergraduate students are allowed to repeat a course as often as allowed by the academic policies of the university. Students are allowed to repeat a previously passed course and have it count toward enrollment for financial aid eligibility only once. However, all repeats count against the maximum timeframe (total attempted credits) and reduce the pace/completion rate because they count as earned credits only once.

Transfer Credits:

Transfer credits accepted by the institution and applied toward a student’s degree, diploma, or certificate requirements to graduate will apply toward the maximum time frame calculation. If at the point of admission a transfer students prior academic record does not meet the colleges minimum cumulative qualitative or quantitative SAP standards, the university may immediately place the student in a probation status for financial aid eligibility.

Consortium Credits:

Credits for which financial aid is received under a consortium agreement will be included in the calculation of cumulative GPA, completion percentage, and maximum time frame.

Audited Courses:

Audited courses will not be funded by financial aid and are not included in any financial aid satisfactory academic progress measurements.

Verification

When you submit the FAFSA on the Web, the federal government randomly chooses about 30 percent of all FAFSA applications for a process that’s called “verification.” This means the Department of Education requires colleges to obtain information from the family that confirms the accuracy of the information that was reported on the FAFSA (e.g. tax transcripts, verification worksheets, etc.).

Beyond those applications selected for verification, the regulation requires colleges to also request further documentation when a FAFSA application and/or subsequent paperwork appears incomplete or inaccurate.

A student is not eligible to receive federal, state, and/or institutional need-based aid until all required paperwork has been submitted. We realize that these requests may sometimes seem a bit intrusive, but the university is merely following the requirements set forth in the regulation.

Outside Resources

Students are required to report all resources known or expected to be available to them during the period for which they seek financial assistance. These resources include, but are not limited to: veterans’ benefits, scholarships, fellowships, stipends, and unemployment earnings (including spouse’s, where applicable). Failure to report these resources can result in delays in receiving aid funds for which the student may be eligible, cancellation of the award, or even the return of funds already received.

Should any new resources become available, the student is required to report this fact. Withholding or concealing information about these resources may constitute fraud, as the student would be receiving financial aid to which he or she is not entitled.

Over-awards

Each year a number of financial aid recipients are distressed to learn that their aid package is being reduced due to an over-award. As required, students must inform the Financial Aid Office of any outside aid awards or changes in their class load. This will save the frustration and inconvenience that may result from an over-award.

A student’s budget, as determined by the university using federal and state calculations, could reduce the total aid package. All institutional aid is subject to coordination with federal, state, and all other aid sources. All institutional aid is subject to the policies printed in the catalog and any other printed materials. Availability of all aid is subject to federal, state, institutional, and private funding.

Treatment of Unofficial Withdrawals

If a student fails to officially withdraw and receives all F’s as grades for the semester, the Department of Education considers the student to have unofficially withdrawn from classes. The university is required to investigate and determine when the student actually last attended class and then perform the required R2T4 calculation. If the date of withdrawal cannot be confirmed, the R2T4 calculation is done using a 50 percent completion rate. This process is usually completed well after the end of the semester, once grades are submitted.

Unusual Enrollment History

The U.S. Department of Education has established new regulations to prevent fraud and abuse in the Federal Pell Grant Program or Direct Loans by identifying students with unusual enrollment histories. Some students who have an unusual enrollment history (UEH) have legitimate reaso