https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/international-students/change-of-status-information
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

International Students

Majors, Minors, & Programs
Tuition & Costs
Campus & Location
Scholarships
Ranking, Reputation, & Results
Admissions
F1 Visa Process
Admitted Student Checklist
Intl. Student Resources
Change of Status Information
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS
Change of Status Information

F-1 student status is appropriate if you plan to pursue full-time studies in the United States. If you are currently in the United States on a non-immigrant visa classification you may change to F-1 student status by travel or by filing an application with the U.S Citizenship and Immigration Services [USCIS].

Eligibility for a Change of Status

In general, if you are a non-immigrant who has maintained lawful status you may apply for a change of status to F-1 student by submitting an application with the USCIS.

Exceptions: If any of the following apply, you will not be able to file an application for a change of status with the USCIS:

You are a non-immigrant subject to the Section 212[e] two-year home residency requirement are ineligible to apply.
You are currently in WT or WB status.
You cannot demonstrate current lawful status.

If you are not eligible to file an application for a change of status within the U.S., it may be possible to travel outside the U.S. to apply for the F-1 student visa and enter the U.S. in a new status.

Students that have had a permanent residency petition filed should consult with an immigration attorney working on that petition regarding your plans to file for F-1 student status.

Information if your current visa status is F-2 or B-1/B-2 or WT/WB

Students in F-2 dependent status, B-1/B-2 visitor status, or WT/WB CANNOT enroll in classes until the Change of Status to F-1 request is granted.

After Your Change of Status is Approved

Once you receive your approval notice, you will need to contact the PDSO/DSO at (949) 214-3471 or rachel.kim3@cui.edu and schedule an appointment.

You will need to bring the following items to your appointment:

Approval Notice
Stamped I-20
I-94 card
Passport

You will be asked to attend Legal Orientation to gain a better understanding of your responsibilities as an F-1 visa holder. Your SEVIS record will be activated after you have met with a PDSO/DSO.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

