https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/international-students/reinstatement
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

International Students

Majors, Minors, & Programs
Tuition & Costs
Campus & Location
Scholarships
Ranking, Reputation, & Results
Admissions
F1 Visa Process
Admitted Student Checklist
Intl. Student Resources
Reinstatement
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS
Reinstatement

Depending on the actual circumstances, when a student is determined to be "Out of Status," the usual consequence is that the I-20 is terminated (or canceled) in the SEVIS system. Once the I-20 is terminated, if the student is eligible, he or she should file a request to be "reinstated to F-1 status" so that they may legally remain in the U.S. and continue their studies. Reinstatement should be done as soon as possible after the status violation to avoid any problems with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). Reinstatement is costly and it stays on the immigration record permanently and does affect eligibility to apply for certain immigration benefits such as being authorized to work. The PDSO/DSO will advise you and provide you with the proper forms. In very serious cases, you may need to contact an immigration attorney.

Who Qualifies?

A non-immigrant alien who has failed to maintain status may apply for reinstatement to lawful status at the discretion of DHS, but only under limited conditions specified by federal regulations. An application for reinstatement may be considered if the following can be documented:

You have not been out of status for more than 5 months
You do not have a record of repeat violations
You are pursuing, or will be pursuing in the next available term, a full course of study
You are not engaged in unauthorized employment
You are not deportable on any grounds other than the status violation
The status violation was beyond your control
You failed to submit a Program Extension before your I-20 expiration
You failed to seek approval for below full-time enrollment
How To Apply

Please make an appointment with the PDSO and bring the following documents with you to your appointment:

Form I-539
Fee $370 (current*: subject to change)
All previously issued I-20s
I-94 card
A copy of passport and F1 visa
Proof of financial support
Dependent’s documentation: passport, I-94, I-20 (if applicable)
Personal letter explaining your situation and the basis of your request for reinstatement
Copy of academic transcripts (unofficial copies are acceptable)
If you have been out of status for more than 5 months, a receipt for the payment of a new SEVIS Fee ($200) is required. www.ice.gov/sevis/i901/ Copies of your original documents will be made at your appointment and a new I-20 for Reinstatement will be issued.

For more detailed information, please contact your PDSO/DSO.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

