https://www.cui.edu/academicprograms/international-students/withdrawing-canceling-dismissal
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 

International Students

Majors, Minors, & Programs
Tuition & Costs
Campus & Location
Scholarships
Ranking, Reputation, & Results
Admissions
F1 Visa Process
Admitted Student Checklist
Intl. Student Resources
Withdrawing, Canceling, or Dismissal from Concordia University Irvine
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS
Withdrawing, Canceling, or Dismissal from Concordia Univeristy Irvine

Before you take action to withdraw or cancel your enrollment or if you are dismissed from Concordia University Irvine, you must inform a PDSO of this change to your student program immediately. We recommend that you schedule an appointment with a PDSO. We recommend that undergraduate students meet with their academic counselor and graduate students speak with their advisor before taking steps to cancel or withdraw to learn about the consequences for fee payment and readmission.

Withdrawal and Cancellations

It is important that all F-1 students receive approval from the PDSO prior to a withdrawal or cancellation. All enrollment information is reported in SEVIS, if the PDSO is not aware of your plans, your SEVIS record will be terminated for "non enrollment", and you may lose your lawful F-1 status including F-1 employment eligibility and benefits.

If a PDSO is informed prior to your withdrawal, we may be able to provide you with a 15-day grace period during which time you would be able to stay lawfully in the U.S. and prepare for departure. If the PDSO is not informed prior to the withdrawal, cancellation, or dismissal, there is no grace period. Your SEVIS record is terminated and you will lose your lawful F-1 status. In this case, you must depart the U.S. immediately.

For further information about withdrawals and cancellations, schedule an appointment with a PDSO.

Academic Probation and Dismissals

During your first quarter of academic probation, you are strongly encouraged to meet with a PDSO to discuss and establish a backup plan to avoid status issues in the future. Students who are dismissed from Concordia University Irvine may lose their lawful F-1 status. To maintain status, students who may be dismissed must work with the PDSO to identify a new institution to transfer their I-20 prior to the effective dismissal date.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

