https://www.cui.edu/studentlife/veterans
Skip to Main Content

Search
Academics 
Admissions 
About
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
 MyCUI 
Veterans Resource Center
Getting Started
Transfers
Benefits 
Resources 
About 
Contact 
Support Our Veterans
VETERANS RESOURCE CENTER
Concordia University Irvine
 
 
 
The SSG Matthew Thompson Veterans Resource Center
Staff Sergeant Matthew Thompson

Concordia University Irvine appreciates your dedicated service to our country. We are a Military Friendly® School committed to providing a quality education for military members, veterans, and their families. Use your GI Bill® military education benefits to graduate with a degree from our top-rated university developing wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens.

Our dedicated staff is here to help Veterans, their spouses, and their dependents navigate their benefits for undergraduate, graduate and certificate programs. We also understand the challenges facing students who are working professionals. Concordia University Irvine’s programs are designed to offer flexibility. Whether earning your degree fully online or choosing blended instruction - combining traditional classroom instruction with online learning - the faculty and staff at Concordia will support you from day one to graduation.

Concordia University Irvine is a Yellow Ribbon University and an approved VA Work Study location, so you can plan your education with the confidence that you’ll receive the benefits and accommodations you need to complete your education.

GI Bill® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). More information about education benefits offered by VA is available at the official U.S. government website at benefits.va.gov.

Veteran's Admissions Guide
Transfer Made Easy
The Veterans Services Center made it an easy decision to choose Concordia University Irvine. They provided me with all the necessary information to best maximize my VA education benefits.

John Ainsworth, U.S. Coast Guard Veteran
MAIS Graduate

Previous Testimonial
Next Testimonial
Understanding Your Benefits
Yellow Ribbon Program

Concordia University Irvine is proud to participate in the Yellow Ribbon GI Education Enhancement Program and we have an unlimited number of scholarships at an unlimited dollar amount for those who qualify.

LEARN MORE
VA & Military Benefits

Concordia University Irvine offers a 10% tuition discount for all military members, veterans, and their spouses in our online bachelor and graduate programs. Learn about the many opportunities to use your GI Bill® and benefits here at Concordia University Irvine.
Students receiving Concordia Faculty/Staff Waiver, Graduate Assistants, and Scholarship Athletes cannot combine with tuition discounts.

LEARN MORE
VA Work Study

Concordia University Irvine is an approved VA Work Study location. Students utilizing the GI Bill® and are at least ¾ time are allowed to apply and work in the VRC serving the needs of the veteran community. The VA pays you directly, tax free, at the highest rate of the CA or Federal minimum wage.

LEARN MORE
Veterans Club

The goal of Concordia University Irvine Veterans Club is to promote a sense of community between traditional students, veterans and their families. In order to accomplish this, the Veterans Club will provide a place where members can socialize, network and assist each other as they work to achieve their educational and career goals.

LEARN MORE
Find your Program

Explore our majors, minors, masters', doctoral, certificate, and online degrees and programs here.

Undergraduate
 
Graduate
 
Certificate
 
Online
Master of Arts in Coaching & Athletics Administration
Online Bachelors Degrees
Nursing Pathways
News

Veterans Center Receives Military Friendly Status

June 25, 2022

Concordia University Irvine Earns 2022-2023 Military Friendly® School Designation

March 30, 2022

A New ‘Major’ at CUI

November 1, 2020

Concordia Ranks Among 2021 Best Colleges for Veterans

September 17, 2020

Concordia Moves Up in Top 40 Spot in College Rankings & Best Colleges for Veterans

September 11, 2019

Concordia Moves into Top 40 Spot in College Rankings

September 10, 2018

Concordia Irvine Renames its Veterans Resource Center in Honor of Fallen Alum

May 29, 2017

Orange County University Named to 2017 Military Friendly® Schools List

November 14, 2016

Concordia University Irvine Offers Veterans Greater Tuition Support Through Yellow Ribbon Program

July 14, 2014



Previous News Article


Next News Article
Get in Touch
Richard Lewis
Veterans Resource Center Director

PHONE: 949-214-3129
EMAIL: veterans@cui.edu

First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Phone (Optional)
Message 
SEND NOW

Concordia University Irvine may contact you by email, telephone, or text message.

Join Our Community
Apply Now
Visit Concordia
Request Info
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
Concordia University Irvine Footer
Connect
University Events
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
at Concordia University Irvine
Library
Brand and Marketing Resources
Registrar
University Services

