Accounting (ACT)
ACT 211 Financial Accounting 3 Units
Basic elements of accounting and methods of gathering and reporting
financial data will be examined in this course, including a study of
financial statements, journalizing financial transactions, merchandising
activities, investments in property, plant and equipment; and depreciation
as it applies to corporations. Prerequisite: BUS 201.
ACT 212 Managerial Accounting 3 Units
This decision-making course will be based on accounting concepts and
will include equity financing, introduction to management accounting,
cost terms and concepts, cost accumulation systems, product costing
systems, and analyzing cost behavior patterns, including cost-volumeprofit relationships. Prerequisite: ACT 211.
ACT 311 Intermediate Accounting I 3 Units
This course will expand the theories and concepts of accounting
including the study of balance sheets and owner's interests, accrual
accounting including revenue recognition and cost allocation, the income
statement and measures of performance, statement of cash flows, and
cash and receivables. Prerequisite: ACT 212.
ACT 312 Intermediate Accounting II 3 Units
As a continuation of ACT 311, this course will emphasize inventories,
current liabilities, long-term and intangible assets, long-term liabilities,
accounting for leases, and equity securities. Prerequisite: ACT 212.
ACT 313 Cost Accounting 3 Units
This course will cover the cost accounting cycle, cost elements of
products and services, job order, process, and standard cost systems,
overhead allocation considerations, cost behavior, cost-volume-profit
relationships, and analysis of overhead variances. Prerequisite: ACT 212.
ACT 315 Accounting Information Systems 3 Units
This course will look at the concepts, controls, and tools of computerized
accounting information systems using spreadsheets and databases.
Prerequisites: ACT 212 and BUS 261.
ACT 332 Financial Statement Analysis 3 Units
Analysis of financial statements for business valuation and strategic
consideration will be examined in this course including ratio analysis and
time value of money concepts used to analyze the financial condition of
a business organization. Credit analysis and corporate finance issues will
also be covered. Prerequisite: ACT 211.
ACT 350 GASB Accounting, Reporting and Compliance 3 Units
This course will introduce the basic elements of accounting, methods
of gathering and reporting financial data, compliance issues, and the
accounting environment for governmental agencies. Prerequisites:
ACT 211 and ACT 212.
ACT 417 Federal and California State Personal Taxes 3 Units
The preparation of individual federal and California state income
tax returns will be the focus of this course, including federal forms,
schedules, and California adjustments to income. Prerequisite: ACT 211.
ACT 418 Corporate Tax Accounting 3 Units
This course will study the theory and principles of federal income tax
laws applicable to business entities with an emphasis on the theoretical
framework as well as practical application and planning, including the
study of special tax considerations pertaining to S corporations and
partnerships. Prerequisite: ACT 212.
ACT 419 Auditing 3 Units
Methods and procedures used to verify the accuracy and responsible
reporting of financial information within the ethical framework of the
professional auditor will be examined in this course including ethics, legal
liability, internal control, and reporting. Prerequisite: ACT 312 or consent
of instructor.
ACT 443 International Accounting (IFRS) 3 Units
This course will highlight the current and proposed differences between
U.S. GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) and IFRS
(International Financial Reporting Standards) and their application in
financial reporting. Prerequisite: ACT 212.
ACT 490A Professional Development and Internship Emphasis 1-2
Units
The Concordia School of Business and Economics Internship facilitates
a student's transition from academic theory to real-life business
practices and builds professional networks. An internship related to
a student's academic emphasis helps clarify goals, adds value to the
Concordia academic experience and opens doors to future employment.
The course provides practice in the development of a personal brand
as well as skills needed in the pursuit of an internship and eventual
employment followed by an off-site internship. Students meet with their
internship director before beginning the off-site internship for advice
and placement approval. Periodic student reports and written feedback
from the sponsoring business are required and must demonstrate the
skill acquired during the internship. Students must take a minimum
cumulative total of two (2) units earned in one (1) unit credit hours.
Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisites: Business Major with
Junior or Senior standing and MGT 321 and BUS 224.
ACT 490B Professional Development and Internship Elective 1-6 Units
The Concordia School of Business and Economics Internship facilitates
a student’s transition from academic theory to real-life business
practices and builds professional networks. An internship related to
a student's academic emphasis helps clarify goals, adds value to the
Concordia academic experience and opens doors to future employment.
The course provides practice in the development of a personal brand
as well as skills needed in the pursuit of an internship and eventual
employment followed by an off-site internship. Students meet with their
internship director before beginning the off-site internship for advice
and placement approval. Periodic student reports and written feedback
from the sponsoring business are required and must demonstrate the
skill acquired during the internship. This course provides additional
experience beyond the two (2) unit program cumulative internship
minimum as students may take one (1) additional unit of internship.
Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisites: Business Major with
Junior or Senior standing and MGT 321 and BUS 224.
American Humanities (AMH)
AMH 201   American Humanities Capstone   2 Units
This capstone involves a classroom component that examines the core
liberal arts questions that the American Humanities minor attempts
to address and will serve as a summative experience for the students
who attended the Around-the-USA semester program. The capstone
also involves a service component, requiring students to work with local
service partners chosen and arranged by the program director and/or
class professor.
88 Anthropology (ANT)
AMH 202   Understanding Other Cultures Anthropologically   1 Unit
Students will study theories of cross-cultural adaptation, acclimation, and
assimilation in this course. Occurring before their departure for the studyabroad country, students will be better prepared to make the transition
to their new home and develop an awareness of others and self, and
become more effective observers of internal (intra-personal) changes,
and external (inter-personal) discovery.
AMH 203 Cross-Cultural Communication Awareness 1 Unit
The globalization of organizations, public and private, and their
multicultural make-up requires today's citizens to have a solid crosscultural competence, involving an understanding of one's own culture and
communication preferences, identifying others' preferences, and having a
flexible behavioral repertoire to bridge cultural differences.
AMH 301   American Humanities I   3 Units
This course explores writings (primary literature/sources/artistic
representations) produced by Americans and observers of America from
the colonial period to c.1865 as they grappled with the great questions
besetting humanity in their own environment and context. Students
will learn how to analyze texts (including art and music) and the ideas
they contain, while setting them in their appropriate context. In this way,
students will gain an understanding of what has formed modern America.
AMH 302   American Humanities II   3 Units
This course explores writings (primary literature/sources/artistic
representations) produced by Americans and observers of America from
c.1865 to the present as they grappled with the great questions besetting
humanity in their own environment and context. Students will learn how
to analyze texts (including art and music) and the ideas they contain,
while setting them in their appropriate context. In this way, students will
gain an understanding of what has formed modern America.
AMH 333 Special Topics 3 Units
This course is taught by the lead professor of the ATUSA semester
program. This course provides an in-depth exploration of one or more
aspects of American culture; topics such as the visual arts, literature,
ecology, religion, history, or politics may be studied.
AMH 399 Service Learning Practicum 2 Units
This course is meant to bring the practical service experience to students
as they take responsibility for a variety of service projects that will
challenge them, not only as they prepare ahead of time for outreach, but
also as they adapt to sharing messages of love and forgiveness.
Anthropology (ANT)
ANT 210   Cultural Anthropology   3 Units
Understanding diverse cultures of the world, from preliterate societies
to modern technological societies, is the focus of this course, and
will include mankind's universal as well as adaptive dimensions; and
the examination of socioeconomic, political, religious, and physical
environmental factors that relate to the values and lifestyles of various
peoples.
ANT 241 Anthropology Field Methods for Travelers 3 Units
Practical application of anthropological concepts designed to assist in
analyzing, understanding, and living within other cultural traditions is the
focus of this course and will include topics such as the role of culture,
living with culture shock, strategies for analyzing cultures, processes of
assimilation, language issues, cultural food ways, manners, and social
expectations.
ANT 314 Native Peoples of North America 3 Units
An anthropological overview of native North American societies from preColumbian times to the present will be the focus of this course, utilizing a
culture area approach and including an emphasis on the native people of
California. Cross listed with HST 314. Offered alternate years.
ANT 364   Culture and Self   3 Units
This course will explore the relationship between individual experiences
and the socio-cultural context, focusing on the role socio-cultural
institutions play on personality, health, and world view.
ANT 435   Religion in Society   3 Units
This course will present a comparative examination of religion as an
aspect of human culture and will include substantive and functional
approaches to religious behavior, religion as a symbol system, ritual
behavior, magic, religious movements, and paranormal phenomena.
Prerequisite: ANT 210 or permission of instructor. Offered alternate years.
Arabic (ARB)
ARB 101   Arabic (Standard) I   4 Units
This is a beginning course in language and culture introducing students
to written, oral, and historical traditions behind modern standard Arabic.
Conducted primarily through classroom instruction, this course will
be augmented with written, oral/aural, internet, and other germane
resources. The Arabic script, basic grammar, vocabulary, and syntax will
be covered. Students will complete the course able to read and translate
basic Arabic sentences.
ARB 199 Orientation To Arabic 1-3 Units
This course introduces the basics of the Arabic script, grammar, and
syntax.
ARB 201   Arabic (Standard) II   3 Units
This course will cover advanced Arabic grammar and vocabulary as
students read and translate classical and modern Arabic texts and
learn some basic conversational Arabic (Egyptian dialect). Prerequisite:
ARB 101.
Aramaic (ARA)
ARA 301   Aramaic   3 Units
This course is a study of the morphology, vocabulary, and syntax of
biblical Aramaic for reading the Aramaic portions of the Hebrew Bible.
Prerequisite: HEB 101 and HEB 102 or equivalent with a grade of C- or
better.
Art (ART)
ART 111 Experiences in Art 3 Units
This course will address the question “Why Art?” The course asks
students to confront preconceived ideas about art and artists, especially
with regards to investigating context; historical significance; professional
practice v. amateur pursuit; beauty and aesthetics; and contemporary
practice. Students will investigate art’s role in history and society, faith,
and experience. Students will ask “Why Art?” not only as a “big” global
question but also as one that investigates personal biases, beliefs, and
worldview. Class fee: $50. This class is offered each semester.
ART 200 Elements of Art 3 Units
In this course students will be given a practical introduction to the basics
of art through creative studio activities involving the elements of art in a
variety of media with two-dimensional projects. Class fee: $50. This class
is offered each spring semester.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 89
ART 201 Drawing I 3 Units
This studio art course will introduce the basic approaches to
observational drawing in a variety of media, methods, and subject matter
through lectures, demonstrations, slide presentations, studio drawing,
out-of-class drawing, sketching, and critiques. Class fee: $50. This class
is offered each semester.
ART 202 3D Design and Visualization 3 Units
This studio art course is an introduction to the study of three-dimensional
(3D) design. Students will be exposed to the principles of 3D design and
its similarities and departure from 2D design. By translating ideas and
2D images to 3D constructions, students will begin to master 3D design
processes, solve design problems three-dimensionally and enhance
their 3D visualization quotient. Class fee: $50. This class is offered every
spring semester.
ART 251 Design 3 Units
This course is a continuation of Elements of Art, with emphasis on the
properties and handling of color as a design tool. Students will gain an
understanding of color relationships, as well as learn to identify, and
analyze the principles and elements of design. Students will utilize these
theories and principles in the creation of their own unique designs. Class
fee: $50. This class is offered every fall semester.
ART 301 Drawing II 3 Units
Students will be helped to establish a style and technique emphasizing
discipline, craftsmanship, and imagination in this course as they use a
variety of drawing materials and investigate perspective, composition,
line, tone control, and a personal point of view. Class fee: $50. This class
is offered alternate years in the spring semester. Prerequisite: ART 201 or
consent of instructor.
ART 311 Art History I 3 Units
This is a survey course of Western art from the Prehistoric Period through
the Renaissance, employing illustrated lectures, independent research,
museum visits, and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the
spring semester.
ART 312 Art History II 3 Units
This course is a survey of Western art from the Renaissance up to the
20th century employing illustrated lectures, independent research,
museum visits and discussion. This class is offered alternate years in the
spring semester.
ART 315 The History of Contemporary Art 3 Units
This course will examine global art from the mid-19th century to the
present as it explores the ideas that became seminal points of interest
for contemporary artists during this period. Students will study how art
reflects history; how style communicates the concerns of the artist and
their culture; and how symbols, techniques, materials, and subjects are
used to convey the issues important to contemporary artists. This class
is offered every fall semester.
ART 321 Painting I 3 Units
This studio art course will introduce students to the basic approaches
of oil and acrylic painting, painting techniques, form, content, visual
appreciation, and personal expression through lectures, demonstrations,
slide presentations, studio painting, out-of-class painting, sketching,
and critiques. Class fee: $50. This class is offered every fall semester.
Prerequisite: ART 201.
ART 331 Sculpture I 3 Units
This course will introduce students to the concepts, materials, and
methods of sculpture as creative ideas are developed in wood, clay,
plaster, found objects, and cardboard. Principles and use of equipment,
material sources, and safety factors will be addressed. Class fee: $50.
This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester.
ART 341 Ceramics I 3 Units
This course will introduce clay from the process of construction through
the completion of a finished piece using the following methods: pinch,
coil, slab, wheel, and decorative. Class fee: $50. This class is offered
every semester.
ART 351 Printmaking I 3 Units
This course will provide an introduction to printmaking media with an
emphasis on experimentation through techniques such as the monoprint,
relief, and silkscreen. Class fee: $50. This class is offered alternate years
in the fall semester. Prerequisites: ART 200 and ART 201 or consent of
the instructor.
ART 390 Practicum: Art 1-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom
directly related to the student's major, minor, or professional program that
is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience. Class
fee may be required for some courses.
ART 401 Figure Drawing 3 Units
In this course students will obtain the basic skill of drawing the human
figure including anatomy, observation of the human form, fundamental
exercises in gesture, contour, outline, and tonal modeling. In-class
observation of artist's models will be complemented with studies of
plaster casts and master drawings. By concentrating on proportion, light,
shape, and movement, students will acquire skills in representing the
human form using a variety of materials. Class fee: $50. This class is
offered every fall semester. Prerequisite: ART 201 or consent of instructor.
ART 421 Painting II 3 Units
In this course students will be encouraged to establish a painting style
and technique emphasizing discipline, craftsmanship, and imagination
as they expand their knowledge and skill of acrylic and oil paint through
lectures, demonstrations, slide presentations, studio painting, out-ofclass painting, sketching, and critiques. Class fee: $50. This class is
offered alternate years in the spring semester. Prerequisite: ART 321.
ART 431 Sculpture II 3 Units
Principles, use of equipment, and safety factors will be addressed in this
studio course with an emphasis on individual development of form and
craftsmanship, and using creative assignments involving metal, wood,
and other materials. Class fee: $50. This class is offered alternate years
in the fall semester. Prerequisite: ART 331 or consent of instructor.
ART 441 Ceramics II 3 Units
Building on the foundation of Ceramics I, this course will challenge
students to pursue a more individual exploration of ceramic forms
and texture with an emphasis on the technical understanding of
surface treatments and ceramic processes as tools toward formal and
conceptual success. Along with hand-building and wheel throwing
techniques, glazing, and kiln firing, the aesthetics of form will be
investigated with a focus on design and visual thinking. Class fee: $50.
This class is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite: ART 341 or
consent of instructor.
90 Art: Graphic Design (ARTG)
ART 451 Printmaking II 3 Units
In this course students will expand their knowledge of certain printing
techniques such as the monoprint, collagraph, relief, and silkscreen
methods as they conduct research that combine art history and practical
experience to produce prints that are rich in content. Class fee: $50.
This class is offered alternate years in the spring semester. Prerequisite:
ART 351 or consent of instructor.
ART 488 Children’s Art 3 Units
In this course students will explore the developmental stages of art in
children at different levels that will aid in curriculum development and
give students the opportunity to experiment with various art activities to
develop skills needed for the effective teaching of art in the elementary
school. Class fee: $50. This class is offered every fall semester.
ART 490 Internship: Art 1-8 Units
ART 498 Senior Art Seminar 3 Units
The purpose of this course is to assist students to gain a more complete
understanding of the complex nature of art making and its role in a social,
historical, cultural, and personal context. Intended to serve as a capstone
experience for students in the Studio Arts major, this course is designed
to complement and work in conjunction with preparations for the Senior
Exhibition. Class fee: $50. This class is offered every spring semester.
Prerequisite: Senior standing and consent of the instructor.
Art: Graphic Design (ARTG)
ARTG 261 Graphic Design I 3 Units
This studio art course will give students an introduction to the
study of graphic design, as they are exposed to the history of visual
communication, typography, advertising, and learn how to identify the
elements and principles of design by creating image and text related
projects. Students will also develop skills using the digital techniques
of scanning, typographic adjustments, vector drawing, exporting, and
printing. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester.
ARTG 270 Digital Publishing 3 Units
In this course students will develop page layout skills utilizing
composition and typographic principles while learning to use Adobe
InDesign and the creation of images in Adobe Illustrator and Adobe
Photoshop, including text to produce flyers, posters, newsletters,
magazines, brochures, calendars, etc. Class fee: $50. This course is
offered every spring semester.
ARTG 271 Digital Image Manipulation 3 Units
Students will become proficient using Adobe Photoshop in this course,
including its applications in graphic design, advertising, web design,
animation, and multimedia. Examination of the ways in which complex
ideas and messages can be interpreted and represented in visual form
will also be included. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall
semester.
ARTG 272 Digital Illustration 3 Units
In this course students will acquire type manipulation and digital
illustration skills through exercises, demonstrations, and practical
assignments using Adobe Illustrator, including the development of an
individualized artistic process to produce digital illustrations that convey
specific messages. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall
semester.
ARTG 300 History of Graphic Design 3 Units
This survey course will examine the history of graphic design as students
gain a broader understanding of how design affects and is affected by
the culture; identify individual illustrators, designers, and artists; and
recognize specific styles and movements. This course is offered every
spring semester. Class fee: $50. Prerequisite: ARTG 261 or consent of
instructor.
ARTG 360 Typography I 3 Units
This course will give a historical overview of type and typographic
technologies that will introduce students to the formal qualities of
different typefaces and teach them to use type as an expressive
communication tool. This is an essential course for anyone wishing to
communicate with the printed word. Class fee: $50. This class is offered
every fall semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 261 or consent of the instructor.
ARTG 361 Graphic Design II 3 Units
Students will produce intermediate design projects that emphasize
aesthetics, the theory of design, and the relationship between text and
image in this course including the development of digital imaging and
layout skills using Adobe InDesign, Photoshop, and Illustrator. A portion
of this course will be devoted to a service learning assignment creating
design projects for a nonprofit organization within the community.
Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall semester. Prerequisite:
ARTG 261.
ARTG 390 Practicum: Graphic Design 1-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom
directly related to the student's major, minor, or professional program that
is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience. Class
fee may be required for some courses.
ARTG 460 Typography II 3 Units
As a continuation of ARTG 360, this course will begin the exploration of
personal expression and experimentation typographically with course
assignments designed to focus on the issues of denotation, connotation,
hierarchy, context and theme, image-type relationships and interaction,
and typographic history and expression. Class fee: $50. This course is
offered every spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 360.
ARTG 461 Graphic Design III 3 Units
This course will allow students to complete advanced graphic design
projects to fill gaps in their portfolios, emphasizing their preparation
to become professional graphic designers through the production of
strong portfolios that can be used to gain internships or employment.
Class fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite:
ARTG 361.
ARTG 471 Video Art 3 Units
In this studio course, students will create relationships between image
and sound by using the time-based medium of video with an emphasis
on students developing strong concepts for their projects and learning to
create a storyboard, film, and edit video art pieces together using Adobe
Premiere and Adobe After Effects. Class fee: $50. This class is offered
alternate years in the spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 271 or consent
of instructor.
ARTG 472 Web Design I 3 Units
Students will plan and execute a site map and design brief, create a
website using industry-standard software, and publish it to a server.
Emphasis is placed on the layout, color, typography, interactive elements,
and user experience. Class fee: $50. This course is offered every fall
semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 361 or consent of instructor.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 91
ARTG 473 Motion Graphics 3 Units
Students will go through the various stages of creating a title sequence
for a film in this course as they create several projects including
storyboards, animatics, and one full-motion sequence, learning to use the
best technique that better serves the idea. Class fee: $50. This course
is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite: ARTG 361 or consent of
instructor.
ARTG 481 Digital Photography 3 Units
This course will provide students with an introduction to visual concepts,
basic image capture, and camera functions with digital cameras,
including software basics for photographic imaging and digital printing.
Class fee: $50. This course is offered alternate years in fall semester.
ARTG 482 Web Design II 3 Units
Students will design, create, and build dynamic websites, focusing on
concepts, tools, and techniques to create responsive designs for the
web and digital devices such as iPads, tablets, and smart phones. Class
fee: $50. This course is offered every spring semester. Prerequisite:
ARTG 472.
ARTG 490 Internship: Graphic Art 1-8 Units
This course is an intense, practical, full- or part-time experience outside
the classroom that is an integral part of a professional program,
contributing significantly to the student's preparation for entrance into
a profession. Approximately forty (40) contact hours are required for
each unit of credit. Each department may limit the maximum number of
internship credit. Class fee may be required for some courses.
Behavioral Science (BSC)
BSC 265 Statistics for the Behavioral Sciences 3 Units
This is an introductory course for students intending to do social
science and education research that will address the basic principles of
elementary statistics through the use of statistical analyses, including
basic descriptive measures; sampling and sample size estimation;
hypothesis testing; testing for differences between means, correlation,
and measures of association; techniques for analyzing categorical data;
and summarizing and presenting statistical results. A heavy emphasis
will be placed on applications of basic statistical concepts to a wide
variety of problems encountered in social, educational, and policy-related
research, along with the use of computer packages for assisting in data
analysis. Prerequisite: CMTH 101 and MTH 201 or equivalent.
BSC 296   Introduction to Research Methods   3 Units
This is an experimental learning course in which research techniques
and methodologies are studied by developing and carrying out a research
project using the following steps: selection of research problems,
research design, data collection and analysis, statistical computation,
hypothesis testing, and theory building.
BSC 318   Linguistics   3 Units
This course will study language as a fundamental component of human
beings by examining the link between experience, culture, and language
through the investigation of how language communicates, changes, and
is used strategically to accomplish social ends.
BSC 381 Advanced Research Methods I 1-3 Units
This course will allow students in the behavioral sciences major to
participate in advanced research with a faculty member but will not be
offered regularly and will only be run as Independent Study. Prerequisite:
Consent of instructor.
BSC 382 Advanced Research Methods II 1-3 Units
This course will allow students in the behavioral sciences major to
participate in advanced research with a faculty member, but will not be
offered regularly and will only be run as Independent Study. Prerequisite:
Consent of instructor.
BSC 390 Practicum: Behavioral Science 3 Units
A practical experience outside the classroom this is directly related to
the student's major, minor or professional program. It typically involves
"hands-on" experience that is beneficial complement to the student's
academic experience.
BSC 490 Internship: Behavioral Science 8 Units
An intense practical experience outside the classroom that is integral
part of a professional program. This may be either a part-time or a fulltime experience that contributes significantly to the preparation of a
student for entrance into a profession. Approximately 40 contact hours
are required for each unit of credit. Each department may limited the
maximum number of internship credit.
BSC 492   Capstone: The Good Society   3 Units
This course will examine the core liberal arts questions that the
behavioral sciences attempt to address and will serve as a summative
experience for the students in the major. Prerequisites: ANT 364 and
BSC 265 and BSC 296 and BSC 318 and PSY 345 and SOC 321.
Biology (BIO)
BIO 101   Principles of Biology   4 Units
This is an introductory course to the truths of biological sciences
discovered through the hypothetic-deductive approach and its application
to life and limitations for society in such controversial areas as human
reproduction, sexually transmitted diseases, human developmental
termination, genetics, genetic engineering, evolution and the evolutionary
process, and the origin of life. It may be offered as a hybrid course with an
online lecture and in-person lab. Lab fee: $50.
BIO 111   General Biology I   4 Units
This general biology course will examine major principles in biology at the
molecular, cellular, and organism levels. Topics include cellular structure,
metabolism processes, genetics, DNA function and genome expression,
the origin of life and evolutionary principles, biotechnology, and molecular
biology. The course emphasizes laboratory techniques, scientific writing,
and the application of biological principles toward interpretation of case
studies. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Typically
offered each semester.
BIO 112   General Biology II   4 Units
As a continuation of BIO 111, this general biology course examines
major principles in biology at the organism, population, and ecosystem
levels. Topics include the structure, function, and behavior of animals and
plants, evolutionary mechanisms, population dynamics, and ecological
interactions. The course emphasizes laboratory techniques, scientific
writing, and the application of biological principles toward interpretation
of case studies. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50.
Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Typically
offered annually (spring semester).
92 Biology (BIO)
BIO 246   Human Anatomy and Physiology I   4 Units
First of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and
physiology. Topics include the structure and function of cells, tissues, and
the integumentary, skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems. Introduces
common human disease processes. Emphasis is on interrelationships
among systems and regulation of physiological functions involved in
maintaining homeostasis. Laboratory component includes anatomical
studies using microscopy, mammalian dissection, and the study of
physiological concepts via experimentation.  Lab time is included in the
schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 or consent of
instructor. Offered annually (fall semester).
BIO 247   Human Anatomy and Physiology II   4 Units
Second of a two-semester sequence in human anatomy and
physiology. Topics include the endocrine, cardiovascular, lymphatic/
immune, respiratory, digestive, urinary, and reproductive systems.
Introduces common human disease processes. Emphasis is on
interrelationships among systems and regulation of physiological
functions involved in maintain homeostasis. Laboratory component
includes anatomical studies using microscopy, mammalian dissection,
and the study of physiological concepts via experimentation.   Lab time
is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisites: C- or better in
BIO 111 and BIO 246 or consent of instructor. Offered annually (spring
semester).
BIO 308   Molecular Genetics   4 Units
This course will introduce the basic principles of molecular genetics
focused on prokaryotic and eukaryotic gene regulation, recombinant
DNA technology, bioinformatics, and an introduction to Mendelian
genetics. The course emphasizes classical laboratory experimentation
and molecular techniques. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee:
$50. Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 111 and BIO 350 and CHE 221 and
CHE 222 or consent of the instructor. Typically offered annually (spring
semester).
BIO 309 Population Genetics 4 Units
This course will investigate the data, methods, and theory behind
population genetics with an emphasis on human populations.
Prerequisite: C- or better in BIO 112. Typically offered annually (fall
semester).
BIO 317 Ecology 4 Units
Fundamental ecological concepts will be introduced through literature
and illustrated in field investigations focusing on the relation of
organisms to their environment. Field trips and lab time are included in
the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisites: Grade C- or better in BIO 112
and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of the instructor.
Typically offered alternate years (even years, spring semester).
BIO 331   Marine Biology   4 Units
This course will study a variety of marine habitats and organisms, with
emphasis on ecological interactions, physiological and behavioral
adaptations, and current challenges to the marine environment.
Emphasis is placed on local marine ecosystems. Students will learn
current marine research methods in the lab and field. Up to two (2)
weekend field trips are possible in addition to field trips during scheduled
lab time. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Completion of
SCI 318 and BIO 345 is recommended but not required. Prerequisites: Cor better in (BIO 111 and BIO 112) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or
consent of instructor. Typically offered alternate years (odd years, spring
semester).
BIO 341   Plant Biology   4 Units
As an introduction to the basic concepts of plant life, this course will
study the structure, functional form, reproduction, genetics, and ecology
of fungi, algae, and nonvascular and vascular plants. Lab time is included
in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisites: C- or better in BIO 112 and
(CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically
offered alternate years (odd years, spring semester).
BIO 345 Evolutionary Zoology 4 Units
This course will study the diversity of the animal kingdom while focusing
on natural history, anatomy, systematics, and evolutionary principles.
Studied phyla include protozoans through mammals, or a subset therein.
Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisites: C- or
better in (BIO 101 or CBIO 101 or BIO 111) and BIO 112 or consent of
instructor. Typically offered alternate years (even years, fall semester).
BIO 350   Molecular and Cellular Biology   4 Units
A study of plant and animal molecular and cellular structures,
biochemistry, and function is included in this course with an emphasis
on the molecular level of cells, cellular metabolism, and the structure and
function of the major organelles. Lab time is included in the schedule.
Lab fee: $50. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 111 and CHE 221)
and (CHE 222, concurrent enrollment allowed or SCI 115, concurrent
enrollment allowed) or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually
(fall semester).
BIO 351   General Microbiology   4 Units
This course will introduce the morphology, physiology, and ecological and
medical importance of microorganisms (focusing on viruses, bacteria,
molds, and yeasts), with a strong focus on the molecular basis of
physiological processes. Laboratory sessions will emphasize the culture,
physiology, and identification of the major groups of microbes. Lab time
is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisites: C- or better in
(BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or
consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall semester).
BIO 355   Biostatistics   3 Units
This course will introduce statistical analysis concepts and methods
necessary for the interpretation of biological data. This course will
include a hands-on experience with computational methods in the R
software environment and emphasize biological interpretation rather than
statistical theory. Computer lab time is included in the schedule. Typically
offered annually (spring semester).
BIO 361 Field Biology Techniques 3 Units
This field-based course will explore common techniques used to conduct
biological field research and provide hands-on experience with transects,
trapping, quadrats, aquatic survey methods, GPS, GIS, and others. Proper
experimental design and statistical analysis of data will be included
as students design and conduct their own research projects. During
standard Fall or Spring semesters, up to three (3) weekend field trips are
possible in addition to field trips during scheduled lab time or longer trips
during mid-semester breaks. Lab fee: $50 and additional travel costs
may apply. Prerequisites: C- or better in (BIO 101 or CBIO 101 or BIO 111)
and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Offered
alternate years (odd years, fall semester).
BIO 371   Neuroscience   4 Units
This course is an introduction to the neurosciences, including
cellular, systems and cognitive neurobiology, as well as mammalian
neuroanatomy. Primary neurosciencific literature will be analyzed,
and approaches to studying the nervous system will be examined.
Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: C- or
better in BIO 111 or consent of instructor. Typically offered annually (fall
semester).
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 93
BIO 390   Practicum: Biology   1-4 Units
A practical experience outside the classroom that is directly related to
the student's major, minor or professional program. It typically involves
"hands-on" experience in the form of an internship that is a beneficial
complement to the student's academic experience. Offered every
semester, by arrangement.
BIO 401   Biology Seminar   2 Units
This course will take an in-depth look at current biological topics primarily
through the use of primary literature. Library research using scientific
journals may be required to prepare a major paper and oral presentation.
Topics will vary each semester. Prerequisite: Sixteen (16) units of biology
or consent of instructor; restricted to juniors and seniors. May be offered
any semester as arranged by the instructor.
BIO 490   Internship: Biology   1-8 Units
This course is an intense, practical, full- or part-time experience outside
the classroom that is an integral part of a professional program,
contributing significantly to the student's preparation for entrance into
a profession. Approximately forty (40) contact hours are required for
each unit of credit. Each department may limit the maximum number of
internship credit.
BIO 496   Research in Biology   0.5-2 Units
This course will require students to apply research methods and skills in
the field of biology towards the completion of original student-conducted
research. This course may require library research, field and/or laboratory
research, and statistical analysis to be completed under the supervision
of a faculty advisor. Independent lab time is included in the schedule.
Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: C- or better in SCI 495 or consent of instructor.
Course may be taken for a range of units (0.5-2 units per semester) but 2
units are required before advancing to BIO 499. Offered each semester.
BIO 499   Senior Thesis   1 Unit
A culmination of original student-conducted scientific research or
internship experience (B.A. only) resulting in a formal written report, a
public seminar-style oral presentation, and public poster presentation.
Prerequisite: C- or better in (SCI 495 and 2 units of BIO 496) or (3 units in
BIO 490) or consent of instructor; restricted to seniors. Typically offered
each semester.
Business Data Analytics (BDA)
BDA 337 Introduction to Business Data Analytics 3 Units
This is an introductory course teaching applied job skills in close
connection to the concepts and theories that drive the daily decisions
relevant to data analysis and business intelligence. Each module
focuses on a primary theme with real world cases where students will
start by grappling with business problems and the underlying data to
methodically drill down and solve problems from a technical approach. A
few of these topics include, applications of statistics, data visualization
tools in Excel, linear regression, time-series, classification algorithms, and
bias in data.
BDA 338 Data Wrangling and Decision Making 3 Units
Data wrangling transforms and maps raw data into formats highly useful
for analytics and improved decision making. The course is structured
to provide students with in-demand job skills in SQL focusing on realworld applications from companies such as YouTube and Kickstarter. A
combination of online lectures, live discussions with course instructors
and classmates refine student capability in applying SQL tools (no coding
experience is required) to business situations. Prerequisite: BDA 337.
BDA 436 Data Visualization 3 Units
Data visualization is an interdisciplinary field that deals with the visual
representation of information and data through graphs, maps and charts
to identify, understand and communicate trends, patterns and sometimes
outliers. This course is structured to provide students the tools to design
usable dashboards using real-world datasets from Uber, The New York
Times, US Census Bureau and others. A combination of online lectures,
live discussions with course instructors and classmates refine student
capability in applying Tableau (no coding experience is required) to
business situations. Prerequisite: BDA 337.
BDA 437 Fundamentals of Machine Learning 3 Units
This course focuses on developing programming skills relevant to data
analysis and machine learning with a focus on real-world applications.
State-of-the-art low-code solutions are used throughout the course,
allowing students to immediately begin running models that focus
on understanding conceptual material first before diving deeper into
technical details. Students use the Python programming language,
along with a complete set of open source tools. The material covers the
various phases of exploratory data analysis: importing data, cleaning
and transforming data, algorithmic thinking, grouping and aggregation,
visualization, prediction and communication of results. Prerequisite:
BDA 337 and BUS 261.
BDA 475 Business Data Analytics Thesis 3 Units
This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and
related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation
and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge
introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses.
Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing
strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam Fee required.
Prerequisites: Business Major with Senior Standing and FIN 331 and
MGT 321 and MKT 341.
Business (BUS)
BUS 201 Introduction to Management, Marketing and Information
Technology 3 Units
This survey course will look at today's American business systems
including a study of various types of businesses and the information they
gather, store, and process, including administration and management of
people, facilities, and information. Course will include relevant computer
experience simulating business situations.
BUS 224 Business Writing and Presentations 1 Unit
This course will be a study and practice of effective strategies for clear
business communication in both written and oral forms, as well as the
technology to access and share information.
BUS 251   Legal Environment of Business   3 Units
This course prepares students to think factually and analytically at the
areas of law that affect agreements and commerce between individuals
and entities in the areas of, but not limited to, contracts, torts, entity
formation, agency, real property, estate and trusts and investor protection.
BUS 261 Business Analysis Tools and Business Statistics 3 Units
This course will focus on business analysis and problem solving
strategies through the application of Microsoft Excel and deployment of
business statistics analytics.
94 Chemistry (CHE)
BUS 390 ENACTUS 1-3 Units
This course is a partnership of students, professionals, and educators
who work together to teach people about market economics, success
skills, entrepreneurship, financial literacy, and ethics, giving students the
opportunity to help people around the world while developing skills that
are valued in the workplace.
BUS 475   Business Strategy   3 Units
This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and
related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation
and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge
introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses.
Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing
strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam Fee required.
Prerequisites: Business Major with Senior Standing and FIN 331 and
MGT 321 and MKT 341.
BUS 483   Business Ethics   3 Units
The purpose of this course is to develop a foundation for business
ethical decision making and ethical evaluation. The focus includes
global and domestic economic, social and legal environmental issues.
Ideals, laws and values are evaluated with application of Business Ethics
theory and philosophy. Case studies and classical literature underscore
learning modalities embracing ethical decision making and analysis. A
culmination of previous work is applied. Prerequisites: Senior standing;
Business, Economics or Sports Business major.
BUS 490A Professional Development and Internship Emphasis 1-2
Units
The Concordia School of Business and Economics Internship facilitates
a student's transition from academic theory to real-life business
practices and builds professional networks. An internship related to
a student's academic emphasis helps clarify goals, adds value to the
Concordia academic experience and opens doors to future employment.
The course provides practice in the development of a personal brand
as well as skills needed in the pursuit of an internship and eventual
employment followed by an off-site internship. Students meet with their
internship director before beginning the off-site internship for advice
and placement approval. Periodic student reports and written feedback
from the sponsoring business are required and must demonstrate the
skill acquired during the internship. Students must take a minimum
cumulative total of two (2) units earned in one (1) unit credit hours.
Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisites: Business Major with
Junior or Senior standing and MGT 321 and BUS 224.
BUS 490B Professional Development and Internship Elective 1-6 Units
The Concordia School of Business and Economics Internship facilitates
a student’s transition from academic theory to real-life business
practices and builds professional networks. An internship related to
a student's academic emphasis helps clarify goals, adds value to the
Concordia academic experience and opens doors to future employment.
The course provides practice in the development of a personal brand
as well as skills needed in the pursuit of an internship and eventual
employment followed by an off-site internship. Students meet with their
internship director before beginning the off-site internship for advice
and placement approval. Periodic student reports and written feedback
from the sponsoring business are required and must demonstrate the
skill acquired during the internship. This course provides additional
experience beyond the two (2) unit program cumulative internship
minimum as students may take one (1) additional unit of internship.
Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisites: Business Major with
Junior or Senior standing and MGT 321 and BUS 224.
Chemistry (CHE)
CHE 101 Introduction to Chemistry 4 Units
This course will cover the systematic exploration of basic chemical
principles including matter, atoms, ions, moles, molecular and iconic
compounds, chemical reactions, stoichiometry, and solutions. Scientific
method and epistemology in the context of the interface between
the Christian faith and the chemical sciences will be introduced and
developed. Lab fee: $50. Lab time is included in the schedule.
CHE 221 Chemistry I 4 Units
A systematic exploration of fundamental chemical principles including
matter, energy, electromagnetic radiation, atomic structure, periodicity,
stoichiometry, chemical bonding, and structure will be examined in
this course, including the introduction to the scientific method and
epistemology in the context of the interface between the Christian faith
and the chemical sciences. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab
fee: $50. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 101, or a passing score on the
Chemistry Placement Exam, or consent of department chair.
CHE 222 Chemistry II 4 Units
The major topics of this course will include solubility products, chemical
thermodynamics, chemical kinetics, and qualitative analysis. Lab time
is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: C- or better in
CHE 221.
CHE 321 Organic Chemistry I 4 Units
This course will examine the fundamental concepts relating to organic
compounds with an emphasis on structure, nomenclature, theory,
bonding, stereochemistry, reaction mechanisms, and physical and
chemical properties of the principle classes of compounds. Lab time
is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: C- or better in
CHE 222.
CHE 322 Organic Chemistry II 4 Units
This course will focus on aromaticity, advanced synthesis and reaction
mechanisms, kinetics, organometallic chemistry, and bio-organic
chemistry. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 321.
CHE 354 Inorganic Chemistry 4 Units
Through a systematic exposition of major trends in structure, bonding,
reactivity, and spectroscopy across the periodic table, this course
will include main group chemistry, transition metal and coordination
chemistry, lanthanide/actinide chemistry, organometallic chemistry,
bioinorganic chemistry, solid state chemistry, electron transfer processes,
and generalized concepts of acidity. Lab time is included in the schedule.
Lab fee: $50. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 or consent of
instructor.
CHE 371 Chemistry For Healthcare and Nursing 4 Units
An introductory chemistry course organized into three parts: general
chemistry, organic chemistry, and biochemistry. The topics covered
are those needed to describe some of the chemical processes
that occur in the human body and understand various advances in
medical terminology. The topics include the metric system, atoms,
molecules, bonding, reactions, heat, equilibrium, organic reactions, and
biomolecules. Lab time is included in the schedule.
CHE 401 Chemical Education for the Secondary Teacher 3 Units
Development of practical, hands-on, cost effective, and safe strategies
for teaching modern chemical concepts, imparting rigor, standards,
and conducting exciting, pedagogically effective chemistry laboratory
experiments in the secondary school setting will be the focus of this
course which meets California K-12 content standards. Lab fee: $50.
Prerequisite: Junior or senior standing.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 95
CHE 402 Chemistry Seminar 2 Units
This course will take an in-depth look at current topics in chemistry and
related fields. Topics will focus on fields such as inorganic chemistry,
physical chemistry, organic chemistry, and biochemistry. Emphasis will
be placed on searching for, reading and evaluating the primary literature.
Topics will vary each semester. Prerequisites: sixteen (16) units of
chemistry; restricted to juniors and seniors.
CHE 403 Biological Inorganic Chemistry 3 Units
This course will investigate the roles of metals in biology. Topics will
include metals homeostasis in living organisms, metalloenzymes, metals
in medicine, metalloproteins that function in respiration, photosynthesis,
and electronic transfer. Prerequisite: CHE 421 (concurrent enrollment
allowed) or consent of instructor.
CHE 405   Chemical Biology   3 Units
This course will investigate modern topics of chemical biology. Topics
will include protein modification, solid phase synthesis of proteins and
DNA, chemical tags of biomolecules, biomimetic structures, unnatural
nucleic acids and proteins, and medicinal chemistry. Prerequisite:
CHE 421 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or consent of instructor.
CHE 418 Molecular Spectroscopy 4 Units
An advanced exposition of theoretical concepts with experimental
aspects of atomic and molecular spectroscopy on electronic absorption,
electronic luminescence, Raman, and infrared spectroscopes within a
group theoretical and symmetry-based conceptual framework. Lab time
is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: C- or better in
CHE 431 and CHE 432 (concurrent enrollment allowed for CHE 432) or
consent of instructor.
CHE 421 Biochemistry I 4 Units
This course will provide an introduction to the principles of chemistry
that govern life systems including topics in pH and buffers, enzymes,
amino acids, proteins, lipids, carbohydrates, nucleic acids, and
metabolic pathways with exercises emphasizing protein purification and
characterization techniques, plus kinetic modeling. Lab time is included
in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 221 and
CHE 222 and CHE 321 and CHE 322 (concurrent enrollment allowed for
CHE 322) or consent of instructor.
CHE 422 Biochemistry II 3 Units
This course is the second semester of a two-semester general
biochemistry course which will be focusing on structural biology and
information pathways, including topics amino acids, proteins, nucleic
acids, genes and chromosomes, DNA/RNA/protein metabolism. Lab
time is included in the schedule. Prerequisite: CHE 321 and CHE 322 and
CHE 421 or consent of instructor.
CHE 424 Analytical Chemistry 4 Units
Theory and fundamental techniques of qualitative and quantitative
chemical analysis via classical and advanced instrumental methods will
be the focus of this course. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee:
$50. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 or consent of instructor.
CHE 431 Physical Chemistry I 4 Units
This course will cover classical thermodynamics: 0th, 1st, 2nd, and
3rd laws, gas laws, and kinetic molecular theory of gases, colligative
properties, solubility's, equilibria, phases and phase transitions, and
electrochemistry. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50.
Prerequisites: C- or better in (CHE 222 and MTH 272) and (PHY 211 or
PHY 221) and MTH 373 (concurrent enrollment allowed for MTH 373) or
consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.
CHE 432 Physical Chemistry II 4 Units
This course will examine quantum mechanics; atomic and molecular
orbital theory; symmetry, atomic, and molecular spectroscopy;
statistical thermodynamics; and philosophical/scientific implications
of quantum mechanics. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee:
$50. Prerequisite: C- or better in CHE 431 or consent of instructor. Offered
alternate years.
CHE 490 Internship: Chemistry 8 Units
This course is an intense, practical, full- or part-time experience outside
the classroom that is an integral part of a professional program,
contributing significantly to the student's preparation for entrance into
a profession. Approximately forty (40) contact hours are required for
each unit of credit. Each department may limit the maximum number of
internship credit.
CHE 496 Research in Chemistry 0.5-2 Units
As a hands-on introduction to chemical research, this course will
emphasize research process, skills, and methods including lab research,
library research, peer reviewed chemical abstracts and journals,
electronic chemical databases, professional journal manuscript style
guides, and statistical analysis which will be used in writing research
manuscripts and making research presentations. Lab time is included
in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Course may be taken for a range of units
(0.5-2 units per semester). Prerequisite: C- or better in SCI 495.
CHE 499   Senior Thesis   1 Unit
This course will be a culmination of original student-conducted scientific
research resulting in a paper and presentation. Prerequisites: C- or better
in CHE 496 and SCI 495; restricted to seniors.
Christ College (CCI)
CCI 103 Introduction to Ministry 1 Unit
This course will explore Christian vocations including the possibility of
full-time professional church work in The Lutheran Church—Missouri
Synod (LCMS) as pastor, deaconess, teacher, director of Christian
education, or director of parish music and examine these positions in the
context of the church-at-large and local congregations. The professional
and personal growth and formation of the future church worker will be
described and fostered.
CCI 111 Seminar in Pastoral Ministry 0.5 Units
This seminar course is for students pursuing the vocation of pastor in
The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS). Participants will explore
areas of interest and concern that pertain specifically to pastors. The role
of pastors will be examined in the context of the church-at-large and the
local congregation. The professional and personal growth and formation
of the future pastor will be described and fostered. Students in the PreSeminary program must take one (1) seminar course per year, normally
in the semester they are not taking CCI 103 or CCI 305. Repeatable.
Prerequisite: Program acceptance or consent of instructor.
CCI 112 Seminar in DCE Ministry 0.5 Units
This seminar course is for students pursuing the vocation of Director
of Christian Education (DCE) in The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod
(LCMS). Participants will explore areas of interest and concern that
pertain specifically to DCEs. The role of DCEs will be examined in
the context of the church-at-large and the local congregation. The
professional and personal growth and formation of the future DCE will
be described and fostered. Students in the DCE program must take one
(1) seminar course per year, normally in the semester they are not taking
CCI 103 or CCI 305. Repeatable. Prerequisite: Program acceptance or
consent of instructor.
96 Christian Education (CED)
CCI 113 Seminar in Teaching Ministry 0.5 Units
This seminar course is for students pursuing the vocation of teacher in
The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS). Participants will explore
areas of interest and concern that pertain specifically to teachers. The
role of Lutheran teachers will be examined in the context of the churchat-large and the local congregation. The professional and personal
growth and formation of the future Lutheran teacher will be described
and fostered. Students in the Lutheran teaching program must take one
(1) seminar course per year, normally in the semester they are not taking
CCI 103 or CCI 305. Repeatable. Prerequisite: Program acceptance or
consent of instructor.
CCI 117 Seminar in Parish Music 0.5 Units
This seminar course is for students pursuing the vocation of Director of
Parish Music (DPM) in The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS).
Participants will explore areas of interest and concern that pertain
specifically to DPMs. The role of DPMs will be examined in the context
of the church-at-large and the local congregation. The professional and
personal growth and formation of the future DPM will be described and
fostered. Students in the DPM program must take one (1) seminar course
per year, normally in the semester they are not taking CCI 103 or CCI 305.
Repeatable. Prerequisite: Program acceptance or consent of instructor.
CCI 118 Seminar in Deaconess Ministry 0.5 Units
This seminar course is for students pursuing the vocation of deaconess
in The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS). Participants will explore
areas of interest and concern that pertain specifically to deaconesses.
The role of deaconesses will be examined in the context of the church-atlarge and the local congregation. The professional and personal growth
and formation of the future deaconess will be described and fostered.
Students in the deaconess program must take one (1) seminar course
per year, normally in the semester they are not taking CCI 103 or CCI 305.
Repeatable. Prerequisite: Program acceptance or consent of instructor.
CCI 305 Called to Teach the Faith 3 Units
All Christian ministers teach the faith in their various callings. This
course will equip future ministers to properly apply Law and Gospel in a
variety of educational contexts, to theologically evaluate curricula, and
to participate in effective faith formation. Students are personally and
professionally prepared for full-time ministry through topics such as the
local and national church, the call process, Christian professionalism
and ethics, and through spiritual and personal health. This class will also
address income tax, social security, and financial planning for called
ministers. Prerequisites: Acceptance into an LCMS church vocations
program; completion of THL 371 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or
consent of the instructor.
CCI 390   Practicum: Classical Academy   1-3 Units
CCI 391   Practicum: Church Music   0.5-2 Units
This is a supervised experience in leadership of campus worship music or
preliminary field work in a Christian congregation. Usually taken in .5 unit
increments.
CCI 392 Practicum: Lutheran Teaching 0.5-3 Units
This course provides Lutheran Teaching students the opportunity
to experience and participate in the day to day events of a Lutheran
classroom and school setting with the support of an experienced mentor.
Students will be equipped with valuable hands-on experiences, acquire
networking potential with school professionals, practice their teaching
skills, and attend a worship service of the associated church. Students
will glean support and feedback from the instructor and mentor during
the practicum. May be repeated for credit.
CCI 491   Senior Fieldwork in Church Music I   3 Units
This is an extended supervised field work course in musical leadership
in a Christian congregation. Prerequisites: Fingerprint clearance and
approval of the DPM program director.
CCI 492   Senior Fieldwork in Church Music II   3 Units
A continuation of CCI 491. Prerequisites: CCI 491 and approval of DPM
director.
Christian Education (CED)
CED 201 Introduction to Christian Education: Theory and Practice 3
Units
Students will be introduced to the biblical, theological, and historical
foundations of Christian education within the church in this course
as they meet and observe Christian education practitioners; create a
philosophy of ministry; begin a professional portfolio; and explore their
personal interests, giftedness, and skills in relation to those needed for
success in Christian education leadership. Students will also determine
their commitment to The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod Director
of Christian Education program. Course requirement: Completion of
fingerprint clearance procedures including payment of appropriate fees.
CED 202   Church Leadership and Administration   3 Units
In this course students will explore biblical principles and current
practices of leaders and managers: envisioning, organizing, recruitment,
training, and supervision of volunteers, budgeting, publicizing, and
evaluating with special emphasis upon the application of these functions
to church and parachurch leadership and administration. Learning
culminates in a strategic ministry plan used within students' fieldwork
congregations. Prerequisite: Fingerprint clearance or consent of Christ
College's Office of Church Vocations.
CED 350   Learning Across the Life Span   3 Units
This course will present the major concepts, theories and applications
related to both the typical and atypical spiritual, moral, cognitive, social,
and emotional development across the lifespan in the context of local
church ministry. Knowledge gained in this course lays a foundation for
leadership of children's, family, youth, adult, and special needs ministry.
CED 370 Children’s and Family Ministry 3 Units
This course will examine and evaluate methods and materials appropriate
for faith development and reflective of the physical, mental, social,
emotional, and spiritual needs of children aged birth through grade six.
Evaluation of curriculum, facilities, policies, and procedures towards
a comprehensive ministry to and with children and their families will
be addressed, emphasizing the involvement of children along with
their families into the total life of the church. A fieldwork component is
required.
CED 380 Youth Ministry and Culture 3 Units
This course examines youth ministry in the context of cultural influences
on adolescents in society today through the lens of Lutheran theology.
The course will include discussions on traditional adolescent issues and
responses that seek to address these issues. A fieldwork component is
required.
CED 390 Practicum: DCE Ministry 1-3 Units
In this course students will spend time on-site with a serving DCE to
acquire experience and skills related to DCE ministry including evaluation
of the practicum experience. Prerequisites: CED 201 and full acceptance
into Christ College and the DCE program (unless waived by the program
director). Repeatable. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 97
CED 401   Senior Fieldwork Seminar I   3 Units
In this course students will spend time on-site with a serving DCE to
acquire experience and skills related to DCE ministry, including evaluation
of the practicum experience, presentation of current DCE ministry trends,
resources, and philosophies. Prerequisites: Student is in final year of
and fully accepted into the DCE program/Christian Education Leadership
major.
CED 402   Senior Fieldwork Seminar II   3 Units
Continuation of CED 401. Prerequisite: CED 401.
CED 455 Catechesis: Theory and Practice 3 Units
This course will survey the history, theory, and practice of catechesis
in the Lutheran Church. Students will examine a variety of catechetical
models and skills needed to develop a holistic approach to the catechesis
of youth, adults, and families. A fieldwork component is required. Offered
in alternate years. Prerequisite: THL 371 (concurrent enrollment allowed).
CED 460 Adult Ministry 3 Units
This course will introduce students to the theological foundation
of ministry to and with adults, stages of adulthood, adult learning,
generational theories, unique needs of contemporary adults, theory and
practice of small group ministry, and current programs and practices
which will equip adults for ministry, build-up the body of Christ, and
develop adults' faith in Christ.
CED 470 Family Systems 3 Units
This course will examine the dynamics of family interaction from a
systems perspective. An understanding of family systems theory will be
applied to the historical, sociological, theological, and biblical contexts
of family life and the church. Topics will include family formation, the
process of family life, family history, non-nuclear families, and crisis
assessment.
CED 490   Internship: DCE   0.5-6 Units
A mentored, full-time, year-long experience in a congregation of The
Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS) or ministry under the
supervision of a called LCMS minister, enabling students to experience
as many aspects of a congregation's educational ministries as possible.
This may include children's, youth, family, adult, and other congregational
ministries (e.g., evangelism, church music, etc.). The internship is
designed to be a mutually cooperative ministry relationship between
student, congregation, and the university. Prerequisites: Satisfactory
completion of academic program requirements and preliminary
theological approval from the LCMS Church Vocations Council. Twelve
(12) months of internship are required for DCE certification. Offered as a
Pass/No Pass course.
CED 491 International Internship: DCE Ministry 6 Units
A continuation of CED 490 in an international context ordinarily eighteen
to twenty-four (18-24) months in duration, taken in the second (2nd)
year of an international internship. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.
Prerequisite: Two (2) semesters of CED 490.
Church Leadership (MACL)
MACL 103 Introduction to Ministry Leadership 1 Unit
This course explores the biblical teaching on ministry and how the Lord
calls specific persons to take up the mantle of ministry leadership in
His church today. The professional, personal, and spiritual growth and
formation of the future ministry leader is investigated, discussed, and
fostered.
MACL 340   Conflict Resolution   3 Units
This course will focus on the approaches that a leader can use to resolve
conflict through the study of constructive and destructive conflict,
conflict resolution styles, family systems theory, and various approaches
to conflict resolution with attention given to conflict in values- and faithbased organizations.
MACL 350   Legal Aspects of Managing a Nonprofit   3 Units
This course will examine the implications associated with the laws that
govern nonprofits and their leadership. Students will become familiar
with legal issues and the fiduciary responsibilities of nonprofit leaders
and boards including how to file for tax-exempt status and how to report
contributions.
MACL 360 Fundraising and Resource Development 3 Units
This course will examine ways to raise funds from government,
foundation, corporate, and individual sources; how to identify, cultivate,
and solicit prospective donors; and explore budget preparation, proposal
submission, and reviewer practices.
MACL 370   Financial Management of a Nonprofit   3 Units
This course will concentrate on applying accounting principles to
financial reporting and monitoring functions with a focus on budget
development, day-to-day fiscal management, financial controls, and
the regulatory reporting requirements of non-governmental, nonprofit
organizations.
MACL 390 Practicum: Ministry Leadership 1-3 Units
In this course students will spend time on-site with a supervising minister
to acquire experience and skills related to ministry, including evaluation
of the practicum experience. This course is repeatable and is offered as
a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: MACL 103 and full acceptance into
BS or BA in Theological Studies: Ministry Leadership.
MACL 401 Ministry Seminar and Internship I 3 Units
In this course students will spend time on-site with a serving minister
to acquire experience and skills related to ministry, including evaluation
of the practicum experience, presentation of current ministry trends,
resources, and philosophies. Prerequisites: Student is in final year of and
fully accepted into the Center for Church Leadership Program.
MACL 402 Ministry Seminar and Internship II 3 Units
Continuation of MACL 401. Prerequisite: MACL 401.
MACL 404 Survey of Historical Theology 3 Units
An introduction to historical theology and a survey of the development
of the theological formulations of the church. Special emphasis will be
placed on “challenges to orthodoxy” laid upon the church at various
times, and the role such events played in the church’s confessional
responses. These will be examined to enhance understanding of the
church’s theological and doctrinal tasks today.
MACL 410 Lutheran Confessions 3 Units
A study of the Augsburg Confession, The Apology of the Augsburg
Confession, Luther’s Large and Small Catechisms, The Smalcald Articles,
The Treatise on the Power and Primacy of the Pope and the Formula
of Concord in terms of their historical setting and their theological
content. Explores the relationship of the Confessions to Scripture, and the
confessional application of their teaching in the 21st century context.
MACL 411   Creeds and Confessions   3 Units
A study of major confessions of the Christian Church. This course centers
on the Ecumenical Creeds and the Book of Concord. Other confessional
documents are considered in relationship to these confessional
statements. The historical setting and theological content of these
documents will be explored along with their contemporary use and
application.
98 Communication Studies (COM)
MACL 414   The Synoptic Gospels and Acts   3 Units
This course will offer a comprehensive overview of all isagogical
information concerning the Synoptic Gospels and Acts. An individual
Gospel will be selected and translated with a focus on the theological
meaning, emphasis, and its modern application. Prerequisite: GRE 102
and permission of the college.
MACL 420 Romans/Pauline Literature 3 Units
This course will offer a comprehensive overview of the Pauline corpus
(excluding the prison and pastoral epistles) with an in-depth study of
correspondence with one of the congregations including an inspection
of the literary, cultural, and structural issues with attention paid to
the theological content, meaning, and suggested applications for
contemporary issues. Prerequisite: GRE 102 and permission of the
college.
MACL 421   Theology and Practice of Mission   3 Units
This course will root the work of "evangelism/outreach" in a thoroughly
biblical view of mission and develop practical outreach methodologies
to be used in a congregational and/or mission setting as students
produce an "educational" plan that will allow the identification, training,
and deploying of committed Christian leaders for the growth of Christ's
church. Prerequisite: Permission of the college.
MACL 422   Spiritual Care   3 Units
This course explores various areas of spiritual care offered by ministry
leaders as they serve church members in their individual and corporate
needs. The application of God’s Word and the assurance of his grace
is stressed as ministers serve in times of crisis, illness, grief and also
in joyful life events. Application will be made in fieldwork or internship
churches. Prerequisite: Permission of the college.
MACL 428 Seminar in Biblical Theology and Exegesis 3 Units
A seminar covering the Canon and Inspiration of Scripture, as well
as major themes which run through the Old and New Testaments.
Appropriate exegetical methods for interpreting various literary genres
within the Bible will also be engaged.
MACL 429 Biblical Theology and Exegesis 3 Units
This course will study the Lutheran understanding of the nature of
Scripture followed by an examination of its major themes with an
emphasis on interpretive principles (e.g., Law and Gospel) for use in
congregational ministry.
MACL 430   Communicating the Gospel I   3 Units
This course explores how ministry leaders connect the Word of God
to those they serve. Students will learn and apply sound exegetical
principles, including how the right distinction of Law and Gospel is
essential to effective application of Scripture to people today. Students
will analyze texts, prepare presentations that are appropriate to their area
of service, and explore effective communication strategies. Application
will be made in fieldwork or internship churches. Prerequisite: Permission
of the college.
MACL 431   Communicating the Gospel II   3 Units
This course explores the purpose, function, and structure of Gospel
communication in various contexts. Building on MACL 430, it will
continue to explore sound exegetical principles in parables, miracles, and
Old Testament texts. Students will analyze texts, prepare presentations
that are appropriate to their area of service, and explore creative
illustration of biblical themes. Application will be made in fieldwork or
internship churches. Prerequisite: MACL 430.
MACL 432   Johannine Corpus   3 Units
This course will offer a comprehensive overview of the Johannine Corpus
and an in-depth study of one of the books as the literary genre, exegetical,
and interpretational issues are examined and how they enhance one's
understanding of the book. Prerequisite: GRE 102 and permission of the
college.
MACL 440   Entrepreneurial Mission Planting   3 Units
Explores business and entrepreneurial methods as they apply to church
planters and new mission starts. Practical emphasis upon understanding
entrepreneurial leadership, team ministry, learning from success, dealing
with risk, reaching new people, developing marketing materials, financial
planning and cash flow, and balancing a busy life will be presented
by guest lecturers experienced in entrepreneurial church leadership.
Prerequisite: Permission of the college.
MACL 442 Christian Worship in Cultural Context 3 Units
This course will examine and assess the historical and theological
understanding of worship within the Lutheran context, observing the
forms and practice of worship within present, ethnic/multi-cultural
communities. Guided by proper theological, historical, and contextual
models, students will promote sacramental worship in various, new
ethnic/multi-cultural missional settings. Prerequisite: Permission of the
college.
MACL 444 Pastoral Epistles 3 Units
The course offers a comprehensive overview of all isagogical information
concerning Paul's Prison Epistles, the Pastoral Epistles, the General
Epistles and Hebrews. Individual books will also be selected for indepth translation and application. Particular attention will be paid to the
pastoral and church related issues proclaimed in the epistles towards
a practical competency of leading a congregation in the ethnic, multicultural context of modern pastoral mission work. Prerequisite: GRE 102
or equivalent, and permission of the college.
MACL 465 Christianity, Ethics, and Contemporary Culture 3 Units
An exploration of morality and ethics in the light of Scriptural teaching
concerning both creation and redemption. Seminar participants will be
oriented to the main approaches, both traditional and contemporary,
of non-biblical philosophical ethics and will study how Christian faith
interacts with these approaches. The significance for ethics of the
Lutheran Confessional distinction between God’s left and right hand rule
will be explored in depth. Seminar participants will pursue a research
project in ethics.
MACL 473   Systematic Doctrinal Theology   3 Units
Instructor and students will pursue graduate-level study of systematic
doctrinal theology in biblical perspective. The course surveys the loci,
i.e. the topics, of doctrinal theology. In the process we will consider
the nature and task of theological reflection; the responsibilities and
qualities of a theologian; and such key topics in theological reflection as
the Person and Work of Christ, Justification, Law and Gospel, the Trinity,
Creation, the Word of God, the Last Things, Christian Vocation, and the life
of the Christian Church. Special attention will be given to recognizing and
characterizing the church-related context in which and for which theology
is undertaken. Our exciting and demanding task is to focus in every class
session on theology that will serve the Church, the Body of Christ.
Communication Studies (COM)
COM 111   Public Speaking   3 Units
This course will examine the principles and practice of effective oral
communication and the analysis of the speaking-listening process with
an emphasis on informative and persuasive speaking experiences.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 99
COM 211   Introduction to Argumentation and Debate   3 Units
As a performance-based course, students will learn argument design,
use of reason and evidence, and practice in a competitive academic
debate setting with a focus on critical thinking, research skills, and the
oral expression of arguments with rhetorical and presentational power.
COM 216   Interpersonal Communication   3 Units
This course will analyze person-to-person communicative behavior in
contexts ranging from informal to organizational looking at topics such
as attraction, trust, language, and nonverbal behavior.
COM 222 Theory and Practice of Journalism 3 Units
This course will introduce the basics of journalism writing, style,
theory, investigation, ethics, and interviewing including news, features,
sports, review, and opinion styles. At least six (6) written articles will be
submitted to The Concordia Courier.
COM 231   Newspaper I   1 Unit
This course will introduce the practice of journalism with an emphasis
on one or more combinations of news writing, opinion writing, layout, and
production of The Concordia Courier.
COM 232   Newspaper II   1 Unit
This course will introduce the practice of journalism with an emphasis
on one or more combinations of news writing, opinion writing, layout, and
production of The Concordia Courier. Prerequisite: COM 222 or COM 231.
COM 280   Theories of Human Communication   3 Units
As a systematic exploration of the theories scholars use to explain
human communication, this course will deal with rhetoric, persuasion,
interpersonal, intercultural, small group, media, organizational, and
gender communications.
COM 311 Advanced Public Speaking 3 Units
This course is an advanced study of speech communication with an
emphasis on professional speaking techniques, humor, and the use of
stories. Oral assignments will include serious and humorous personal
stories that make a point; persuasive and special occasion speeches; and
a final professional presentation. Speeches will be viewed and analyzed.
Prerequisite: COM 111 or COM 211 or consent of instructor.
COM 313   Health Communication   3 Units
In this course, we will explore the dynamics of health communication
theories, research, and practice to understand health problems, both
globally and locally, and how we experience, manage, and communicate
about and within health contexts (e.g., illness, stress, death, etc.). This
course explores the various ways that individuals organizations, and
societies define illness and wellness and how individuals can use health
information to bring about positive changes in their relationships,
communities, and society at large.
COM 321   Digital Media Communication   3 Units
This course will focus on the personalities, inventions, developments,
terminologies, and issues closely associated with seven (7) mass media
industries with a special emphasis on internship preparation and media
job opportunities. Article reports using business magazines, newspapers,
and trade journals read by media professionals will be required.
COM 324   Intercultural Communication   3 Units
Social and cultural variables in speech communication processes and
strategies for resolving communication problems in intercultural settings
with an emphasis on variables such as perception, roles, language codes,
and nonverbal communication will be examined in this course.
COM 328   Small Group Communication   3 Units
Group process theories relevant to communicative behavior in the small
group setting will be examined in this course along with the analysis
of group member behavior, interaction patterns, and problem-solving
techniques in various group discussion settings.
COM 331   Newspaper III   1 Unit
As an advanced experience in the practice of journalism this course will
emphasize any one or a combination of news writing, editing, and page
layout as well as production of The Concordia Courier. Prerequisites:
(COM 222 or COM 231) and COM 232.
COM 332   Newspaper IV   1 Unit
As an advanced experience in the practice of journalism this course will
emphasize any one or a combination of news writing, editing, and page
layout as well as production of The Concordia Courier. Prerequisites:
(COM 222 or COM 231) and COM 232.
COM 335 Nonverbal Communication 3 Units
This course will examine the theory and research on nonverbal
aspects of communication with an emphasis on developing effective
communication skills related to physical appearance, dress, body
movement, face and eye communication, vocal cues, and the use of
environment and space.
COM 340 Rhetorical and Persuasive Theories 3 Units
Primarily from a social scientific approach, this course will examine the
basic theories and techniques of influence, providing students with an
awareness of the nature, function, and scope of attitude change as well
as the concepts of attitudes, credibility, resistance to persuasion, ethics,
and modern advertising practices.
COM 344 Theory and Practice of Interviewing 3 Units
This course will examine the theory and techniques of oral
communication in the process of interviewing with the practical
application to employment, information gathering (as in journalism
and investigations), and persuasive interviews (as in selling and legal
argument).
COM 371   Introduction to Social Media   3 Units
This course will explore the fundamentals of and introduce social media
and other emerging technologies and tools, current trends and future
directions, benefits, values, and risks. Case studies will be reviewed
to assess how social media impacts and influences fields such as
communication and marketing and how it informs future trends and
developments. Prerequisites: (WRT 102 or WRT 201) and (COM 280 or
MKT 341).
COM 390   Practicum: Communication   0.5-4 Units
A practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom directly related
to the student's major, minor or professional program that is a beneficial
complement to the student's academic experience.
COM 391   Practicum: Newspaper   1 Unit
This is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom directly
related to the student's major, minor, or professional program that is a
beneficial complement to the student's academic experience.
COM 392   Practicum: Campus Radio   0.5-1 Units
This is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom directly
related to the student's major, minor, or professional program that is a
beneficial complement to the student's academic experience.
COM 393 Practicum: Yearbook 0.5-1 Units
This is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom directly
related to the student's major, minor, or professional program that is a
beneficial complement to the student's academic experience.
100 Computer Science (CSC)
COM 394 Practicum: Forensics 0.5-4 Units
This is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom directly
related to the student's major, minor, or professional program that is a
beneficial complement to the student's academic experience.
COM 400   Communication Capstone   2 Units
As the capstone course for Communication Studies major, this course
serves as the culminating experience in the major. In conjunction with,
and under the direction of the student's mentor professor, each student
will develop and complete a culminating research project, comprised
of a written paper and an oral presentation. Prerequisites: (COM 485 or
COM 488) and senior standing.
COM 412 Media and Script Writing 3 Units
This course will examine script writing for radio, television and film
with projects including announcements, commercials, news, features,
documentaries, comedy, and game and music shows.
COM 422   Studies in Public Relations   3 Units
Public relations (PR) as a communication discipline will be examined
in this course with an emphasis on developing and implementing
campaigns including presentations by PR professionals and in-class
projects/exercises on topics such as public relations in nonprofit
organizations, corporate and social responsibility, media relations,
technology, and ethical issues.
COM 431   Newspaper V   1 Unit
This course represents the highest level of journalistic expertise and
is reserved for members of The Concordia Courier editorial staff.
Prerequisite: Consent of the instructor.
COM 432   Newspaper VI   1 Unit
This course represents the highest level of journalistic expertise and
is reserved for members of The Concordia Courier editorial staff.
Prerequisite: Consent of the instructor.
COM 451   Organizational Communication   3 Units
The role of communication in achieving organizational goals; the theory
and practice of communication in private and public organizations; and
techniques to enhance understanding in organizations will be examined
in this course.
COM 471 Advanced Strategies in Social Media 3 Units
This course will utilize the practical tools and strategies required to
successfully leverage social networks to develop and understand core
concepts that can be applied to various applications. This course will
utilize the practical tools and strategies required to successfully leverage
social networks to develop and understand core concepts that can
be applied to various applications and give you the necessary tools
to manage a social media account as a business representative. In
this course you will gain experience creating a social media marketing
strategy, such as curating actual content, creating a social media
training plan, advertisements, and a crisis and metrics plan. Prerequisite:
COM 371 or consent of the instructor.
COM 485   Rhetorical Criticism   3 Units
The history, nature, purpose, and methods of rhetorical criticism. Eight (8)
critical approaches to the analysis of human communication events will
be studied. Prerequisite: Junior standing.
COM 488   Communication Research Methods   3 Units
As an introduction to the research process, this course will examine
how research is planned and designed; introduce the process of data
collection and analysis; explore the methodology for communication
research (including sampling, questionnaire design, and introduction
to statistics); and provide experiences in conducting original research.
Prerequisite: COM 280.
COM 490   Internship: Communication   1-8 Units
This course is an intense, practical, full- or part-time experience outside
the classroom that is an integral part of a professional program,
contributing significantly to the student's preparation for entrance into
a profession. Approximately forty (40) contact hours are required for
each unit of credit. Each department may limit the maximum number of
internship credits.
COM 499 Special Topics: Rhetoric and Public Address 3 Units
This course is designed for students seeking in-depth theoretical and
critical exploration related to current issues or special fields of study.
Offerings are faculty designed courses in ares of faculty expertise (such
as "Rhetoric of Social Movements", "Rhetoric and Public Memory", etc.).
Computer Science (CSC)
CSC 104 Fundamentals of Programming 4 Units
This course covers the basic principles of computer programming
and algorithm design using the C# programming language. The class
addresses basic language syntax, branching, looping, exceptions, I/O,
string processing, best practices, and tools for writing quality computer
programs. It also introduces the process of turning a program that
was written in a high-level language into an intermediate language and
how the operating system then loads and executes it. Students in the
class will be able to write elementary programs that will run on the
Microsoft .NET Framework and the open source equivalent, Mono.
CSC 105 Web Design 3 Units
This course introduces contemporary web design. Students will learn
basic HTML and CSS for building static web pages. The course will
include JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, and JSON to build an interactive
website. Students will also learn about responsive web design and user
experience concepts.
CSC 210   Introduction to Operating Systems   3 Units
This course examines the functional components of computer systems,
including their hardware implementation and management at different
levels, and their interaction, characteristics, and performance. The course
will include process management, I/O devices, interrupt structures,
resource and memory management, and file systems. Prerequisite: C- or
better in CSC 104.
CSC 212   Data Structures   3 Units
This course examines the basic concepts of data structures and related
algorithms. Topics include arrays, structures, stacks, queues, linked
lists, trees, graphs, and hash tables. Students will implement the data
structures and their associated algorithms, and will also write complete
programs that make use of these data structures. Other topics to be
discussed will be recursion, searching, sorting, and design tradeoffs.
Prerequisite: C- or better in CSC 104.
CSC 314   Programming Languages   3 Units
This course examines disciplined programming using a high-level
language with specific emphasis on program design, style, efficiency
and documentation. Topics include syntax and semantics, statement
and subprogram control, data types and data control, design and
implementation issues and source control. Offered alternate years.
Prerequisite: C- or better in CSC 104.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 101
CSC 316   Introduction to Networking   3 Units
This course serves as an introduction to the structure and components
of computer networks, functions and services. In addition, this course
discusses current protocols, technologies, and performance issues.
Topics include computer network application layers, data communication
basics. network layer and routing, network security and other selected
topics. Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: C- or better in CSC 104.
CSC 318   Object-Oriented Programming   3 Units
This course examines student problem solving with object oriented
programming techniques using Java. The topics include exception
handling, generics, inheritance, design patterns, and data structures.
Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: C- or better in CSC 212.
CSC 320 Server-Side Development 3 Units
This course provides an overview of programming and database
techniques used in server-side programming. Topics include handling
web form data, SQL, database design, security considerations, stored
procedures, n-tier architecture, transportation and data encoding
techniques. Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: C- or better in CSC 318.
CSC 322   Software Engineering   3 Units
The course introduces software design, development, lifecycle and
principles applied for each application development stage and managing
software projects, including the phases of software development,
design patterns, software architecture and Agile software development.
Students will learn the processes of creating, developing, testing
and deploying software and the management methods in software
development projects. Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: C- or better in
CSC 318.
CSC 324   Computer Architecture and Assembly   3 Units
This course examines the functional components of computer
systems, including hardware implementation and management, major
hardware components, peripherals of computers and the interrelation
of the devices in performing functions. Students will learn concepts
of microprocessors, data transfer and control methods, program
sequencing, instruction sets and memory organization theories. Offered
alternate years. Prerequisite: Junior or Senior standing; C- or better in
CSC 104.
CSC 428   Information Security   3 Units
This course examines the fundamentals of information and web security.
Topics will include practices of computer system security, operating
system security, network security, software security, web security and
cryptography algorithms. Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: C- or
better in CSC 314.
CSC 430 Advanced Operating Systems 3 Units
Computer operating systems; topics include time sharing, process
communication, memory management, storage allocation,
interrelationships between the operating system and the architecture of
computer systems. Offered alternate years. Prerequisites: C- or better in
CSC 210 and CSC 212.
CSC 490   Internship: Computer Science   1-8 Units
This class is a supervised individual field work experience where a
student is required to work in the area of computer science. A written
contract between the student and the company allowing the internship
needs to be submitted and approved by the department chair prior to
the internship assignment. Prerequisite: Senior standing or consent of
instructor.
CSC 491 Special Topics: Computer Science 3 Units
This course will examine a special topic in computer science, which
will vary with each offering. Prerequisites: C- or better in CSC 212 and
CSC 314.
CSC 495   Software Project Design   1 Unit
As the first of two (2) capstone courses for computer science majors,
this course provides students realistic hands-on software development
experience. Students will research and design a proposal of a mediumsize software project, to be developed and programmed on a team. This
course assumes the student has a good programming background in at
least one programming language and is willing to learn new tools and
technologies. Prerequisites: Senior standing; C- or better in CSC 428 or
CSC 430 or CSC 490 or CSC 491 or consent of instructor.
CSC 496   Software Project Implementation   2 Units
As the second of two (2) capstone courses for computer science majors,
students will apply their knowledge and skills to complete an original
student-conducted software project. Students will work in teams to
develop and execute a medium-size software project. Prerequisites: C- or
better in CSC 495 or consent of the instructor.
Core: Biology (CBIO)
CBIO 101   Integrated Biology   4 Units
This interdisciplinary, topic-driven course will review relevant issues in
biology (and other disciplines) as they relate to current times including
biotechnology, protein synthesis, biodiversity, conservation, evolution,
reproductive technology, etc. which are discussed using current scientific
data and its relationship to current issues. This is a liberal arts science
course and draws upon disciplines such as history, theology and
philosophy. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Corequisite: CTHL 101; permission from Academic Advising is needed to
take CBIO 101 as an unlinked course.
Core: English (CENG)
CENG 201 World Literature to the Renaissance 3 Units
This course will focus on critical thinking and research-based writing
through comparative and interdisciplinary analysis. Alongside lectures
and class discussion, the study of representative great works of
Western and non-Western literature from Antiquity, the Middle Ages,
and the Renaissance will emphasize the literary, cultural, and religious
significance of these texts. Co-requisite: CHST 201; permission from
Academic Advising is needed to take CENG 201 as an unlinked course.
CENG 202 World Literature from the Enlightenment 3 Units
This course will focus on critical thinking and research-based writing
through comparative and interdisciplinary analysis. Alongside lectures
and class discussions, the study of representative great works of Western
and non-Western literature from the 17th century to the present will
emphasize the literary, cultural, and religious significance of these texts.
Co-requisite: CHST 202; permission from Academic Advising is needed to
take CENG 202 as an unlinked course.
102 Core: History (CHST)
Core: History (CHST)
CHST 201 The West and the World 3 Units
This course will study the emergence and expansion of the major
political, cultural, social, and economic developments in the East and
the West from the dawn of Western civilization to the early modern era
through the reading of significant texts and research-based writing,
alongside lectures and class discussion. Co-requisite: CENG 201;
permission from Academic Advising is needed to take CHST 201 as an
unlinked course.
CHST 202 America and the World 3 Units
This course will look at the political, cultural, social, and economic
developments in America and the world from the rise of the modern
nation/state to the modern age through the reading of significant texts
and research-based writing, alongside lectures and class discussion. Corequisite: CENG 202; permission from Academic Advising is needed to
take CHST 202 as an unlinked course. 202110.
Core: Mathematics (CMTH)
CMTH 101   The Nature of Mathematics   3 Units
This course will guide students to gain knowledge about the nature
of mathematics and develop their analytical reasoning skills to solve
problems through topics such as number theory, probability and
statistics, infinity, Non-Euclidean geometry, and general problem solving
strategies; additional topics selected in dialog with the philosophy
course. The overriding goals of this course are to develop a better
perspective of mathematics and discover the power of mathematical
thinking. Writing and projects, as well as traditional methods of
assessment, will be used. Prerequisite: Intermediate Algebra or
equivalent; Co-requisite: CPHI 101; permission from Academic Advising is
needed to take CMTH 101 as an unlinked course.
Core: Philosophy (CPHI)
CPHI 101   Introduction to Philosophy   3 Units
This course will explore the study and practice of rational inquiry into
fundamental questions about human wisdom, action, and creativity
through the study of the traditions of Western philosophy through classic
texts. Co-requisite: CMTH 101; permission from Academic Advising is
needed to take CPHI 101 as an unlinked course.
CPHI 200 Introduction to Philosophical Inquiry 3 Units
Examines topics related to the enduring question "What does it mean
to be human?" through the lens of selected medieval and modern
philosophers. Special attention will be given to argument analysis,
evaluation, and construction. Topics may include the nature of body and
soul, free will, personal identity, moral and intellectual virtues, and the like.
Co-requisite: CTHL 200; permission from Academic Advising is needed to
take CPHI 200 as an unlinked course.
Core: Theology (CTHL)
CTHL 101 Foundations of Christian Theology 3 Units
This course will study the source of Christian theology, namely the
Holy Scriptures. Drawing upon the Scriptures as well as historical
and doctrinal writings by Christian theologians, students will examine
major teachings of the Christian faith with differing understandings
of these teachings being explored and, when appropriate, enabling
them to understand and articulate the basic tenets of Christianity. Corequisite: CBIO 101; permission from Academic Advising is needed to
take CTHL 101 as an unlinked course.
CTHL 200 Introduction to Theological Thought 3 Units
This course examines the sources, methods, and doctrines of Christian
theology, while giving attention to Christianity's engagement with ideas
beyond the discipline of theology. Special attention is given to the
question "What does it mean to be human?" before God, in our own
self-understanding, and before our fellow human beings. Successful
completion of this course will enable students to articulate the content
and rationale of foundational Christian beliefs, and the implications
of some such beliefs in the development of the western world. Corequisite: CPHI 200; permission from Academic Advising is needed to
take CTHL 200 as an unlinked course.
Dance (DAN)
DAN 101 Ballet I 1 Unit
This course will introduce the history, origins, various styles, basic ballet
positions, movements, and combinations, as well as French ballet terms
and their meanings. Course may be repeated once.
DAN 102 Ballet II 1 Unit
As a continuation of DAN 101, this course will further explore the
technical and expressive elements of ballet, as well as historically
significant ballet schools and styles and is designed to advance the
performance level of students who have mastered the basic skills and
vocabulary of ballet. Students will practice and perform advanced barre
exercises, demi-pointe work, and increasingly complex connecting
movements. Course may be repeated once.
DAN 111 Jazz Dance 1 Unit
This course will introduce the fundamentals of jazz dance including its
history and styles and is designed for students with no dance experience
and experienced dancers wishing to perfect basic jazz dance skills.
Jazz dance techniques will be presented and practiced in class, with
an emphasis on combinations using a variety of rhythms and styles.
Class participation is intended to develop an appreciation for the physical
demands of jazz dancing. Course may be repeated once.
DAN 112 Modern Dance 1 Unit
This course introduces the fundamentals of modern dance and its history,
and is designed for both students with no dance experience as well as
experienced dance students. Students will participate in movement
studies and improvisations that deal with shape, space, time, and energy,
along with four main dance principles that will encourage creativity and
individuality. Emphasis will be on developing axial and loco-motor skills,
performing movement combinations, conditioning the body, and solving
creative problems. Course may be repeated once.
DAN 131 Social Dance 0.5 Units
All activity courses examine techniques, rules, strategies, and skill
development. Course may be repeated once.
DAN 141 Tap Dance 1 Unit
This course will introduce beginning tap dance techniques, history, and
performance with a focus on the rhythm tap style with other styles
included. Students will practice fundamental tap dance skills; rhythms
including swing and Latin; syncopation; time steps; short combinations;
and stylings. Course may be repeated once.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 103
DAN 145 Dance for Health 3 Units
Dance for health is an activity-based course that surveys physical,
mental, spiritual, emotional and social aspects of health which can
be achieved through dance as a healthy lifestyle habit. Students will
explore published research, participate in weekly social dance class and
conduct a collaborative service learning project. Learning social dance
integrates physical, mental, social and emotional wellness. Students will
also investigate how spiritual wellness can be addressed through dance.
Creating a social community environment where the student will teach
others dances they have learned will deepen the concepts students have
explored throughout the course. The collaborative nature of the project
will further advance the social wellness aspect of the course.
Economics (ECO)
ECO 201   Macroeconomics   3 Units
This is a survey course of the scope and methods of the study of the
principles of macroeconomics. Topics will include decision-making by
households and firms, supply and demand, operation of markets and the
determination of prices, the evaluation of social welfare within alternative
economic systems, international trade and foreign exchange, financial
markets, the role and objectives of government in economic policy.
ECO 202   Microeconomics   3 Units
This is a course covering principles of microeconomics. Topics will
include decision-making by households and firms, supply and demand,
operation of markets and the determination of prices, international trade,
elements of industrial organization and varying degrees of competition,
and the evaluation of social welfare within alternative economic systems.
ECO 221 History of Economic Thought 3 Units
This is a survey course of the history of economic thought from
1600 to 2000, focusing on primary works and discussion of their
historical context. Major authors covered will include Smith, Marx,
Marshall, and Keynes. Specific policy areas surveyed include internal
improvements, money and banking, tariffs, trade, antitrust, and regulation.
Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201.
ECO 321 Econometrics 3 Units
This course is the study of Econometrics, providing techniques for the
quantitative measurement and analysis of actual economic and business
phenomena. Prerequisites: fulfillment of the general education math
requirement, ECO 201 and ECO 202 and (MTH 252 or MTH 271).
ECO 323 Money and Financial Markets 3 Units
This course is an overview of financial markets and institutions, money
markets, stocks, bonds, foreign currency, and derivatives. Prerequisite:
ECO 201 or ECO 202.
ECO 340 Morality, Social Policy, and Economics 3 Units
This course will begin with a review of classical economic concepts and
methods, and a review of the basic tenets of morality. The course will
then turn to topics where “moral” social choice is often discussed, such
as alleviating human misery, government assistance, pollution, crime,
and poverty. The course will conclude by evaluating the methods and
government programs that economics suggests can influence moral
choice, and the obstacles inherent in the implementation and delivery of
such programs. Recommended Prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.
ECO 421   Intermediate Microeconomics   3 Units
This course uses principles of economic and statistical analysis in
management decision making and practical problem solving; demand
evaluation and sales forecasting; cost and profitability analysis; pricing
policy; uncertainty and risk, and use of case studies. Prerequisites:
fulfillment of general education math requirement and ECO 202.
ECO 428 Intermediate Macroeconomics and Public Policy 3 Units
This course uses economic methodology to evaluate the economic
methods used in, and the purposes driving, the development of economic
public policies in the U.S., focusing on the role of government in shaping
social policy and its impact on individuals. Students will (a) complete
an essay describing a recent U.S. economic policy event, and (b) an
essay describing the economic justification for recent public policy
in one (1) of the following three (3) topics: Environmental and Natural
Resource Economics; Economics of Health; or Economics of Education.
Prerequisites: fulfillment of general education math requirement and
ECO 201 and ECO 202 and (MTH 252 or MTH 271).
ECO 429   Environment, Climate and Sustainability   3 Units
This course is an overview of topics surrounding the assessment of
humankind’s interaction and use of the environment, the effect on
climate, and assessment of long term sustainability. Using environmental
and economics concepts and methods, the course will cover topics
such as means to value natural resources, methods for appropriately
mitigating externalities (such as pollution), and assessing development
activities. The course will also evaluate the availability and use of natural
resources, depletable and renewable, such as energy, water, land, and
forests. Finally, the course will assess relevant topics surrounding climate
change, including its measurement, causes, effects (magnitude and
geographic distribution), and potential responses. Throughout the course
students will learn the relevant government agencies and legal processes
surrounding the environment, climate, and sustainability. Recommended
Prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.
ECO 485 Economic Major Thesis 3 Units
This capstone course will integrate and apply key economic theory and
models through the student's original choice of research; evaluation
of the thesis will be by committee. Business Exam Fee required.
Prerequisite: Senior status Economics major and ECO 221 and ECO 321.
Education: Credential (EDUC)
EDUC 101 Introduction to Teaching Careers I 1 Unit
This introductory course to the field of education and the professional
career of the teacher will include the following topics: characteristics of
today's learners and of effective teachers and schools; California teacher
credentialing procedures; and the university's teacher education program.
Fifteen (15) hours of community service in a school or other educational
organization serving children are required. Students must arrange their
own transportation to the school or educational organization.
EDUC 200 The Teacher and Technology 1 Unit
Students are introduced to five educational technology themes
represented in the California Teaching Performance Expectations.
Knowledge, skills and resources introduced in this course are applied
throughout the Teacher Credential Program courses and will ultimately
prepare candidates in their professional practice to facilitate learning as
best enabled and supported by technology. Recommended concurrent
enrollment with EDUC 204/EDSP 204. Prerequisites: Certificate of
clearance; for undergraduates, must be taken before 400-level courses.
104 Education: Credential (EDUC)
EDUC 204 Introduction to Teaching Diverse Populations 2 Units
This course will present the historical and philosophical foundations
of teaching in California schools through the broad examination of the
California Teaching Performance Expectations (TPEs). Through course
activities students will develop awareness of the TPEs. Students are
required to participate in 20 hours of fieldwork observation. Through
these observations students will recognize the range of service delivery
options for diverse populations of pupils. All fieldwork assignments are
university assigned. Students are required to complete the observations
during k-12 public school hours. Students must arrange their own
transportation to the school site. Minimum grade of B- is required for
those students applying to the School of Education. Prerequisites:
Certificate of clearance; current TB (tuberculosis) test.
EDUC 204A   Practicum: Field Experience I   1 Unit
We This course is for those who have met the requirements of EDUC 204/
EDSP 204: Introduction to Teaching Diverse Populations, but need to
complete an additional 20 hours of field work and field work assignments
in a different educational setting to meet credential requirements. This
would apply to students who are adding a credential.
EDUC 301 Typical and Atypical Development of Diverse Learners 3
Units
This course will present the major concepts, principles, theories, research,
and applications related to the typical and atypical cognitive, social,
emotional, physical, and moral development of children and adolescent
pupils in inclusive classrooms. Students will learn the major concepts,
principles, and research associated with human learning, achievement,
motivation, conduct, and attitude as they examine the characteristics of
exceptional persons with mild to moderate disabilities.
EDUC 400 Education Field Experience 2-3 Units
The credential student will complete a structured and focused field
experience placement of either 60 or 90 hours, depending on the
number of units. This will be participatory field experience that will
develop specific, identified professional skills essential for the credential
candidate. A student is placed in a specific classroom in a local school
and will complete assignments, observations, and a journal. Field
experiences in EDUC 400 must be consistent with the general grade level
and subject content area in which the student will student teach and
then be credentialed. Multiple subject students will have elementary field
experience. EDSP students will have a special education field experience.
Single subject students will have field experience in middle or high school
in the same subject area in which they are cleared for student teaching.
A positive recommendation from the cooperating teacher and a grade no
lower than B- is a requirement for successful passage of this course.
EDUC 401 Planning and Assessment for Inclusive Classrooms 3 Units
Students will learn a variety of approaches to planning, managing,
delivering, and assessing instruction in inclusive classrooms as
they examine both formal and informal pupil assessment, including
curriculum-based assessment in this course. Students will also learn
and apply principles and strategies of differentiated instruction to
assessment and instructional planning for diverse pupils. Corequisite:
EDUC 451. Prerequisite: Admission to the undergraduate teacher
education program.
EDUC 402 Creating Positive and Inclusive Learning Environments 3
Units
This course will examine strategies for the inclusive classroom and
the development of individual behavior management plans through
an examination of the Individual Educational Program/ Individualized
Family Service Plan (IEP/IFSP) processes, legal requirements, and
responsibilities, along with the effects of pupil health and safety on
learning. Students will learn skills for communicating, collaborating,
and working with families, and supporting professionals and school
personnel. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher
education program; EDUC 401 (concurrent enrollment allowed).
EDUC 422 Math and Science Methods: Elementary 2 Units
Students will learn approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and
assessing instruction in science and mathematics as they draw upon
social, cultural, and historical foundations and learning theories as they
plan instruction in this course. Corequisite: EDUC 423. Prerequisites:
Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; (EDSP 401
or EDUC 401) and (EDSP 402 or EDUC 402 [concurrent enrollment
allowed]) and (EDSP 451 or EDUC 451).
EDUC 423 Integrated Curriculum Methods: Elementary 2 Units
Students will learn approaches to planning, managing, delivering, and
assessing instruction in history, arts, and physical education as they draw
upon social, cultural, and historical foundations, and learning theories
in this course. Corequisite: EDUC 422. Prerequisites: Admission to the
undergraduate teacher education program; (EDSP 401 or EDUC 401) and
(EDSP 402 or EDUC 402 [concurrent enrollment allowed]) and (EDSP 451
or EDUC 451).
EDUC 424 Secondary Curriculum and Methods 4 Units
Students preparing to teach in secondary classrooms will gain an
understanding of the secondary school curriculum through the
examination of recent research, use the California Frameworks, and K-12
Content Standards to explore their subject areas and evaluate curriculum
materials in this course. Emphasis will be given to preparing lesson plans
that meet the diverse needs of pupils. Prerequisites: Admission to the
undergraduate teacher education program; (EDSP 401 or EDUC 401) and
(EDSP 402 or EDUC 402 [concurrent enrollment allowed]) and (EDSP 451
or EDUC 451).
EDUC 451   Language and Culture   3 Units
This course will address the impact of cultural, socio-economic status,
religion, and gender on the education of elementary and secondary
pupils as students examine theories of first and second language
acquisition along with effective strategies for teaching English learners.
Students will apply these strategies to course activities and assignments.
Corequisite: EDUC 401. Prerequisite: Admission to the undergraduate
teacher education program.
EDUC 460 Literacy Instruction in Diverse Classrooms 4 Units
This course will focus on preparing students to teach reading and
language arts in diverse classrooms, following the guidelines set forth
by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CCTC), the
California Common Core State Standards, and the Reading Instruction
Competence Assessment (RICA) Content Specifications. Corequisite:
EDUC 480. Prerequisites: Admission to the teacher education program;
(EDSP 401 or EDUC 401) and (EDSP 402 or EDUC 402 [concurrent
enrollment allowed]) and EDUC 422 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and
EDUC 423 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and (EDSP 451 or EDUC 451).
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 105
EDUC 470   Content Area Literacy Instruction   4 Units
Using the guidelines sent forth by the California Commission on Teacher
Credentialing (CCTC) and the California and Common Core State
Standards as the basis of this course, students will examine the theory
and practice of reading instruction as applied to the content areas of
middle and secondary schools with an emphasis on the development
of reading techniques ranging from assessment of individual skills,
selection of appropriate materials, and strategies for instruction in
subject areas for diverse classrooms. Prerequisites: Admission to the
undergraduate teacher education program; (EDSP 401 or EDUC 401) and
(EDSP 402 or EDUC 402 [concurrent enrollment allowed]) and (EDSP 451
or EDUC 451).
EDUC 480 Teacher Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum: Field
Experience   1 Unit
Teaching Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum is a seminar
course with 40 hours of field experience. Through field work, reflective
practice and weekly seminars, candidates develop an understanding
of the California TPA. Candidates will develop a deeper understanding
of the "Plan, Teach & Assess, Reflect, Apply" teaching cycle and how to
meet the needs of diverse learners. The field experience hours provide
an opportunity to develop teaching skills in a classroom setting. This
course is comprised of several components: weekly seminars, field
experience, and self-evaluation of the California Teaching Performance
Expectations. Students must arrange their own transportation to
the university assigned school site. Minimum grade of B- required.
Corequisite: EDUC 460. Prerequisites: Admission to the teacher education
program; current certificate of clearance; current TB (tuberculosis)
test; (EDSP 401 or EDUC 401) and (EDSP 402 or EDUC 402 [concurrent
enrollment allowed]) and EDUC 422 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and
EDUC 423 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and (EDSP 451 or EDUC 451).
EDUC 480A   Practicum: Field Experience II   1 Unit
This course is for those who have met the requirements for EDUC 480/
EDUC 580/EDSP 480/EDSP 580: TPA Practicum: Field Experience, but
need an additional 20-40 hours of field work and field work assignments
in a different educational setting to meet credential requirements.
This would apply to students who are taking courses in two credential
programs or who are adding a credential.
EDUC 481 Teacher Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum: Field
Experience   1 Unit
This is the last course taken before EDUC 482A and EDUC 482B and
consists of forty (40) hours of field experience during K-12 public school
hours and class seminars to prepare students to teach in secondary
classrooms as they develop an understanding of grades 7-12 curriculum,
how to meet the needs of diverse learners, and instructional planning
and delivery. Through the activities of this course, students will develop
a deeper understanding of the "Plan, Teach & Assess, Reflect, Apply"
teaching cycle in preparation for completing the California Teaching
Performance Assessment (CalTPA). Students must arrange their own
transportation to the university-assigned school site. Prerequisites:
Current certificate of clearance; current TB (tuberculosis) test; (EDSP 401
or EDUC 401) and (EDSP 402 or EDUC 402 [concurrent enrollment
allowed]) and EDUC 424 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and (EDSP 451
or EDUC 451) and EDUC 470 (concurrent enrollment allowed).
EDUC 482A Student Teaching: Elementary 6 Units
Student teaching is fulltime teaching for a semester under the
supervision of a cooperating teacher and university supervisor.
EDUC 482A is during the first half of the semester. Multiple subject
teachers have two (2) eight (8)-week placements in two (2) different
grade levels. Student Teaching fee: $250. Prerequisites: Completion
of all program courses; student teaching clearance; Subject Matter
Competency met; current certificate of clearance; current TB
(tuberculosis) test.
EDUC 482B Student Teaching: Elementary 6 Units
Student teaching is fulltime teaching for a semester under the
supervision of a cooperating teacher and university supervisor.
EDUC 482B is during the second half of the semester. Multiple
subject teachers have two (2) eight (8)-week placements in two (2)
different grade levels. Student Teaching fee: $250. Prerequisites:
Completion of all program courses; student teaching clearance; Subject
Matter Competency met; current certificate of clearance; current TB
(tuberculosis) test.
EDUC 483A Student Teaching: Secondary 6 Units
Student teaching is a full semester, all day experience at a qualified
school site under the supervision of a cooperating teacher and university
supervisor. EDUC 483A is during the first half of the semester. Teaching
strategies and classroom management are practiced at grade levels
and in subject matter that represent the student teacher's career choice.
Student Teaching fee: $250. Prerequisites: Completion of all program
courses; student teaching clearance; Subject Matter Competency met;
current TB (tuberculosis) test.
EDUC 483B Student Teaching: Secondary 6 Units
Student teaching is a full semester, all day experience at a qualified
school site under the supervision of a cooperating teacher and university
supervisor. EDUC 483B is during the second half of the semester.
Teaching strategies and classroom management are practiced at
grade levels and in subject matter that represent the student teacher's
career choice. Student Teaching fee: $250. Prerequisites: Completion
of all program courses; student teaching clearance; Subject Matter
Competency met; current TB (tuberculosis) test.
EDUC 485 CalTPA Field Experience Extension 0 Units
The CalTPA Field Experience course consists of 40-80 hours of field
experience in a university assigned placement, following student
teaching. This course is only for candidates who were not able to
complete the California Teaching Performance Assessment process
during student teaching, and need an extended field experience
placement to complete CalTPA. The placement will be in a K-12 setting
that aligns with the candidate's credential area. While completing their
field experience hours, the candidate will implement the plan, teach,
assess, and review process, as well as collect evidence of the teaching
cycle. This experience and collection of evidence are essential elements
of completing CalTPA. Remediation/Placement fee: $100. Candidates
must pass the CalTPA within a semester to successfully pass this course.
Offered as Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: B- or better in (EDUC 482A
or EDUD 483A) and (EDUC 492B or EDUC 483B).
106 Education: Liberal Studies (EDLS)
Education: Liberal Studies (EDLS)
EDLS 304 History of Society and Education 1 Unit
This course follows the course of the political, cultural, social and
economic developments in American education and the world
specifically in regard to the founding of US Educational systems and how
immigration has affected it. The course will focus on reading significant
texts, and research-based writing alongside lecture modules and online
class discussion. Prerequisite: Certificate of Clearance or Department
approval.
EDLS 398 World Citizenship: Living Abroad 3 Units
The purpose of this course is to study and explore expatriate life and
acquaint students with living and working abroad as opposed to pure
tourism. The course instruction will include readings on expat living,
guest speakers, and a two week study travel experience living in a foreign
country. Topics include, but are not limited to, acclimating to a new
culture, working abroad, expat living, legal issues abroad, finances, food,
transitioning and historical culture. Students are accepted into the course
by application. Course generally offered in the Spring semester.
EDLS 435 Linguistic Development and Second Language Acquisition 3
Units
This course will provide an overview of child language development and
second language acquisition for language-minority students as methods
and materials that enhance language acquisition are presented, studied,
and developed.
Education: Specialist Credential (EDSP)
EDSP 203 Education Specialist Seminar 1,2 Unit
This is a pre-requisite seminar course for those transferring previously
completed credential courses into the Concordia EDSP Mild/Moderate
Preliminary Credential Program.
EDSP 204 Introduction to Teaching Diverse Populations 2 Units
This course will present the historical and philosophical foundations
of teaching in California schools through the broad examination of the
California Teaching Performance Expectations (TPEs). Through course
activities students will develop awareness of the TPEs. Students are
required to participate in 20 hours of fieldwork observation. Through
these observations students will recognize the range of service delivery
options for diverse populations of pupils. All fieldwork assignments are
university assigned. Students are required to complete the observations
during k-12 public school hours. Students must arrange their own
transportation to the school site. Minimum grade of B- is required for
those students applying to the School of Education. Prerequisites:
Certificate of clearance; current TB (tuberculosis) test.
EDSP 204A   Practicum: Field Experience I   1 Unit
This course is for those who have met the requirements of EDUC 204/
EDSP 204: Introduction to Teaching Diverse Populations, but need to
complete an additional 20 hours of field work and field work assignments
in a different educational setting to meet credential requirements. This
would apply to students who are adding a credential.
EDSP 301 Typical and Atypical Development of Diverse Learners 3
Units
This course will present the major concepts, principles, theories, research,
and applications related to the typical and atypical cognitive, social,
emotional, physical, and moral development of children and adolescent
pupils in inclusive classrooms. Students will learn the major concepts,
principles, and research associated with human learning, achievement,
motivation, conduct, and attitude as they examine the characteristics of
exceptional persons with mild to moderate disabilities.
EDSP 401 Planning and Assessment for Inclusive Classrooms 3 Units
Students will learn a variety of approaches to planning, managing,
delivering, and assessing instruction in inclusive classrooms as
they examine both formal and informal pupil assessment, including
curriculum-based assessment in this course. Students will learn
and apply principles and strategies of differentiated instruction to
assessment and instructional planning for diverse pupils. Corequisite:
EDSP 451. Prerequisite: Admission to the undergraduate teacher
education program.
EDSP 402 Creating Positive and Inclusive Learning Environments 3
Units
This course will examine strategies for the inclusive classroom and
the development of individual behavior management plans through
an examination of the Individual Educational Program/Individualized
Family Service Plan (IEP/IFSP) processes, legal requirements, and
responsibilities, along with the effects of pupil health and safety on
learning. Students will learn skills for communicating, collaborating,
and working with families, and supporting professionals and school
personnel. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher
education program; EDSP 401 (concurrent enrollment allowed).
EDSP 425 Advanced Curriculum Methods for Special Populations 3
Units
Students will learn to teach mathematics, problem solving, and reasoning
skills to students with high-incidence disabilities PK-12. This course
will focus on California Academic Mathematics Standards, researchbased instruction, high-stakes assessment, functional mathematics,
and problem solving with an emphasis on the effects of disabilities
on mathematics achievement as well as examine other content areas
and curriculum integration. Corequisite: EDSP 426. Prerequisites:
Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; (EDSP 401
or EDUC 401) and (EDSP 402 or EDUC 402 [concurrent enrollment
allowed]) and (EDSP 451 or EDUC 451).
EDSP 426   Case Management, Assessment and Collaboration   3 Units
Students will focus on the multiple facets of the K-12 Educational
Specialist's role in terms of caseload management; assessment;
Individual Educational Program (IEP); Individualized Family Service
Plans (IFSP) and transition plan development; collaboration and
consultation with families, teachers, administrators, allied professionals,
and supervising support personnel. Corequisite: EDSP 425. Prerequisites:
Admission to the undergraduate teacher education program; (EDSP 401
or EDUC 401) and (EDSP 402 or EDUC 402 [concurrent enrollment
allowed]) and (EDSP 451 or EDUC 451).
EDSP 451   Language and Culture   3 Units
This course will address the impact of culture, language, socio-economic
status, religion, and gender on the education of elementary and
secondary pupils as students examine theories of first and second
language acquisition and effective strategies for teaching English
learners. Students will apply these strategies to course activities and
assignments. Corequisite: EDSP 401. Prerequisites: Admission to the
undergraduate teacher education program.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 107
EDSP 460 Literacy Instruction in Diverse Classrooms 4 Units
As it follows the guidelines set forth by the California Commission
on Teacher Credentialing (CCTC), the California Common Core State
Standards, and the Reading Instruction Competence Assessment (RICA)
Content Specifications, this course will focus on preparing students to
instruct reading and language arts in diverse classrooms. Corequisite:
EDSP 480. Prerequisites: Admission to the undergraduate teacher
education program; (EDSP 401 or EDUC 401) and (EDSP 402 or EDUC 402
[concurrent enrollment allowed]) and EDSP 425 (concurrent enrollment
allowed) and EDSP 426 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and (EDSP 451
or EDUC 451).
EDSP 480 Teacher Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum: Field
Experience   1 Unit
Teaching Performance Assessment (TPA) Practicum is a seminar
course with 40 hours of field experience. Through field work, reflective
practice and weekly seminars, candidates develop an understanding
of the California TPA. Candidates will develop a deeper understanding
of the "Plan, Teach & Assess, Reflect, Apply" teaching cycle and how to
meet the needs of diverse learners. The field experience hours provide
an opportunity to develop teaching skills in a classroom setting. This
course is comprised of several components: weekly seminars, field
experience, and self-evaluation of the California Teaching Performance
Expectations. Students must arrange their own transportation to
the university assigned school site. Minimum grade of B- required.
Corequisite: EDSP 460. Prerequisite: Admission to the undergraduate
teacher education program; current certificate of clearance; current TB
(tuberculosis) test; (EDSP 401 or EDUC 401) and (EDSP 402 or EDUC 402
[concurrent enrollment allowed]) and EDSP 425 (concurrent enrollment
allowed) and EDSP 426 (concurrent enrollment allowed) and (EDSP 451
or EDUC 451).
EDSP 480A   Practicum: Field Experience II   1 Unit
This course is for those who have met the requirements for EDUC 480/
EDUC 580/EDSP 480/EDSP 580: TPA Practicum: Field Experience, but
need an additional 20-40 hours of field work and field work assignments
in a different educational setting to meet credential requirements.
This would apply to students who are taking courses in two credential
programs or who are adding a credential.
EDSP 484A Student Teaching: Special Education 6 Units
Students will participate in a semester of supervised student teaching
leading to full responsibility for the provision of services for the mild
to moderate educational specialist credential in diverse settings that
represent the broad range of placements for serving pupils with mild
to moderate disabilities. Students will complete their cumulative
professional portfolio during this semester. EDSP 484A is during the
first half of the semester. Student Teaching fee: $250. Prerequisites:
Completion of all program courses; student teaching clearance; Subject
Matter Competency met; current certificate of clearance; current TB
(tuberculosis) test.
EDSP 484B Student Teaching: Special Education 6 Units
Students will participate in a semester of supervised student teaching
leading to full responsibility for the provision of services for the mild
to moderate educational specialist credential in diverse settings that
represent the broad range of placements for serving pupils with mild
to moderate disabilities. Students will complete their cumulative
professional portfolio during this semester. EDSP 484B is during the
second half of the semester. Student Teaching fee: $250. Prerequisites:
Completion of all program courses; student teaching clearance; Subject
Matter Competency met; current certificate of clearance; current TB
(tuberculosis) test.
EDSP 485 CalTPA Field Experience Extension 0 Units
The CalTPA Field Experience course consists of 40-80 hours of field
experience in a university assigned placement, following student
teaching. This course is only for candidates who were not able to
complete the California Teaching Performance Assessment process
during student teaching, and need an extended field experience
placement to complete CalTPA. The placement will be in a K-12 setting
that aligns with the candidate's credential area. While completing their
field experience hours, the candidate will implement the plan, teach,
assess, and review process, as well as collect evidence of the teaching
cycle. This experience and collection of evidence are essential elements
of completing CalTPA. Remediation/Placement fee: $100. Candidates
must pass the CalTPA within a semester to successfully pass this
course. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: B- or better in
EDSP 484A and EDSP 494B.
Engineering (ENGR)
ENGR 101   Introduction to Engineering and Design   3 Units
Develop creative thinking and problem solving skills essential to the
engineer. Students are challenged to function as members of a team to
communicate well. Broad exposure is provided to various engineering
disciplines and practices.
ENGR 210 Entrepreneurial Engineering Economics 3 Units
This course will introduce students to engineering economics, which
is the application of economics and decision theory to the evaluation
of engineering alternatives in planning, developing, constructing, and
managing engineering projects.
ENGR 212   Project Management and Communication in Christian
Context   3 Units
Students will incorporate the unique incarnational aspects of Jesus
Christ into the skills related to service, teamwork, project planning and
management, and communication within a team and for stakeholders.
Students work in teams to plan and carry out semester-long projects.
ENGR 312   Statics and Strength of Materials   4 Units
Develop core competencies associated with mechanical, biomechanical,
and structural engineering. Physics principles are used to determine
internal and external forces in various types of members, including
introduction to analysis software. The material's response to load -
stress and strain - is also emphasized. Principles for design of simple
mechanical and structural elements are introduced. Prerequisites:
MTH 271 and PHY 221 (concurrent enrollment allowed).
ENGR 314   Mechanical Dynamics   3 Units
Students will learn the foundations of the kinematics of particles,
systems of particles, and rigid bodies. Topics include impulse
and momentum, conservation of energy, rotation, and vibrations.
Computational problem solving skills will be developed to solve dynamic
engineering problems. Prerequisite: ENGR 312.
ENGR 316   Fluid Mechanics   3 Units
Study of static and dynamic effects in fluid kinematics using Lagrangian
and Eulerian analysis. Continuity, momentum, and energy equations in
integral and differential form for incompressible flows. Introduction to
boundary layer theory and transient fluid motion. Comparison of theory
to experimental and computational fluid dynamic results. Prerequisite:
MTH 384 (concurrent enrollment allowed).
108 English (ENG)
ENGR 318 Heat and Mass Transport 3 Units
This course introduces the governing principles behind heat and mass
transport phenomena. Students will develop an understanding of steady
state and transient conduction and diffusion, laminar and turbulent
convective transport, and the computational solution strategies often
employed by engineers. Prerequisite: MTH 384 (concurrent enrollment
allowed).
ENGR 320   Signals and Systems   3 Units
This course presents students with the fundamentals of analog
and digital signal processing in the context of engineering systems.
Interpretation and analysis of continuous and discrete time signals
is introduced, as well as the use of Fourier and Laplace transforms.
Sampling, filtering, modulation, and feedback for systems are discussed
using cases from diverse areas of engineering. Prerequisite: MTH 384
(concurrent enrollment allowed).
ENGR 330   Computer Aided Design   3 Units
Two- and three-dimensional computer aided design principles are
developed through the use of a 3D solid modeling program. Students
will design and create engineering drawings and geometric models.
The course will culminate with a team-based project resulting in the
design and fabrication of a prototype. Prerequisite: ENGR 101 (concurrent
enrollment allowed).
ENGR 495   Senior Capstone I   2 Units
Students engage the knowledge content of their academic discipline in
the context of a specific technology problem or need and in collaboration
with a partner organization or client community. Teams demonstrate
effective project management strategies, report on progress consistently,
and document significant design activity.
ENGR 496   Senior Capstone II   2 Units
Students engage the knowledge content of their academic discipline in
the context of a specific technology problem or need and in collaboration
with a partner organization or client community. Teams demonstrate
effective project management strategies, report on progress consistently,
and document significant design activity.
English (ENG)
ENG 201   Themes in Literature   3 Units
This is an introductory course to various literary themes and several
critical approaches with a focus on verbal and written interpretation and
personal application of the following literary themes: innocence and
experience; conformity and rebellion; love and hate; and the presence of
death.
ENG 271 Literary Criticism 3 Units
This course will introduce the major critical schools and controversies
of the 20th century including New Criticism, Deconstruction, New
Historicism, Psychological, and Feminist Criticisms. Lectures, readings,
and workshops will focus on the critical writing process and developing
a strong written command of the variety of papers appropriate for an
English major.
ENG 341   American Literature I   3 Units
This course will survey American literature from its beginning to 1850
including journals, diaries, sermons, and pamphlets with an emphasis on
the writings of Irving, Hawthorne, Poe, and Melville.
ENG 342   American Literature II   3 Units
This course will survey American literature from 1850 to 1945
emphasizing the literary movements of Realism, Naturalism, and the
roots of modern American literature.
ENG 361   English Literature I   3 Units
This course will survey representative English prose, poetry, and drama
from the Anglo-Saxon period to 1800 and look at the readings from such
writers as the Beowulf, Chaucer, Shakespeare, Donne, Swift, Pope, and
Johnson. Students will also become acquainted with the literary heritage
of the English-speaking world.
ENG 362   English Literature II   3 Units
This course will survey British literature from the late 18th through the
19th century considering the Romantic and Victorian approaches to
life through the study and critical discussion of such writers as Blake,
Wordsworth, Coleridge, Mary Shelley, Keats, Tennyson, Elizabeth Barrett
Browning. and Robert Browning.
ENG 378   Christianity and Literature   3 Units
Engaging the long, rich historical intersection between Christianity and
literature, this course surveys Christian writers and texts representing
roughly 2,000 years of Christian history. From around the world, Christian
writers have produced works in diverse literary genres (e.g., poems,
memoirs, novels, short stories, plays) to interrogate the deepest
theological and philosophical questions, which is why this course
grapples with literary texts that illuminate Christian thought, practice,
and experience as they have manifested in various historical times and
cultural places.
ENG 380 Women’s Literature 3 Units
An intensive study of literature written by women, this course will
emphasize representations of gender in different cultural and aesthetic
contexts and explore the unique contributions and genres particular to
women's writing. Offered alternate years.
ENG 382 Postcolonial Literature 3 Units
This course will provide an in-depth study of postcolonial theory and
literature from South Asia, Africa, and the Caribbean with readings and
discussions focusing on postcolonial theory, common themes, literary
technique, the role of religion, and the question of personal and national
identity. Offered alternate years.
ENG 383 Modern and Contemporary Poetry 3 Units
This course will survey 20th and 21st century poetry, poets, and literary
movements. Offered alternate years.
ENG 385 Modern and Contemporary Novel 3 Units
This advanced survey course that will look at the development of literary
modernism as represented in major European and American novels
including such novelists as Proust, Joyce, Woolf, Faulkner, and Ellison.
Offered alternate years.
ENG 386 Postmodern Novel 3 Units
This survey course will look at the transition from Modern to Postmodern
literature in South Korea, Armenia, and Greece as well as postcolonial
theory from Ethiopia, Ghana, and Bolivia, including readings, lectures,
discussions, and assessments on postcolonial theory, postmodernism,
literary technique, the role of religion, and the question of personal and
national identity.
ENG 387 Modern and Contemporary Drama 3 Units
In this course students will read, critically analyze, discuss, and evaluate
selected plays from 1890 through the 21st century, including such
dramatists as Ibsen, O'Neill, Pirandello, Lorca, Miller, Williams, and Albee.
Attending a performance may be required. Offered alternate years.
ENG 389   Film as Literature   3 Units
An intensive study of films and screenplays as literature, this course will
emphasize the elements unique to the genre within the context of the
modern literary world.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 109
ENG 390   Practicum: English   1-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom
directly related to the student's major, minor or professional program that
is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience.
ENG 391 Children’s Literature 3 Units
As a survey of the history of children's literature, this course will examine
a wide variety of children's books and related media and strategies for
use in the preschool and elementary classroom. Prerequisite: ENG 201 or
CENG 201 or CENG 202.
ENG 392   Epic Literature   3 Units
This course will study the literary and sacred masterpieces from the
countries visited during the Around-the-World semester and examine
these texts in light of their historical context, literary technique, the role of
religion, and the question of personal and national identity.
ENG 421 Major European Writers 3 Units
Wars, revolutions, gulags, and concentration camps cover the landscape
of European literature. Many major European writers also explored
the war-torn human soul and the questions that have troubled human
societies since the beginning of time. This course will include readings of
significant works by key European authors; special attention will be paid
to each work's themes and literary techniques. Offered alternate years.
ENG 441 Major American Writers 3 Units
Extensive reading and in-depth study of one or more significant American
authors with special attention to their themes, literary techniques, and
traditions will be the focus of this course. Offered alternate years.
ENG 451   Senior Seminar in English   3 Units
This course will take an intensive look at a literary topic or writer with
attention to intellectual and literary milieu through which students refine
techniques of literary research and scholarship. Prerequisite: Senior
status or permission of instructor or department chair.
ENG 461 Major English Writers 3 Units
This course will include extensive reading and in-depth study of
significant longer works by several English authors with special attention
to their themes and literary techniques. Offered alternate years.
ENG 466 Shakespeare 3 Units
Critical reading and analysis of selected examples of Shakespeare's
histories, comedies, and tragedies will be the focus of this course.
ENG 471 Literary Theory 3 Units
As an advanced study of primary texts from the history of literary
criticism and the major critical schools of the 20th century, this course
will include formalism, deconstruction, psychoanalysis, feminism, new
historicism, and post-colonialism. Readings will focus on essays and
criticism from Plato to Plotinus to Foucault and Stanley Fish. Offered
alternate years.
ENG 477 History and Development of the English Language 3 Units
An overview of the history of English and an examination of the
development of the language through its linguistic elements, this
course will include traditional and contemporary grammar, phonetics,
syntax, semantics, patterns of language change, dialects, orthography,
etymology, representative oral and written communication, and other
related issues.
ENG 490   Internship: English   1-8 Units
This course is an intense, practical, full- or part-time experience outside
the classroom that is an integral part of a professional program,
contributing significantly to the student's preparation for entrance into
a profession. Approximately forty (40) contact hours are required for
each unit of credit. Each department may limit the maximum number of
internship credit.
Finance (FIN)
FIN 211 Personal Finance 3 Units
This course will prepare students to make appropriate decisions
regarding financial planning in career choices, investment, savings,
income taxes, credit cards, loans, car and home purchases, asset
protection, health expenses, insurance, and real estate.
FIN 331   Finance   3 Units
This is an introductory course to the principles and practices of
managerial finance, sources and methods of raising capital, cash flow
analysis, financial statement analysis, financial markets, and stockholder
equity concerns. Additional concepts will include decision making with
risk and use of operating and financial leverage. Prerequisites: General
education math requirements and ACT 211.
FIN 332   Financial Statement Analysis   3 Units
This course will examine the analysis of financial statements for
business valuation and strategic considerations; the ratio analysis and
time value of money concepts used in order to analyze the financial
conditions of a business organization; and credit analysis; and corporate
finance issues. Prerequisite: ACT 211.
FIN 333 Investments 3 Units
Building upon FIN 331, this course will help students learn more
about the strategic deployment of equities, debt and derivative
instruments, diversification with appropriate levels of risk, time
horizon, collateralization, and active investment portfolio management.
Prerequisite: FIN 331.
FIN 335   Real Estate Finance   3 Units
In this course students will learn methods for analysis, acquisition,
development, operation, financing, selling, and other investment
strategies applied to residential, commercial, and institutional properties.
Prerequisite: ACT 211.
FIN 411   Professional Financial Planning   3 Units
This course equips students with a Christian perspective on retirement,
estate planning, and wealth management, and prepares students
to provide financial planning services to individuals, families, and
companies. This practical course focuses on key issues, legal
requirements, and restrictions related to effective retirement and
estate planning. Topics addressed include types of retirement plans,
implementing gifts, trusts, and life insurance as means of transferring
assets after death, and regulatory and tax considerations within
retirement and estate planning, as well as related concerns such as
wealth management, family offices, and family business succession
planning. Prerequisites: BUS 261 and FIN 331.
FIN 431   Intermediate Finance   3 Units
This course extends the discussion of the sources, uses and
management of capital in a firm focusing on the application of
investment, financing and dividend concepts used in capital budgeting,
cash flow analysis, financing alternatives and capital structure, capital
distribution, financial planning and firm valuation. Growth strategies and
M&A valuation methods will be introduced. Prerequisite: FIN 331.
110 Film and Digital Video Production (FDVP)
FIN 445   International Finance   3 Units
This course will explain corporate strategies, opportunities, and
processes for raising funds, investing, and developing financial
relationships with global partners including a review of global
stock markets, money exchanges, and foreign financial institutions.
Prerequisite: FIN 331.
Film and Digital Video Production (FDVP)
FDVP 330 Film and Digital Video Production 3 Units
Pre-production, planning, scripting, principal photography will be done
for the film project. Emphasizes lighting, camera operation, sound
recording and directing. Students complete 2 projects: visual & narrative.
Corequisite: FDVP 335.
FDVP 335 Editing Principles and Techniques 3 Units
Students study the basic principles and aesthetics of editing film, video,
and digital media, with practical experience in Final Cut Pro lab through
the completion of short editing projects. Corequisite: FDVP 330.
FDVP 361 Producing Narrative Short Films 3 Units
Students will study the evolution of narrative short film development,
critiquing both Western & International short films. Each student will
work as crew on a short film while directing, writing, producing, shooting
or editing an introductory level narrative fiction short film themselves.
Prerequisites: FDVP 330 and FDVP 335.
FDVP 362 Documentary Production 3 Units
Students view and analyze a variety of documentaries over the past
century for style and content. Working in small production groups,
students plan, script, produce, and edit several short documentary
productions. Prerequisites: FDVP 330 and FDVP 335.
FDVP 455 History of Film 3 Units
This course provides a survey of film history, covering the birth of film out
of photography in the 1890s, its commercial expansion, first great actors
and directors, artistic development in German expressionism and Soviet
montage, the advent of sound in the 1920s, and the beginning of the
golden years of Hollywood before and during World War II through to the
present. Students will develop a historical appreciation of film, exploring
narrative, documentary, and experimental forms and acquire the critical,
technical, and aesthetic vocabulary related to cinematic practices and
structures.
FDVP 490 Internship: Film and Digital Video Production 1-8 Units
Offers students an opportunity to credit and learn professional skills “on
the job” by working for a studio, network, production company, newsroom
etc. A minimum of forty (40) hours of work for each unit is required.
Prerequisite: junior or senior standing.
French (FRE)
FRE 101 French I 4 Units
Through a natural approach to French this course, designed for students
with little or no prior study of French, will emphasize speaking, listening,
reading, and writing in French.
German (GER)
GER 101   German I   4 Units
Through a natural approach to German this course, designed for students
who have had little or no prior study of German or less than two (2) years
of high school German, will emphasize the development of conversational
skills, speaking, listening, reading, and writing in German.
GER 102   German II   4 Units
A continuation of GER 101. Prerequisite: GER 101 or two (2) years of high
school German. Fulfills foreign language requirement.
GER 201   Interemediate German III   3 Units
This course will provide a systematic review of grammar including
readings that will provide an introduction to German culture and
literature. Prerequisite: GER 102 or equivalent.
GER 202   Interemediate German IV   3 Units
A continuation of GER 201. Prerequisite: GER 201 or equivalent.
Global Cultural Studies (GCS)
GCS 201   Global Cultural Studies   1 Unit
This course is a debriefing seminar for students who participated in
the Around-the-World Semester experience. The class will enable the
students to synthesize the various components of the semester abroad
and make meaning from the experience. Debriefing the semester abroad
will enable students and program leadership to look to the future, engage
in collaborative reflection, and make assessments after thoughtful
deliberation.
GCS 202   Understanding Other Cultures Anthropologically   1 Unit
Students will study theories of cross-cultural adaptation, acclimation, and
assimilation in this course. Occurring before their departure for the studyabroad country, students will be better prepared to make the transition
to their new home and develop an awareness of others and self, and
become more effective observers of internal (intra-personal) changes,
and external (inter-personal) discovery.
GCS 203 Cross-Cultural Communication Awareness 1 Unit
The globalization of organizations, public and private, and their
multicultural make-up requires today's citizens to have a solid crosscultural competence, involving an understanding of ones own culture and
communication preferences, identifying others' preferences, and having a
flexible behavioral repertoire to bridge cultural differences.
GCS 301 Foundations of Language 4 Units
This course will provide specific applications for learning a new foreign
language and understanding English structure and usage, including
sound system, word formation, grammar, syntax, expression of meaning,
variation, etymology, and/or change. Cultural and artistic uses of
languages; and comparison of oral and written aspects of language will
also be covered.
GCS 399 Service Learning Practicum 2 Units
This course is meant to bring the practical service experience to students
as they take responsibility for a variety of service projects that will
challenge them, not only as they prepare ahead of time for outreach, but
also as they adapt to sharing messages of love and forgiveness.
GCS 495   Senior Capstone   3 Units
In this course students will read and discuss topics in international
and comparative studies from an interdisciplinary perspective with
the purpose of enhancing student learning while making connections
between the local and the international learning experience. The
emphasis in this course will be on independent work and completion
of a research paper. This capstone course is a required seminar for
International Studies seniors.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 111
Greek (GRE)
GRE 101   Greek I   4 Units
This course will study the fundamentals of the ancient Greek language
including morphology, syntax, and vocabulary for reading simple
passages of Greek prose.
GRE 102   Greek II   4 Units
A continuation of GRE 101. Prerequisite: GRE 101 or equivalent with a
grade of C- or better.
GRE 225 Readings from the Pericopes 1 Unit
Following the liturgical readings of the church year, this course is
designed primarily for those who wish to maintain an ability to work with
the text in its original language. This course is repeatable. Prerequisite:
GRE 101 and GRE 102 or equivalent with a grade of C- or better.
GRE 301   Greek Readings   3 Units
Readings of selected portions of the ancient Greek biblical and classical
texts with special emphasis on building translation skills through a
review of morphology and syntax as well as the acquisition of new
vocabulary. Prerequisites: C- or better in GRE 101 and GRE 102. May be
repeated for credit.
Healthcare Management (HCM)
HCM 312   Management of Healthcare Organizations   3 Units
This course will serve as an introduction to and provide the foundation for
a better understanding of the relevant theories, tools, and applications,
recent trends, and issues needed to address operational issues that
healthcare managers face.
HCM 314   Healthcare Quality Management   3 Units
This course will explore healthcare applications of quality improvement
including governmental and regulatory influences, standards and
guidelines, programs and methods, and process redesign. Prerequisite:
HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent
enrollment allowed).
HCM 315 Organizational Behavior, Theory and Design in Healthcare
Management   3 Units
This course will provide students with an in-depth analysis of the theories
and concepts of organizational behavior and theory while embracing
the uniqueness and complexities of healthcare. Prerequisite: HCM 312
(concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment
allowed).
HCM 413   Leadership in Health Management   3 Units
This course will introduce students to the basic principles of leadership
and direction in healthcare organizations. Prerequisite: HCM 312
(concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment
allowed).
HCM 414   Legal Aspects of Healthcare   3 Units
This course will familiarize students with significant legal principles
and theories relevant to healthcare administration; provide examples
of context in which potential legal problems arise; develop the ability
to identify and evaluate potential legal risks related to healthcare
administrative and management decisions; and to appropriately utilize
legal counsel in the decision-making process. Prerequisite: HCM 312
(concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment
allowed).
HCM 415   Health Information Systems   3 Units
This course will examine the use of information systems in healthcare
organizations as students are introduced to the types of healthcare data
and information, the various systems used throughout the healthcare
industry, the technology utilized by these systems, and the IT challenges
facing healthcare administrators. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent
enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).
HCM 416   Human Resource Management in Healthcare   3 Units
This course will look at human resource management in healthcare
including the principles, methods, and procedures used in the
utilization and management of professional and allied health personnel.
Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312
(concurrent enrollment allowed).
HCM 419 Topics in Public Health Administration 3 Units
This course will identify and explore historical, theoretical, and
practical issues in the field of public health as students identify and
analyze important public health issues within various health settings.
Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312
(concurrent enrollment allowed).
HCM 422   Introduction to Gerontology and Mental Health
Management   3 Units
This course will introduce and give an overview of the field of gerontology
and mental health including current theories, ethical issues, public
policy, legal issues, and careers along with the exploration of problems
in planning, financing, delivering, and evaluating health services.
Administrative structures and public and private delivery systems will
also be compared and critiqued. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent
enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).
HCM 424 Marketing and Strategic Planning for Healthcare
Organizations   3 Units
This course will study the management of the marketing process,
strategy formulation, strategic planning, organizing, budgeting,
implementation, and performance assessment specific for healthcare
organizations to assist institutions in fulfilling their mission, vision and
goals and in helping to define strategies to improve market position and
financial performance. Prerequisite: HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment
allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed).
HCM 425   Financial Management of Healthcare Organizations   3 Units
This course will cover selected topics in both the financial and
managerial aspects of the U.S. healthcare industry, both philosophically
and theologically, with issues being evaluated and presented from the
perspective of all key stakeholders including the consumer, providers,
provider-organizations, payers, and government. Prerequisite: HCM 312
(concurrent enrollment allowed) or HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment
allowed).
HCM 475   Senior Seminar in Healthcare   3 Units
This course is designed to provide integration and application of
theory learned throughout the healthcare management program. The
course is a culminating demonstration that reflects student knowledge
of both course curriculum and university program outcomes. The
assessment instrument includes a comprehensive analytical paper
and oral presentation. Business Exam Fee required only for students
in the Business Administration, Healthcare Management emphasis.
Prerequisites: BUS 224 and [HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or
HLMG 312 (concurrent enrollment allowed)] and Senior standing.
112 Hebrew (HEB)
HCM 494   Internship: Healthcare Administration   3 Units
This course will provide a structured, supervised internship in the
healthcare industry consisting of a clinical, community, and project-based
component. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisites: Senior
standing, HCM 312 (concurrent enrollment) or HLMG 312 (concurrent
enrollment).
Hebrew (HEB)
HEB 101   Hebrew I   4 Units
This course will study the morphology, vocabulary, and syntax of biblical
Hebrew for reading simple passages of the Hebrew Bible.
HEB 102   Hebrew II   4 Units
A continuation of HEB 101. Prerequisite: C- or better in HEB 101 or
equivalent.
HEB 225 Readings from the Pericopes 1 Unit
Following the liturgical readings of the church year, this course is
designed primarily for those students who wish to maintain the ability
to work with the text in its original language. This course is repeatable.
Prerequisite: C- or better in HEB 101 and HEB 102 or equivalent.
HEB 301   Hebrew Readings   3 Units
Through the reading of selective narrative, legal and poetic passages of
the Hebrew Bible, students will advance their translation skills through
review and inductive study of morphology, vocabulary and syntax with
attention paid to genre analysis and textual criticism. Prerequisites: C- or
better in HEB 101 and HEB 102. May be repeated for credit.
History (HST)
HST 201 Western Civilization I: Beginning to 1648 3 Units
In this course students will study the emergence of the major political,
cultural, social, and economic developments of the Western world
from the earliest times through the 17th century including the Ancient,
Medieval, and Early Modern periods.
HST 202 Western Civilization II: 1500 to the Present 3 Units
The emergence of the modern Western world from the early modern
period to the present will be covered in this course, including major
political, cultural, intellectual, social, and economic developments.
HST 226 United States History 3 Units
This survey course of U.S. history from colonial times to the present
will include the political, economic, social, and cultural development at
each phase of the country's growth and progress through the study of
colonization, independence, early nationhood, sectional strife culminating
in the Civil War, reconstruction, economic expansion, prosperity,
depression, imperialism, reforms, two world wars, and contemporary
tensions.
HST 240 Race and Politics in America 3 Units
An examination of the dynamics of race relations in modern America.
While the course begins in post-Civil War America and continues to the
present, it highlights the dramatic events of the Civil Rights Movement of
the 1950s and 1960s, analyzing the role of ordinary individuals as well as
those in various positions of government. Cross-listed with POL 240.
HST 301   Eastern Civilization   3 Units
This survey course of the major themes of the political and cultural
history of the Eastern world from its origins until modern times will
focus on the Chinese and Japanese cultural traditions with some
attention to other Asian motifs and an emphasis on an understanding
and appreciation of the Eastern worldview and ethos.
HST 314 Native Peoples of North America 3 Units
An anthropological overview of native North American societies from preColumbian times to the present will be the focus of this course, utilizing a
culture area approach and including an emphasis on the native people of
California. Cross listed with ANT 314.
HST 320   Strategic Thought   3 Units
This course is a reading-intensive overview of the development of military
thought. The readings will cover works of major thinkers in military
strategy such as Carl von Clausewitz, A.T. Mahan, and B. H. Liddell Hart.
Students will explore the theoretical and applicable dimensions of the
concept of strategy, while understanding the development of ideas in
their historical context. Cross listed with POL 320.
HST 321 A History of Popular Culture 3 Units
Basic theories and approaches to the scholarly study of significant
popular movements and customs in modern Western civilization will
be presented in this course with special attention paid to the evolution
of media and its effect on group identity, especially American popular
culture in the 20th century. Offered alternate years.
HST 322 Social Movements and Collective Action 3 Units
This course will analyze the role of social movements and collective
action in society by examining each as a key component in
understanding how, why, and when change takes place in society, as well
as who participates in this change and with what effectiveness. Cross
listed with SOC 322.
HST 332   Ancient Greece and Rome   3 Units
The history of ancient Greece and Rome from the time of Homer to the
fall of the Roman Empire will be examined in this course with particular
emphasis on Greek and Roman politics, socio-economic life and
structures, classical culture and philosophy, and the rise of Christianity.
Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202.
HST 334 Medieval History 3 Units
The emergence of Europe from the early Middle Ages to the Italian
Renaissance will be examined in this course including the feudal society,
the Christian church, cities and commerce, art and learning, and the rise
of kings and nation states. Particular attention will be given to Europe's
Greek and Roman legacy as transmitted by the Byzantine and Islamic
civilizations. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or CHST 201 or CHST 202.
Offered alternate years.
HST 336   The Renaissance and the Reformation   3 Units
Europe from the 14th to the 17th century, the transitional period between
medieval and modern history, will be examined in this course including
the Italian Renaissance, the Northern Renaissance, the Lutheran
Reformation, the Calvinist and Anglican Reformations, and the Roman
Catholic Counter Reformation. Prerequisite: HST 201 or HST 202 or
CHST 201 or CHST 202. Offered alternate years.
HST 338 Modern European History 3 Units
This course integrates various political, social, economic, and cultural
phases of Europe's history from the 18th century to the present, including
the French Revolution, industrialization, imperialism, the unification
of Italy and Germany, communism, fascism; the two world wars, and
the Cold War. It will also trace the major scientific, literary, and artistic
developments through this era.
HST 341   Early Modern England   3 Units
This course will present a thematic study of English culture and life from
the reign of King Henry VIII through the war for American Independence
with attention being paid to culture, governance, and factors that led to
the expansion of the British Empire and the conflicts in North America.
Offered alternate years.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 113
HST 361 History of Propaganda and Persuasion 3 Units
This course will provide an academic approach to the decidedly nonacademic and pervasive modes of communication that have shaped the
modern world with attention being paid to wartime propaganda in the two
world wars, political campaigns in America, and product advertising in
market economics. Offered alternate years.
HST 371   Islamic Civilization   3 Units
This introductory course into the lands, peoples, and cultures of the
Middle East from antiquity to modern times, will include the role of
religion in shaping social and political institutions, and the influence of
Islamic thought on the Arab world and conflicts in the contemporary
Middle East. Offered alternate years.
HST 403 Topics in Historical Editing 1 Unit
In this course, students work with a professor to build and edit an
academic history journal, emphasizing a special topic related to this type
of work each year. Students will edit article submissions, book reviews,
and forums. Students will also help generate content for the journal by
either providing their own work or by encouraging submissions from the
student body. The final product will be a printed academic journal to be
distributed around the campus. May repeat 4 times for credit and 3 units
may be used to fulfill major requirements.
HST 410   Mythology   3 Units
The reception of classical antiquity depends on both the stories the
ancients told themselves, as well as their interpretation and reinscription
in subsequent times and places. This course traces the debt moderns
owe to the earliest recorded stories that shaped civilizations, both
to appreciate the stories in their own historical context as well as
consider the responses (both those that identify with antiquity and
those that assume its alienation) of succeeding eras, culminating in
critical consideration of contemporary cultural evocation of the classical
tradition. Prerequisite: CHST 201 or CHST 202 or HST 201.
HST 412   The U.S. Constitution   3 Units
This course will look at the origins of the American political system
from the end of the Seven Years' War through the Louisiana Purchase
and Marbury vs. Madison, with a focusing on government under the
Articles of Confederation, the Constitutional Convention, ratification
controversies, the first political party system, and Jeffersonian vs.
Hamiltonian approaches to government. Offered alternate years. Cross
listed with POL 412.
HST 414 The Courts and the Constitution 3 Units
The development of judicial interpretation of the U.S. Constitution from
1789 to the present will be examined in this course with an emphasis on
the political, social, cultural, and economic context for key Supreme Court
decisions. The case study method will be used to introduce students to
legal reasoning, including controversial court decisions involving race,
religion, gender, and limits of government authority.
HST 416 Contemporary Global Issues 3 Units
This seminar course will be devoted to an in-depth examination of a
major issue affecting the global community; exact topic to be determine
by the instructor each semester. May repeat 4 times for credit and 12
units may be used to fulfill major/minor requirements.
HST 416A Contemporary Global Issues 3 Units
This seminar course will be devoted to an in-depth examination of a
major issue affecting the global community; exact topic to be determine
by the instructor each semester.
HST 416B Contemporary Global Issues 3 Units
This seminar course will be devoted to an in-depth examination of a
major issue affecting the global community; exact topic to be determine
by the instructor each semester.
HST 421   Latin America   3 Units
Advanced themes in Latin American history, from the colonial period
to the present, with special attention to historical events, people and
ideas that affect modern issues in Central America, South America,
and the Caribbean, especially as these relate to Cold War-era conflicts,
revolutions, immigration, international trade, and the U.S. involvement in
regime change and the “war” on narcotics trafficking.
HST 430 War and Society 3 Units
This course seeks to gain a greater understanding of human societies by
exploring their relationship with warfare. Moreover, it seeks to understand
how war-making and all of its composite factors (technology, culture,
logistical needs, etc.) influence and change human society. Finally, it
inquires into how various social and external factors help determine
success or failure in warfare beyond the simple narration of tactics and
command decisions.
HST 431 Women’s History 3 Units
This course will begin with the early modern era in Europe and will look
at the intense interaction between the peoples of many continents and
nations over women, the West, and the culture which have their roots
in this period of exchange, colonization, and struggle. Offered alternate
years.
HST 437   Great Cities   3 Units
This course will survey the history of one of the "great cities" of the world
(culturally and intellectually significant urban centers of the past and/or
present), with an emphasis on the record of development of urban space
from literary, architectural, and other visual artifacts. Prerequisite: Spring
course with travel component.
HST 451   The Enlightenment   3 Units
This course will focus on the 18th century Europe and America from the
French Revolution to the fall of Napoleon; the expansion of education,
science, and philosophy; the growth of the middle class; and the
beginnings of industrialism. Offered alternate years.
HST 455 History and Philosophy of Science 3 Units
This course will introduce the philosophic nature of science with a
literary review of philosophic issues associated with the epistemological
and historical development of science starting with ancient Greece
through today. Typically offered every spring semester. Cross listed with
SCI 455. Prerequisites: Junior or Senior standing; CBIO 101 or consent of
instructor.
HST 478 History of California 3 Units
The history of California from earliest times to the present with an
emphasis on its Hispanic heritage will be the focus of this course.
HST 490 Internship: History 1-8 Units
HST 491 Advanced Topics in History 3 Units
This research-oriented course will allow advanced students to study
one aspect of history in depth with a view towards either graduate study
or a project for the President's Academic Showcase for Undergraduate
Research. May repeat 4 times for credit and 12 units may be used to fulfill
major/minor requirements.
114 Humanities (HUM)
Humanities (HUM)
HUM 495   Senior Project   1-3 Units
In this capstone course students will meet with an instructor once per
week in order to formulate, research, and discuss an appropriate topic
for their written project. Topics must be interdisciplinary, combining
their emphasis within the major with another discipline within the major.
Prerequisite: Liberal Arts major and senior standing.
Honors Investigation (HON)
HON 197 Honors Investigation: Freshman 3 Units
This course is for Honors freshmen who wish to earn credit for their
Honors Investigation project. The course can be taken for 1-3 units.
Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.
HON 297 Honors Investigation: Sophomores 3 Units
This course is for Honors sophomores who wish to earn credit for their
Honors Investigation project. The course can be taken for 1-3 units.
Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.
HON 397 Honors Investigation: Juniors 3 Units
This course is for Honors juniors who wish to earn credit for their Honors
Investigation project. The course can be taken for 1-3 units. Offered as a
Pass/No Pass course.
HON 497 Honors Investigation: Seniors 3 Units
This course is for Honors seniors who wish to earn credit for their Honors
Investigation project. The course can be taken for 1-3 units. Offered as a
Pass/No Pass course.
Interdisciplinary (INT)
INT 100 Foundations: Exploring Virtue and Vocation 1 Unit
This course is designed to help students successfully prepare for
the rigors of Concordia University Irvine. Students will learn skills to
promote academic, social, and emotional success during their time in
college. Students will analyze virtuous living and learn how to step in
and appropriately take care of the needs of their neighbor. Students will
explore their numerous vocations as they increase their critical thinking,
sharpen their academic skills, and identify resources that will help them
develop into wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens. Requirement:
Students entering with fewer than twenty-four (24) semester units
of college credit are required to take this course. Please note: in this
instance, "university credit" does not include AP, CLEP, IB, or dual credit
courses taken in high school.
INT 105 Leadership Development 3 Units
This class is designed to be an interactive exploration of personal and
team leadership development. Throughout this course, students will be
challenged to look at their leadership and followership style and skill set
to serve at Concordia University Irvine and in their future. This course
equips students with the fundamental leadership skills - intellectual,
vocational, ethical, social, and spiritual - they need to foster wellness
within themselves, others, and the groups and communities that they
serve.
INT 390   Student Senate   0.5,1 Units
International Business (INB)
INB 445 Seminar: International Business 2 Units
This course will investigate, compare, and contrast emerging topics,
practices, and regulations in the field of international business.
Prerequisite: Senior standing.
INB 475   International Business Strategy   3 Units
This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and
related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation
and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge
introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses.
Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing
strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam Fee required.
Prerequisites: Business Major with Senior Standing and FIN 331 and
MGT 321 and MKT 341.
Kinesiology (KIN)
KIN 105 Christian Wellness 3 Units
A foundational exploration into Christ-centered wellness and how to
construct a comprehensive strategy to develop and maintain personal
wellness in relationship with God.
KIN 208 Athletic Injuries 3 Units
This course takes a cross-disciplinary analysis of injuries to understand
how a person can be injured, the physical, sociological, cultural and
psychological causes of injury, how to understand the antecedents of
injuries, the consequences of injuries, and how to prevent injuries.
KIN 220 Foundations of Human Movement Studies 3 Units
This course will introduce and explore the broad field of human
movement, exercise and physical activity. This course will introduce
students to the domains and disciplines of study used to understand
human movement, exercise and physical activity. Students will learn how
to read, understand, critique, and write research articles the discipline of
Kinesiology.
KIN 225 Principles of Weight Training and Cross Training 3 Units
A theory to practice approach to strength training and aerobic cross
training methods will be examined in this course as students learn how to
test, design, and implement strength training and aerobic cross training
programs for sport and fitness. Prerequisite: KIN majors and minors only;
non-KIN majors and minors must have consent of department chair.
KIN 245 Medical Terminology 3 Units
Medical/healthcare terminology course introduces the student to the
medical abbreviations, prefixes, suffixes and root word terminology as it
relates to the human body systems and the provision of health care. This
course serves as a prerequisite for most post graduate allied healthcare
programs.
KIN 304   Motor Learning and Control   3 Units
This course will give an overview of significant behavioral theories which
influence and determine the learning and production of motor skills.
Included will be learning theories and motor control theories as well as
application of theory to motor performance.
KIN 305 Motor Development 3 Units
This course will study motor skills and physical development from birth
to adulthood with an emphasis on infancy, childhood, and adolescence
including neurological, physiological, intellectual, social, and emotional
factors that influence gross and fine movement activities.
KIN 306   Nutritional Sciences   3 Units
This course will explore issues pertinent to the study of health and
nutrition for the active individual. This course will analyze concepts and
controversies and will emphasize the importance of research and clinical
studies in the current nutritional literature. Students will also examine
and discuss key concepts concerning the role of nutrition in overall health
and well-being for a healthy lifestyle.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 115
KIN 307 Exercise and Gerontology 3 Units
This course is will explore the latest evidence-based research on the
effects of aging and will familiarize students with the physiological
impacts of aging as it relates to the decline in physical development,
cardiovascular and pulmonary functioning, and muscular strength and
power. This course will also introduce the effects of declining motor
skills as well as other physical-psychosocial relationships associated
with aging.
KIN 310   General Medicine and Pharmacology   3 Units
This course will incorporate the knowledge, skills, and values that health
professionals must possess to recognize, treat, and refer general medical
conditions and disabilities. Students will also look at the skills and
knowledge of pharmacologic applications for those involved in sport and
physical activity. Lab fee: $25.
KIN 317   Kinesiology   4 Units
This course will study human movement with an emphasis on the
structure and function of the skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems.
Prerequisite: BIO 246.
KIN 320 Historical, Social, Cultural Foundations of Sport and P.E. 3
Units
This course will present and discuss the philosophical, historical,
and sociological constructs relevant to sport and physical education.
Philosophy of sport will explore ways to understand sport involvement.
History of sport will be explored from Ancient Greece to modern times.
Sociology of sport will be explored regarding current challenges, relevant
issues, and controversies in sport and physical education.
KIN 325 Exercise Testing and Prescription 3 Units
This is a National Council of Strength and Fitness (NCSF) approved
course for those who want advanced personal training certification.
Topics will include functional anatomy; health and fitness screening and
assessment; cardiovascular assessment and prescription; strength and
power assessment and prescription; nutrition and weight management.
Prerequisite: KIN 225 or consent of department chair.
KIN 330 Lifestyle Medicine and Wellness 3 Units
This course will explore the research evidence for lifestyle effects on
health and wellness including; nutrition, fluids, physical activity, stress,
depression, happiness, sleep, pain management, and addiction; issues in
health literacy; lifestyle effects on behavior change and motivation; and
the role of lifestyle on chronic disease. Students will learn an alternative
way of understanding health and health care compared to the typical payfor-service or caring for the sick health care model.
KIN 335   Physical Activity and Epidemiology   3 Units
This course will explore the effects of physical activity on chronic disease
prevention and health promotion throughout the life span, from clinical
and public health perspectives. Discussion and application of real-life
physical activity assessment, research, guidelines, and promotion in
population levels. Emphasis will be placed on the ability to understand
and utilize epidemiology statistics.
KIN 340 Elementary Physical Education 3 Units
This is an instructional strategies course that will introduce students
to movement and fitness education for children, including topics on the
development and use of games and music to aid in children's motor
development, and the integration of the principles of motor learning,
motor development, and physiology of movement.
KIN 344 Health and Wellness Programming 3 Units
This course covers the design and implementation of worksite health
promotion programs and the benefits these programs have for both
employees and employers. Students will review various health risk
appraisals and plan theory-based incentive programs designed to
promote positive lifestyles. Opportunities for learning behavior change
models and methods will be provided through wellness coaching
sessions.
KIN 348 Evaluation of Injuries 3 Units
This course provides a theoretical and practical approach to injury
assessment of the upper and lower body. A systematic evaluation
process is utilized to assess injuries and conditions that involve
the head/face, cervical/thoracic spine, shoulder, elbow, forearm, wrist,
hand, abdominal viscera, lumbar spine, hip, thigh, knee, lower leg, ankle,
foot, and gait analysis. Lab time is included in the schedule.
KIN 358 Therapeutic Exercise 3 Units
A theoretical and practical approach to therapeutic exercise will be
introduced, discussed and explored in this course. Lab time is included in
the schedule.
KIN 360   Principles of Coaching   3 Units
An analysis of theoretical and practical factors in coaching such as
motivation; attitude formation, leadership, character development and
techniques of coaching will be covered in this course.
KIN 364 Exercise Psychology 3 Units
This course will focus on the psychological understanding of exercise
behavior through the examination of psychological, psycho-physiological,
and social factors that influence physical activity participation and
performance; how participating in physical activity and exercise affect
psychological well-being; and the theoretical, methodological, and applied
approaches to a variety of topics related to exercise psychology.
KIN 365 Sport Psychology 3 Units
The role of psychomotor and cognitive factors in human movement
and sport settings are discussed and explored in this course along
with selected topics of such as personality theory, arousal, attribution
theory, achievement motivation, anxiety, sport performance interventions,
goal setting, attention styles, aggression, social facilitation, social
reinforcement, and imagery.
KIN 368   Therapeutic Modalities   3 Units
A theoretical and practical approach for therapeutic modalities in
exercise and rehabilitation are discussed and explored in this course. Lab
time is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $25.
KIN 390   Practicum: General   1-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom
directly related to the student's major, minor or professional program that
is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience. Offered
as a Pass/No Pass course.
KIN 392 Practicum: Teacher Education 1-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom
directly related to the student's major, minor or professional program that
is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience. Offered
as a Pass/No Pass course.
KIN 393   Practicum: Kinesiology   1-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom
directly related to the student's major, minor or professional program that
is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience. Offered
at a Pass/No Pass course.
116 Korean (KOR)
KIN 394   Practicum: Coaching   1-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom
directly related to the student's major, minor or professional program that
is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience. Offered
as a Pass/No Pass course.
KIN 395   Practicum: Allied Health   1-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom
directly related to the student's major, minor or professional program that
is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience. Offered
as a Pass/No Pass course.
KIN 403   Biomechanics   4 Units
This introductory course will look at the basic principles of anatomical
mechanics and their applications to human movement including an
analysis of efficient movement. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab
Fee: $50. Prerequisite: KIN 317.
KIN 406 Exercise Physiology 4 Units
This course applies the physiological principles to the study of human
performance in exercise. Lab fee: $30. Prerequisites: BIO 246 and
BIO 247.
KIN 409   Research in Kinesiology   2 Units
This course will require students to apply research methods and skills
towards the completion of original student-conducted research. This
course may require library research, field and/or laboratory research, and
statistical analysis to be completed under the supervision of a faculty
advisor.
KIN 410   Statistics and Measurement   4 Units
The development, evaluation, and administration of measurement
techniques and tests in exercise science will be explored through lecture
and practical applications. Basic statistical analyses and applications in
interpreting tests and measurements are taught. Lab fee: $25.
KIN 416 Advanced Exercise Physiology 3 Units
As a continuation of KIN 406, this course will survey and evaluate current
concepts and literature regarding physiological regulatory mechanisms
of oxygen transport and muscle metabolism including the examination
of both acute and chronic effects of exercise with an emphasis placed on
physiological limitations. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee:
$30. Prerequisite: KIN 406.
KIN 417 Movement Analysis 3 Units
This course will examine the mechanical, structural, and physiological
bases of human movement. This course will consist of two parts:
(1) introduction of research tools for kinematic and kinetic analysis
of human movement and (2) experiment-based projects that
apply mechanical principles to the real world human movement
situations. Students will engage in advanced study of biomechanical
instrumentation systems and will apply mechanical principles to human
movement. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: KIN 403.
KIN 420   Research Methods in Kinesiology   3 Units
This course will prepare students to read, critique, and conduct scientific
research. Through practical experience and understanding of research
methods students will develop the skills and knowledge needed to
conduct research using a variety of assessments and data collection
methods in the discipline of human movement.
KIN 492 Internship: Teacher Education 1-8 Units
This course is an intense practical part- or full-time experience outside
the classroom that is an integral part of a professional program that
contributes significantly to the preparation of a student for entrance into
a profession. Approximately forty-two (42) contact hours are required for
each unit of credit. Each department may limit the maximum number of
internship credit. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.
KIN 493   Internship: Kinesiology   1-8 Units
This course is an intense practical part- or full-time experience outside
the classroom that is an integral part of a professional program that
contributes significantly to the preparation of a student for entrance into
a profession. Approximately forty-two (42) contact hours are required for
each unit of credit. Each department may limit the maximum number of
internship credit. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.
KIN 494   Internship: Coaching   1-8 Units
This course is an intense practical part- or full-time experience outside
the classroom that is an integral part of a professional program that
contributes significantly to the preparation of a student for entrance into
a profession. Approximately forty-two (42) contact hours are required for
each unit of credit. Each department may limit the maximum number of
internship credit. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.
KIN 495   Internship: Allied Health   1-8 Units
This course is an intense practical part- or full-time experience outside
the classroom that is an integral part of a professional program that
contributes significantly to the preparation of a student for entrance into
a profession. Approximately forty-two (42) contact hours are required for
each unit of credit. Each department may limit the maximum number of
internship credit. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.
Korean (KOR)
KOR 101 Korean I 4 Units
This course is designed for students with little or no prior study of Korean
language. It focuses first on reading and writing the Hangul script, and
then emphasizes basic speaking and listening in conversational Korean.
KOR 102 Korean II 4 Units
A continuation of KOR 101. Focuses on conversational and basic
academic Korean, including an introduction to Sino-Korean characters.
Prerequisite: KOR 101.
Latin (LAT)
LAT 101 Fundamentals of Latin I 4 Units
This course will study the fundamentals of the Latin language including
morphology, syntax, and vocabulary for reading simple passages of Latin
prose and poetry.
LAT 102 Fundamentals of Latin II 4 Units
A continuation of LAT 101. Prerequisite: LAT 101 or equivalent.
LAT 301 Latin Readings 3 Units
Rapid readings and translation of classical and medieval Latin texts.
Topics may include prose authors (Cicero, Caesar, Livy, Tacitus), poets
(Catullus, Virgil, Horace, Ovid), medieval literature (Augustine through
the Reformation), and prose composition. Prerequisites: C- or better in
LAT 101 and LAT 102. May be repeated for credit.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 117
Management (MGT)
MGT 321   Management   3 Units
This introductory course will look at the areas of planning, organizing,
staffing, and controlling with an emphasis on responsibility and authority,
delegation and decentralization, line-staff relationship organization
charting, communication, and reaction to change Interpersonal skills,
motivation, leadership, and organizational resource management will
also be studied. Prerequisites: BUS 201 and (BUS 224 or BUS 225).
Recommended prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.
MGT 323   Global Enterprise   3 Units
Through an overview of world trade and investment patterns,
international sourcing, marketing, and management for global
businesses, this course will emphasize international trade theory, the
world financial environment, and the role of multinational corporations
including international sourcing, marketing, and management for global
business. Prerequisite: MGT 321.
MGT 324   Global Enterprise Experience   3 Units
This course will look at the application and experience of world trade,
investment patterns, international sourcing, marketing, and management
for global business. A group travel component, at an additional cost
to the student, is an integral part of this course providing out-of-the
classroom experiential learning opportunities supplemented by faceto-face and online readings and assignments with areas of special
emphasis and locales being rotated. Prerequisite: MGT 321.
MGT 326 New Ventures and Entrepreneurship 3 Units
This course will explore the methods of business ownership including
startup, franchise, and firm acquisition with a practical emphasis on
screening initial business ideas, accessing information sources, defining
customer benefits, developing strategic posture, analyzing markets and
competitors, and creating a comprehensive business plan including the
theoretical development of a new venture establishment enhanced by
guest lecturers experienced in startup ventures. Prerequisite: MGT 321.
MGT 327 Organizational Behavior 3 Units
This purpose of this course is to develop a broad intellectual foundation
of organizational behavior and leadership by studying the major theories
of and approaches to organizational behavior and leadership such as
trait, skills, behavioral, situational, transformational, authentic, servant,
contingency, ethical, and the psychodynamic approach. The focus will
be on surveying the landscape of organizational behavior and leadership
thinking and the delineation of successful leadership attitudes, behaviors,
and communication styles that may be adopted or developed to achieve
success. Participants will be asked to apply the concepts to their
own experience, perspective, and values to more deeply understand
their unique role as a leader. Case studies, skill development, and selfevaluative tools will be used throughout this course to bring deeper
understanding to the concepts presented. Prerequisite: MGT 321.
MGT 343   Operations   3 Units
This course will use applied quantitative methods to optimize cash
flow; reduce material and inventory costs; create efficiencies; enhance
quality and mitigate risks in the manufacture, distribution, servicing, and
retirement of both tangible goods and intangible services. Prerequisite:
MGT 321.
MGT 351 Diversity in Organizations 3 Units
This course will examine the impact of diversity, culture, and ethnic
origin on the work experience while preparing individuals to meet the
challenge of cultural diversity in organizations with an emphasis on how
race, religion, age, gender, sexual orientation, physical and mental ability,
work and family, weight and appearance, international diversity, theories,
legislation, and organizational philosophy interact to create a set of
rules for acceptable behaviors in complex organizations. Prerequisite:
BUS 201.
MGT 424   Human Resource Management   3 Units
As a study on how organizations obtain, maintain, and retain their
human resources, this course will examine current organizational theory,
research, and practice regarding variables that influence human behavior
in organizations. Prerequisite: MGT 321.
Marketing (MKT)
MKT 341 Marketing 3 Units
This is a survey course of marketing principles and theory. The course
supports a practical applied approach to the marketing mix, consumer
and industrial markets, market research, plus the challenges of the
competitive marketplace. The course also includes an introduction
to the issues of globalization. Prerequisite: BUS 201. Recommended
prerequisite: ECO 201 or ECO 202.
MKT 344 The Advertising Agency 3 Units
A managerial approach to promotional campaign development with an
emphasis on advertising strategy as a component of the total market mix
will be presented in this course. Students will apply research techniques
to target audience identification, message development, creative
executive, and media planning as they design a complete campaign for a
specified client. Prerequisite: MKT 341 (concurrent enrollment allowed).
MKT 353   Professional Selling   3 Units
This course focuses on the study of the principles of selling and basic
sales concepts. Topics will include: Competitive advantage, researching
company and competitor information, value proposition, customer needs,
listening; communication skills, presenting information, negotiation, and
closing skills. Prerequisite: MKT 341 (concurrent enrollment allowed).
MKT 355 Services Marketing 3 Units
A practical approach to understanding and implementing marketing
strategies as applied to the business and service sectors. Applications
in healthcare, financial and hospitality industries will be addressed.
Prerequisite: MKT 341.
MKT 371 Digital Marketing 3 Units
This course will provide a broad overview of digital media including
effective web design, SEO (search engine optimization) strategies, social
media tools, mobile marketing, metrics, and analytics with a focus on
business strategies and trends while using the appropriate digital tools
for maximum effectiveness. Prerequisite: MKT 341.
MKT 442 Marketing Research 3 Units
This course seeks to provide an applied approach to the techniques and
concepts of marketing research and its critical relevance to effective
management decisions. Students will develop competency in survey
methods and statistical analysis techniques. The course supports classic
marketing approaches and the role of research in assisting corporate
strategies in optimizing financial performance. Prerequisites: General
education math requirements and MKT 341.
118 Mathematics (MTH)
MKT 445 International Marketing 3 Units
A broad survey course of international marketing principals and trade
theory. The course supports a practical approach to global marketing
with a focus on competition, market analysis and entry strategies, trade
finance, cultural dynamics, and the challenges of the global marketplace.
Student teams will prepare market-entry plans for a specific country.
Prerequisite: MKT 341.
MKT 475 Marketing Strategy 3 Units
This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and
related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation
and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge
introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses.
Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing
strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam fee: $40.
Prerequisites: Marketing emphasis with senior standing and FIN 331 and
MGT 321 and MKT 371 and MKT 442.
Mathematics (MTH)
MTH 201   Principles of Mathematics   3 Units
Through a study of mathematics competencies required for the liberal
studies major, this course will include logic, algebra, functions, counting,
probability, and statistics with problem solving being emphasized
throughout the course. Prerequisite: Intermediate Algebra or equivalent.
MTH 252   Introduction to Calculus   3 Units
This course, for non-math majors, will study the limits and the
foundations of differential and integral calculus with an emphasis on
applications. The use of technology (graphing calculator, websites,
Maple) will be used. Prerequisite: C- or better in AMTH 101 or CMTH 101
or MTH 201 or equivalent.
MTH 265   Introduction to Statistics   3 Units
As a basic statistics course applicable to education, business, and
the hard sciences, this course will include topics such as descriptive
statistics, the normal, binomial, F-, and Chi-squared distributions, and
hypothesis testing. Optional topics might include additional nonparametric tests and ANOVA. A TI-83 graphing calculator or Microsoft
Excel is required. Prerequisite: C- or better in AMTH 101 or CMTH 101 or
MTH 201 or MTH 252 or MTH 271 or equivalent.
MTH 271   Calculus I   4 Units
This course will study differential and integral calculus in one variable
through graphical, numerical and symbolic methods. Limits, continuity,
derivatives, and integrals will be studied with algebraic, trigonometric,
exponential and logarithmic functions, including applications using
calculus to solve problems. Prerequisite: A passing score on the Calculus
Placement Exam, or consent of the department chair.
MTH 272   Calculus II   4 Units
A continuation of MTH 271, this course will include a study of methods of
integration, applied to algebraic and transcendental functions. Solids of
revolution, definite and indefinite integrals, Taylor polynomials, sequences
and series, will be studied including applications using calculus to
solve problems. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 271 or acceptable AP
examination credit.
MTH 301 Mathematics for Teachers 3 Units
This course is designed to meet the California Commission on Teacher
Credentialing (CCTC) criteria for students studying to become elementary
teachers and will include review of the topics within most elementary
mathematics curriculum. The content areas covered will be set theory,
pre-operational skills, whole number operations, estimations and
mental calculation, number theory, fractions, decimals and integers,
rational and real numbers, statistics, measurement, and geometry
including terminology, polygons, similarity, congruence, coordinate
geometry, symmetry, reflections, and notations with problem solving
being emphasized throughout. Topics will be presented with appropriate
styles of mathematical methodology and hands-on classroom activities.
Prerequisite: sophomore, junior or senior standing.
MTH 313   Mathematics Notation and Proof   3 Units
This course will introduce standard mathematical notation, methods,
truth tables, and principles of symbolic logic for use in determining
the validity of arguments, dealing with proper notation and structure in
mathematical proofs including direct and indirect proofs, mathematical
induction, and construction of counter-examples. Application will be
made to a field of mathematics such as set theory, algebra, or geometry.
Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 272.
MTH 371   Linear Algebra   3 Units
This course will study properties of matrix arithmetic, systems of
linear equations, determinants, vector spaces, linear transformations,
diagonalization, inner products, and applications of these topics.
Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 272.
MTH 373   Calculus III   4 Units
As a continuation of MTH 272, this course will include the study of
vector calculus, three-dimensional calculus, partial derivatives, multiple
integrals, differential calculus, and other selected topics in vector
calculus. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 272.
MTH 376   Discrete Mathematics   3 Units
This course will include the study of relations and functions, graph theory,
counting principles and combinatorics, set theory, Boolean algebra, code
theory, linear programming, and other selected topics. Prerequisite: C- or
better in MTH 271. Offered alternate years.
MTH 379   Numerical Analysis   3 Units
This course serves as an introduction to the basic algorithms of
numerical analysis. Topics may include numerical solutions of algebraic
equations, interpolation and approximation methods, approximate
numerical solutions to systems of linear and non-linear equations, and
numerical differentiation and integration. Prerequisite: C- or better in
CSC 104 and MTH 272. Offered alternate years.
MTH 380 Modern Geometry 3 Units
This course will provide a general study of deductive systems of
geometry including Euclidean, projective, finite, and other non-Euclidean
geometries. Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: C- or better in AMTH
101 or CMTH 101 or MTH 201 or MTH 252 or MTH 271 or equivalent.
MTH 384 Ordinary Differential Equations 3 Units
This course will cover the classification of differential equations along
with first order equations, exact differentials, integrating factors, higher
order differential equations, method of undetermined coefficients,
variation of parameters, operator methods, solution by infinite series, and
Laplace transformations. Prerequisite: C- or better in MTH 272. Offered
alternate years.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 119
MTH 387   Probability and Statistics I   3 Units
This course will look at the probability and combinatorics; discrete and
continuous random variables; the normal, gamma, Chi-square, Poisson,
and binomial distributions with applications. Prerequisite: C- or better in
MTH 373 (concurrent enrollment allowed). Offered alternate years.
MTH 388   Probability and Statistics II   3 Units
A continuation of MTH 387, this course will cover various multivariate
probability distributions, bias and unbiased estimators, Least Square
estimation, ANOVA , Block Designs, and a revisit of hypothesis testing
and a study of nonparametric statistics. Prerequisite: C- or better in
MTH 387. Offered alternate years.
MTH 473   Modern Algebra I   3 Units
This course will study the properties and operations within groups,
rings, integral domains, fields, normal subgroups, quotient groups,
homomorphisms, and isomorphisms. Prerequisite: C- or better in
MTH 313. Offered alternate years.
MTH 474   Modern Algebra II   3 Units
This course is a continuation of the study of the properties and
operations within rings, integral domains, fields, quotient rings, groups,
subgroups, homomorphisms and isomorphisms. Prerequisite: C- or better
in MTH 473 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.
MTH 489   Real Analysis   3 Units
This course will provide an introduction to the advanced study of the
real number system, and the ideas and proof techniques specific to
mathematical analysis. Topics include properties of the real numbers,
sequences, series, limits, continuity, and differentiation. Prerequisite: C- or
better in MTH 313 and MTH 373. Offered alternate years.
MTH 495 Topics in Mathematics - Review 1.5 Unit
As the first of two (2) capstone courses for all mathematics majors,
students will meet as a group once per week to review competencies
in the major, take group-wide assessments, and complete a preliminary
research abstract on a topic of their choice as they work with a
faculty mentor followed by a short presentation to their peers and
faculty regarding their preliminary findings for reaction and feedback.
Prerequisite: Senior standing.
MTH 496 Topics in Mathematics - Final 1.5 Unit
As the second of two (2) capstone courses for all mathematics majors,
students, working with a faculty mentor, will complete their research from
MTH 495 on a written project and present their findings to a committee
of peers and faculty. Inclusion of the research project in the President's
Academic Showcase for Undergraduate Research is encouraged.
Prerequisite: Senior standing.
Music (MUS)
MUS 100 Concert Attendance 0 Units
Students majoring in music must attend 40 concerts/recitals (5 per
semester) during their time at Concordia University Irvine (transfers must
accrue 5 times the number of semesters the attend). An updated list will
be published at the end of each semester detailing concert attendance.
In the semester when students expect to pass 40, they should enroll
in MUS 100 for pass/fail certification. Students who fail to complete
this requirement will not be approved for graduation with a major in
music. Attendance credit is not allowed for concerts/recitals in which the
student is a performer for the majority of the repertoire.
MUS 102 Music Fundamentals 3 Units
This entry-level course is intended for music majors and general
education students who wish to develop skills in sight reading, music
theory, and other basic musical skills.
MUS 103 Fundamentals of Music I 1 Unit
Intended for students considering a music major or minor or for those
who wish to learn to read music, this entry- level course develops skills
in music notation and in the basic principles of music theory. Concert
attendance fee: $40.
MUS 104 Fundamentals of Music II 1 Unit
As a continuation of MUS 103, this course provides opportunities for the
further development of music notation and music theory skills. Concert
attendance fee: $40.
MUS 111   Experiences in Music   3 Units
Through integrated reading, listening, discussion, musical participation,
and concert attendance students will identify, experience, and understand
the elements of music and basic notation and will apply active listening
skills to the study of global and Western music from the Middle Ages to
the present day in this course. Concert attendance fee: $40.
MUS 112 Music in the Liberal Arts 3 Units
Through integrated reading, multimedia presentations, listening, writing,
and concert attendance, students will engage with music in this online
course in the context of history, style, literature, science, faith, sociology,
and philosophy. Concert Attendance fee: $40.
MUS 176 Opera Workshop I 2 Units
In this course students will learn basic concepts of communication and
character development through reading, research, writing, and develop
performance skills by singing in the opera chorus.
MUS 201 Music Theory I 3 Units
As a beginning study of the craft of music for music majors and minors
or general students with considerable musical experience, this course will
include the study and application of scales, intervals, triads, rhythms, and
elementary chord progression through analysis and writing. Co-requisites:
Normally taken concurrently with MUS 211. Recommended: MUS 103
and MUS 104 or other training in the fundamentals of musical notation.
Concert attendance fee: $40.
MUS 202 Music Theory II 3 Units
Continuation of MUS 201, this course will study seventh chords,
modulation and basic musical forms through analysis and composition
of four-part textures. Concert attendance fee: $35. Prerequisite: Should be
taken concurrently with MUS 212.
MUS 204   Songwriting and Analysis   2 Units
The practical application and technique of songwriting, including lyrics,
melody, harmony, form and stylistic content.
MUS 211   Aural Skills I   1 Unit
This course will provide students with the training and tools that will
aid in the development of sight-singing, dictation, and basic keyboard
skills that support basic concepts as they learn to hear and identify basic
harmonic (intervals, triads, and chord progressions) and rhythmic and
melodic materials using the moveable-do solfege system.
MUS 212   Aural Skills II   1 Unit
A continuation of MUS 211. Prerequisite: Should be taken concurrently
with MUS 202.
MUS 216 Music Technology I 2 Units
An introduction to music technology hardware and software, focusing
on the tools and methods used to create, prepare and perform music.
Specific attention is given to score preparation, layout and formatting.
Additional topics include: introduction to MIDI, digital, and live
performance systems. Students will participate in hands-on projects
in which they will apply their understanding of basic music technology
principles. Knowledge of basic music notation recommended.
120 Music (MUS)
MUS 217 Contemporary Music Styles 2 Units
An examination of the history of popular music styles, from the late
1950’s to present day from a musical, technological and cultural
perspective. Students study the structure and function of modern
ensembles through listening and analysis and apply their knowledge
through arranging, composition and performance.
MUS 218   Music Business   2 Units
An overview of the recorded music business including market structure,
distribution, publishing, income streams, marketing, copyright, licensing
and contracts.
MUS 221   Beginning Conducting   2 Units
As a beginning study in the craft of conducting, this course will include
the basic beat patterns, preparatory and release gestures, and simple
non-verbal stylistic cues. Students will conduct a musical ensemble
composed of class members.
MUS 222   Intermediate Conducting   2 Units
As a continuation of MUS 221, students will build upon their conducting
skills with more advanced study in expressive gestures, left-hand
independence, cueing, psychological conducting, and score preparation.
Prerequisite: MUS 221.
MUS 240   Introduction to Accompanying   2 Units
Keyboard accompanying is a course designed to give keyboard players an
introduction to accompanying and topics related to collaborative playing.
It is an interactive course that will include class meetings to discuss
topics related to the field of accompanying, individual coaching sessions,
and a final project or performance. The keyboardist will have readings
and assignments to complete outside of class and will be assigned
musical partners (singers and instrumentalists) to work with throughout
the semester. Prerequisite: Concurrent registration in MUKP 201 or
MUKP 301 or MUKP 401.
MUS 261 Introduction to Music Teaching 1 Unit
This course will explore career opportunities in music education including
elementary, middle, and high school as well as studio pedagogy through
readings, seminar discussions, and field experience in area schools
and studios. Prerequisites: At last sophomore standing; MUS 103 or
MUS 111 or MUS 112 or MUS 201 (concurrent enrollment allowed for all),
or permission of instructor.
MUS 271   Diction for Singers I: English/Italian   2 Units
Study of basic phonetics in English and Italian as applied to singer's
diction with an introduction to International Phonetic Alphabet.
MUS 272 Diction for Singers II: German/French 2 Units
Study of basic phonetics in German and French as applied to singer's
diction. Continued study of the International Phonetic Alphabet.
Prerequisite: MUS 271.
MUS 276 Opera Workshop II 2 Units
In this course students will learn basic concepts of communication
and character development through reading, research, and writing as
they develop performing skills through singing in the opera chorus and
learning small solo roles.
MUS 290 Music Major Review 0 Units
Students must register for the Music Major Review for the semester
in which the review will take place. See Music Major Review policy.
Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisite: MUKP 211 (concurrent
enrollment allowed).
MUS 303 Music Theory III: Classic 3 Units
As a continuation of MUS 202, this course examines figured bass,
modal and Baroque counterpoint, and basic jazz and contemporary
harmony. Concert attendance fee: $40. Prerequisite: MUS 202; concurrent
enrollment in MUS 323 is strongly recommended.
MUS 304 Music Theory IV 3 Units
As a continuation of MUS 303, this course examines sonata form,
nineteenth-century chromaticism, and 20th and 21st-century
developments such as atonality, serialism, set analysis, and minimalism.
Compositional skills will be cultivated in guided projects. Concert
attendance fee: $35. Prerequisites: MUS 303 or MUS 306; concurrent
enrollment in MUS 324 is strongly recommended.
MUS 305   Arranging   2 Units
This course introduces students to the basic principles of arranging
pre-existing musical material for the small ensembles commonly
encountered in church, educational, and commercial settings. Aspects
of reharmonization, voicing, scoring, part generation, and idiomatic
instrumental and choral writing will be studied. Prerequisite: MUS 202.
MUS 306 Music Theory III: Commercial 3 Units
An introduction to modern harmonic relationships found in jazz,
contemporary pop and worship music, focusing on chord structure and
function, plural interior chords, scalar relationships, and jazz and pop
notation. Students will apply these concepts through improvisation,
arranging and composition. Prerequisite: MUS 202; concurrent enrollment
in MUS 323 is strongly recommended.
MUS 307 Improvisation 2 Units
Students will study musical improvisation in jazz and popular music
through analysis of the work of great soloists and the application of
genre-specific melodic, harmonic and rhythmic concepts. Prerequisites:
MUS 303 or MUS 306.
MUS 312 Brass Techniques 1 Unit
Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining brass
instruments along with curricular concepts and materials for teaching
beginning instrumentalists will be covered in this course. Prerequisites:
Considerable musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of
instructor. Offered alternate years.
MUS 313 Percussion Techniques 1 Unit
Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining percussion
instruments will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable
musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor.
Offered alternate years.
MUS 314 Woodwind Techniques 1 Unit
Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining woodwind
instruments will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable
musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor.
Offered alternate years.
MUS 315 String Techniques 1 Unit
Basic techniques for playing, teaching, and maintaining string
instruments will be covered in this course. Prerequisites: Considerable
musical experience, preferably instrumental, and consent of instructor.
Offered alternate years.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 121
MUS 316 Music Technology II 2 Units
A continuation of MUS 216, this course explores the process of creating
music on a Digital Audio Workstation from initial set-up through final
mixdown. Students will build sessions that include multi-track recordings
of live audio, MIDI sequences and virtual instruments, and begin to
apply basic editing techniques and commonly used effects such as EQ,
compression, delay and reverb. Prerequisite: MUS 216 or consent of
instructor.
MUS 323   Aural Skills III   1 Unit
Students will build upon sight singing and aural dictation skills learned
in Aural Skills II. Rhythmic exercises include compound meter, duplets,
and triplets. Melodic exercises continue work in the major mode and
focus increasingly on the minor mode. Harmonic dictation moves through
all diatonic triads and leading-tone seventh chords are introduced.
Prerequisite: MUS 212.
MUS 324   Aural Skills IV   1 Unit
Students will build upon sight singing and aural dictation skills learned
in Aural Skills III. Rhythmic exercises include mixed meter, hemiola,
popular drum beat patterns and jazz rhythmic motives. Melodic exercises
continue work in the church modes and focus increasingly on jazz scales.
Harmonic dictation explores all diatonic triads, secondary dominant
chords, popular chord progressions, and additional exploration of jazz
harmonies. Prerequisite: MUS 323.
MUS 331 Music History I: Antiquity through Bach 3 Units
Survey the development of art music in Western history from antiquity
through the baroque period, including the social functions of music
and the relationship between secular and ecclesiastical, and vocal and
instrumental music. Prerequisite: MUS 202 or consent of instructor.
MUS 332 Music History II: Classical Period through Early-Twentieth
Century 3 Units
This survey course will examine the development of Western art music
from the early classical period through the beginning of the twentieth
century, including the social functions of music, the relationship between
secular and ecclesiastical music, and vocal and instrumental music.
Prerequisite: MUS 202 or consent of instructor.
MUS 352 Music of World Cultures 3 Units
This course will introduce students to the study of music as a universal
cultural phenomenon and the discipline of ethnomusicology with
exposure to the musical and social aspects of folk, traditional, and art
music of regions from Asia, Africa, Middle East, Europe, Latin America,
and North America. Experience in music is encouraged but not required.
MUS 376 Opera Workshop III 2 Units
In this course students will learn concepts of communication and
character development through reading, research, and writing as they
develop performance skills by participating in the opera chorus and
singing solo roles.
MUS 382 Contemporary Worship Ensemble Leadership 3 Units
This course will study and apply worship band ensemble leadership
principles including the development of an intentional leadership team;
the audition process; rehearsal techniques for band and vocal teams;
arranging and writing lead sheets and rhythm charts; and the role
and direction of a praise choir, organization, and spiritual leadership.
Prerequisites: THL 281 and THL 381 or consent of instructor. Offered
alternate years.
MUS 390   Practicum: Music Leadership   1-2 Units
As a closely supervised introductory experience in directing musical
ensembles, this course will assist students in classroom teaching or
other approved music leadership activity. Prerequisites: Junior standing,
completion of at least fifteen (15) units in music, an appropriate methods
course, demonstrated music leadership ability, and consent of instructor.
MUS 391   Practicum: Church Music   0.5-2 Units
This is a supervised experience in leadership of campus worship music
or preliminary field work in a Christian congregation. Taken in .5 unit
increments.
MUS 392   Practicum: Composition   0.5-2 Units
This course fosters contextualized learning and practical skills through
private composition study, mentoring, and ensemble performance. This
course may be repeated for additional credit.
MUS 393 Practicum: Contemporary Ensemble Leadership 1 Unit
Contemporary Ensemble Leadership is a practicum designed to prepare
the student for the effective leadership of jazz, pop, rock and worship
ensembles. The class includes ensemble lab experience and individual
coaching and instruction between the instructor and the student. The
student may function as a member of the ensemble or as a non-playing
ensemble leader. Prerequisite: consent of instructor.
MUS 394   Practicum: Music Production   1-2 Units
Practical recording projects consisting of Concordia ensembles and
outside artists in the BMC Recording Studio and other venues on
campus. Prerequisites: MUS 413 and MUS 416.
MUS 401 Advanced Studies in Music 3 Units
This course will be scheduled when there is adequate student interest in
particular topics such as jazz, counterpoint, arranging for instrumental,
choral or handbell groups, electronic music, music in particular cultures,
a period of music history, or topics in music education. Prerequisites:
Depends on the topic selected, but normally MUS 202 and one (1) music
history course.
MUS 403   Instrumentation and Orchestration   3 Units
The course focuses on the practical and artistic aspects of scoring for
large instrumental and choral ensembles. A significant portion of the
class will be devoted to a study of the tonal and technical characteristics
of band and orchestral instruments. Through class readings, score study,
and composition-oriented projects, students will build competence in
arranging and composing for large ensembles. Prerequisite: MUS 303.
MUS 404 Contemporary Music Theory 2 Units
An introduction to modern harmonic relationships found in jazz,
contemporary pop and worship music, focusing on chord structure,
spelling, inversions, plural interior chords, scalar relationships, and jazz
and pop notation. Students will learn to create genre-specific improvised
melodic and harmonic accompaniment from a lead sheet or rhythm
section chart. Prerequisite: MUS 304.
MUS 405 Arranging in Popular Music 2 Units
The advanced application of arranging concepts in a popular music
setting with an emphasis on the utilization of commonly used
instrumental and vocal groupings and curating the arranging process
through various stages including concept development, score
preparation, rehearsal, programming, recording and performance.
Prerequisites: MUS 305 and MUS 306.
122 Music (MUS)
MUS 412 Instrumental Methods and Repertoire 2 Units
This advanced instrumental music methods course will focus on
repertoire, rehearsal management, advanced conducting issues and
techniques, pedagogy, planning, and administration. Prerequisites:
MUS 202 and MUS 222 or consent of the instructor. Offered alternate
years.
MUS 413   Music Production   3 Units
Explores the leadership, collaborative and technical aspects of studio
recording sessions. Prerequisite: MUS 316 or consent of instructor.
MUS 415 Advanced Recording Techniques 2 Units
The study and application of advanced recording techniques. Students
will collaborate on a variety of recording and mixing projects with an
emphasis on advanced microphone configurations and techniques,
channel strip structure and application, gain staging and session
management. Prerequisite: MUS 413.
MUS 416 Music Technology III 2 Units
A continuation of MUS 316, this course explores intermediate and
advanced recording, programming, editing and production techniques in a
project-based setting. Prerequisite: MUS 316 or consent of instructor.
MUS 417   MIDI and Synthesis   2 Units
This course explores the history and application of synthesizers in
modern music. Students study the various types of synthesizers
including subtractive synthesis, FM, sample-based synthesis and
acoustic modeling. Prerequisite: MUS 316.
MUS 418 Audio Mastering and Post-Production 2 Units
This course explores the history and application of audio mastering and
other commonly employed post production processes with emphasis
on mastering components, proper monitoring, stereo imaging, phase
correlation, corrective audio tools and delivery. Prerequisite: MUS 416.
MUS 430 History and Analysis of Modern Music 2 Units
Through reading, and discussion, students will understand the historical
development of music in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries, and will
apply theoretical and historical analysis to notated and improvised music
in the popular, classical and sacred traditions. Prerequisites: MUS 304
and MUS 331 and MUS 332.
MUS 441 Handbell Methods and Repertoire 1-3 Units
This course will study the organization and directing of handbell
programs. The one (1)-unit course includes a philosophy of handbell
ringing, methods for beginning ringers, materials and equipment,
recruitment, and handbell literature for school and church. The two (2)-
unit course adds literature, curriculum, and methods for more advanced
ringers, small ensembles, and solos. The three (3)-unit course adds
work in composition and arranging for handbells as well as advanced
conducting. Prerequisites for one (1) or two (2) units: Experience with
handbell ringing and familiarity with musical notation; for the three (3)-
unit course: MUS 202 and MUS 222.
MUS 442 Piano Pedagogy 2 Units
This course explores aspects of piano pedagogy, teaching techniques,
and instructional materials appropriate for beginning and intermediate
students through research, discussion, observation of private teaching
studio, and reading. The course will also provide opportunities to apply
these principles in practical piano teaching. Prerequisite: MUKP 201 or
MUKP 301 or MUKP 401 or permission of instructor.
MUS 443   Piano Literature   2 Units
This course will inform students about the range and scope of piano
repertoire. The course will study the pianist's standard repertoire from the
Baroque to the present day, including elements of style, form, historical
context, and stylistic characteristics of major composers. Prerequisite:
MUKP 201 or MUKP 301 or MUKP 401.
MUS 461   Music for Children   2,3 Units
This course will enable students to identify, understand, and work with
the music capabilities of children. This course is required for music
education and liberal studies majors and others interested in developing
school music curricula and/or other special skills and projects. Basic
music reading ability and musical experience recommended.
MUS 462 Music in Secondary Schools 2 Units
This course will study the principles and practices for teaching music in
secondary (middle and high) schools including philosophy, organization,
curriculum development, and lesson-planning for general music.
Prerequisite: MUS 461 (concurrent enrollment allowed); MUS 261
recommended.
MUS 471 Choral Methods and Repertoire 3 Units
This advanced choral music methods course will focus on repertoire,
rehearsal management, advanced conducting techniques, vocal
pedagogy, planning, and administration. Prerequisites: MUS 202 and
MUS 222 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.
MUS 472 Vocal Pedagogy and Literature 3 Units
A survey of voice anatomy, acoustics, physiology, hygiene and vocal
development. The course will explore teaching singers of various ages
and selection of age-appropriate repertoire. Prerequisite: MUVO 201 or
MUVO 301 or MUVO 401.
MUS 476 Opera Workshop IV 2 Units
In this course students will learn concepts of communication and
character development through reading, research, and writing as they
develop performance skills by participating in the opera chorus and
singing solo roles and writing program notes related to their role.
MUS 482   Music Cultures: Musical Expression in Christianity   3 Units
This course will survey of the role, development, and function of music
in the Christian church from its roots in the Old Testament to the present
day, with attention given to biblical, theological, social, and cultural
considerations. Offered alternate years.
MUS 483 A Survey of Christian Hymnody 3 Units
This is an historical survey course of Christian hymnody which will
develop an awareness of the poetic, musical, theological, and spiritual
aspects of hymnody for both congregational and devotional use. Offered
alternate years.
MUS 484 Planning Music in Christian Worship 2 Units
A practical study of planning music within the worship service will be
presented in this course as students draw upon their experiences in
theology, worship, history, arranging, performance, and repertoire courses
to create and evaluate worship forms in today's church. Prerequisite:
THL 382.
MUS 485 Contemporary Christian Song 2 Units
This survey course that will look at the development and function
of contemporary Christian music appropriate for use within both
liturgical and non-liturgical worship services as students draw upon their
experiences in theology, music, and worship courses and learn to select
and evaluate contemporary music appropriate for a Lutheran-Christian
worship context. Suggested Prerequisites: MUS 482 and MUS 483.
Prerequisite: THL 382.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 123
MUS 490   Internship: Music   1-6 Units
This is a culminating field experience course for students preparing for
a professional career in music. Prerequisites: Music major with senior
standing and all core courses completed.
MUS 493   Senior Thesis   1 Unit
The senior thesis is an opportunity for music students to engage in
close reading, research, and writing on a musical topic of their choosing.
This is an independent study, offered by arrangement with any full-time
music faculty member. The senior thesis consists of a structured process
leading to a finished academic paper of at least 10 pages.
MUS 498   Senior Project in Music   1 Unit
This course is recommended for students pursuing a music major with
concentrations in church music, commercial music, and pre-teacher
certification (see Mu_ 498). See also Senior Project Guidelines available
in the Music Office. Prerequisites: MUS 290 and approval of senior project
application.
Music: Applied
An applied music course consists of private lessons on a specific
instrument or voice and occasional collaborative sessions with a
staff accompanist. It will focus on the development of musical skills
such as (but not limited to) daily maintenance, tone production,
flexibility, articulation, range, technique, phrasing, musicianship, pacing,
memorization, performance collaboration (w/accompanist), and stage
presence. All of these will be integrated into the study of etudes, solos
and standard repertoire. Students will demonstrate their performance
skills in juries, studio classes, and/or noon recital performances.
All private lessons require a tuition surcharge. See www.cui.edu/
musiclessons for details.
MUBB 101 Private Lessons: Trombone I 1,2 Unit
MUBB 201 Private Lessons: Trombone II 1,2 Unit
MUBB 301 Private Lessons: Trombone III 1,2 Unit
MUBB 398 Junior Recital: Trombone 1 Unit
MUBB 401 Private Lessons: Trombone IV 1,2 Unit
MUBB 498 Senior Recital: Trombone 1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUBF 101 Private Lessons: French Horn I 1,2 Unit
MUBF 201 Private Lessons: French Horn II 1,2 Unit
MUBF 301 Private Lessons: French Horn III 1,2 Unit
MUBF 398 Junior Recital: French Horn 1 Unit
MUBF 401 Private Lessons: French Horn IV 1,2 Unit
MUBF 498 Senior Recital: French Horn 1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUBT 101 Private Lessons: Trumpet I 1,2 Unit
MUBT 201 Private Lessons: Trumpet II 1,2 Unit
MUBT 301 Private Lessons: Trumpet III 1,2 Unit
MUBT 398 Junior Recital: Trumpet 1 Unit
MUBT 401 Private Lessons: Trumpet IV 1,2 Unit
MUBT 498 Senior Recital: Trumpet 1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUBU 101 Private Lessons: Tuba/Euphonium I 1,2 Unit
MUBU 201 Private Lessons: Tuba/Euphonium II 1,2 Unit
MUBU 301 Private Lessons: Tuba/Euphonium III 1,2 Unit
MUBU 398 Junior Recital: Tuba/Euphonium 1 Unit
MUBU 401 Private Lessons: Tuba/Euphonium IV 1,2 Unit
MUBU 498 Senior Recital: Tuba/Euphonium 1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUCO 101 Private Lessons: Composition I 1,2 Unit
MUCO 201 Private Lessons: Composition II 1,2 Unit
MUCO 301 Private Lessons: Composition III 1,2 Unit
MUCO 398   Junior Recital: Composition   1 Unit
MUCO 401 Private Lessons: Composition IV 1,2 Unit
MUCO 498   Senior Recital: Composition   1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUCS 101 Private Lessons: Songwriting I 1,2 Unit
MUCS 201 Private Lessons: Songwriting II 1,2 Unit
MUCS 301 Private Lessons: Songwriting III 1,2 Unit
MUCS 401 Private Lessons: Songwriting IV 1,2 Unit
MUCS 498   Senior Recital: Songwriting   1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUGB 101 Private Lessons: Bass Guitar I 1,2 Unit
MUGB 201 Private Lessons: Bass Guitar II 1,2 Unit
MUGB 301 Private Lessons: Bass Guitar III 1,2 Unit
MUGB 398   Junior Recital: Bass Guitar   1 Unit
MUGB 401 Private Lessons: Bass Guitar IV 1,2 Unit
MUGB 498   Senior Recital: Bass Guitar   1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUGC 211   Church Music Guitar Competency   0 Units
This zero credit competency course/exam will assess a student's
ability to lead worship from the guitar. The exam may be repeated until
the student obtains a passing grade. Private lessons are available for
students who want to receive specialized instruction in techniques to
help a student prepare for this exam. This particular competency exam is
typically taken in the junior and senior year of study. Class fee: $25.
MUGU 100A   Guitar Class I   1 Unit
This course will teach basic skills to the beginning guitarist.
MUGU 100B   Guitar Class II   1 Unit
This course will build upon the skills gained in MUGU 100A as students
continue to develop basic guitar skills. Prerequisite: MUGU 100A or
instructor's permission.
MUGU 101 Private Lessons: Guitar I 1,2 Unit
MUGU 201 Private Lessons: Guitar II 1,2 Unit
MUGU 301 Private Lessons: Guitar III 1,2 Unit
MUGU 398   Junior Recital: Guitar   1 Unit
MUGU 401 Private Lessons: Guitar IV 1,2 Unit
MUGU 498   Senior Recital: Guitar   1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUHA 101 Private Lessons: Handbells I 1,2 Unit
MUHA 201 Private Lessons: Handbells II 1,2 Unit
MUHA 301 Private Lessons: Handbells III 1,2 Unit
MUHA 398   Junior Recital: Handbells   1 Unit
124 Music: Applied
MUHA 401 Private Lessons: Handbells IV 1,2 Unit
MUHA 498   Senior Recital: Handbells   1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUKC 311 Church Music Keyboard Competency 0 Units
This zero credit compentency course/exam will assess a student's ability
to lead worship from a piano and/or organ in a congregation which
uses a hymnal (e.g. LSB) as its main resource for congregational song
material. The exam may be repeated until the student obtains a passing
grade. Private lessons are available for students who want to receive
specialized instruction in order to prepare for this exam. This particular
competency exam is typically taken in the junior or senior year of study,
after completion of the music major piano competency exam. Class fee:
$25. Prerequisite: MUKP 211.
MUKI 101 Private Lessons: Keyboard Improvisation I 1,2 Unit
MUKI 201 Private Lessons: Keyboard Improvisation II 1,2 Unit
MUKI 301 Private Lessons: Keyboard Improvisation III 1,2 Unit
MUKI 398 Junior Recital: Keyboard Improvisation 1 Unit
MUKI 401 Private Lessons: Keyboard Improvisation IV 1,2 Unit
MUKI 498 Senior Recital: Keyboard Improvisation 1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUKO 100 Organ Class 1 Unit
This course will introduce basic organ techniques and repertoire to
students with limited or no prior organ experience. As students become
comfortable with combining hands and feet, the class will address
topics such as organ repertoire, mechanics of the instrument, practical
applications (hymn playing in particular), touch, articulation, and
registration. Practice time is required and the student will need to obtain
organ shoes and purchase a textbook. The course may be repeated.
MUKO 101 Private Lessons: Organ I 1,2 Unit
MUKO 201 Private Lessons: Organ II 1,2 Unit
MUKO 301 Private Lessons: Organ III 1,2 Unit
MUKO 398 Junior Recital: Organ 1 Unit
MUKO 401 Private Lessons: Organ IV 1,2 Unit
MUKO 498 Senior Recital: Organ 1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUKP 100A   Piano Class I   1 Unit
This course will offer students basic keyboard playing skills and concepts
including the ability to read and play music by recognizing rhythms,
intervals, chords, scales, and other musical patterns. Students will
become familiar with the tools and terms of music and begin to read
music.
MUKP 100B   Piano Class II   1 Unit
This course will build upon the skills gained in MUKP 100A as students
continue to develop basic keyboard skills. Recommended: MUKP 100A or
equivalent keyboard experience.
MUKP 100C   Piano Class III   1 Unit
This course will build upon the skills gained in MUKP 100B as students
continue to develop basic keyboard skills. Recommended: MUKP 100B or
equivalent keyboard experience.
MUKP 101 Private Lessons: Piano I 1,2 Unit
MUKP 201 Private Lessons: Piano II 1,2 Unit
MUKP 211   Piano Competency   0 Units
Students in a music major must register for MUKP 211 the semester in
which they plan to take the examination. Class fee: $25.
MUKP 301 Private Lessons: Piano III 1,2 Unit
MUKP 398   Junior Recital: Piano   1 Unit
MUKP 401 Private Lessons: Piano IV 1,2 Unit
MUKP 498   Senior Recital: Piano   1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUPD 101 Private Lessons: Drum Set I 1,2 Unit
MUPD 201 Private Lessons: Drum Set II 1,2 Unit
MUPD 301 Private Lessons: Drum Set III 1,2 Unit
MUPD 398   Junior Recital: Drum Set   1 Unit
MUPD 401 Private Lessons: Drum Set IV 1,2 Unit
MUPD 498   Senior Recital: Drum Set   1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUPE 101 Private Lessons: Percussion-Concert I 1,2 Unit
MUPE 201 Private Lessons: Percussion-Concert II 1,2 Unit
MUPE 301 Private Lessons: Percussion-Concert III 1,2 Unit
MUPE 398 Junior Recital: Percussion-Concert 1 Unit
MUPE 401 Private Lessons: Percussion-Concert IV 1,2 Unit
MUPE 498 Senior Recital: Percussion-Concert 1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUVA 101 Private Lessons: Viola I 1,2 Unit
MUVA 201 Private Lessons: Viola II 1,2 Unit
MUVA 301 Private Lessons: Viola III 1,2 Unit
MUVA 398 Junior Recital: Viola 1 Unit
MUVA 401 Private Lessons: Viola IV 1,2 Unit
MUVA 498 Senior Recital: Viola 1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUVB 101 Private Lessons: Double Bass I 1,2 Unit
MUVB 201 Private Lessons: Double Bass II 1,2 Unit
MUVB 301 Private Lessons: Double Bass III 1,2 Unit
MUVB 398   Junior Recital: Double Bass   1 Unit
MUVB 401 Private Lessons: Double Bass IV 1,2 Unit
MUVB 498   Senior Recital: Double Bass   1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUVC 101 Private Lessons: Cello I 1,2 Unit
MUVC 201 Private Lessons: Cello II 1,2 Unit
MUVC 301 Private Lessons: Cello III 1,2 Unit
MUVC 398 Junior Recital: Cello 1 Unit
MUVC 401 Private Lessons: Cello IV 1,2 Unit
MUVC 498 Senior Recital: Cello 1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUVH 101 Private Lessons: Harp I 1,2 Unit
MUVH 201 Private Lessons: Harp II 1,2 Unit
MUVH 301 Private Lessons: Harp III 1,2 Unit
MUVH 398   Junior Recital: Harp   1 Unit
MUVH 401 Private Lessons: Harp IV 1,2 Unit
MUVH 498   Senior Recital: Harp   1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 125
MUVN 101 Private Lessons: Violin I 1,2 Unit
MUVN 201 Private Lessons: Violin II 1,2 Unit
MUVN 301 Private Lessons: Violin III 1,2 Unit
MUVN 398   Junior Recital: Violin   1 Unit
MUVN 401 Private Lessons: Violin IV 1,2 Unit
MUVN 498   Senior Recital: Violin   1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUVO 100 Voice Class 1 Unit
This interactive course will introduce students to fundamental aspects
of the singing process including alignment, breath support and
management, resonance, vowels and consonants, and interpretation and
performance techniques.
MUVO 101 Private Lessons: Voice I 1,2 Unit
MUVO 201 Private Lessons: Voice I 1,2 Unit
MUVO 301 Private Lessons: Voice III 1,2 Unit
MUVO 398 Junior Recital: Voice 1 Unit
MUVO 401 Private Lessons: Voice IV 1,2 Unit
MUVO 498 Senior Recital: Voice 1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUWB 101 Private Lessons: Bassoon I 1,2 Unit
MUWB 201 Private Lessons: Bassoon II 1,2 Unit
MUWB 301 Private Lessons: Bassoon III 1,2 Unit
MUWB 398   Junior Recital: Bassoon   1 Unit
MUWB 401 Private Lessons: Bassoon IV 1,2 Unit
MUWB 498   Senior Recital: Bassoon   1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUWC 101 Private Lessons: Clarinet I 1,2 Unit
MUWC 201 Private Lessons: Clarinet II 1,2 Unit
MUWC 301 Private Lessons: Clarinet III 1,2 Unit
MUWC 398   Junior Recital: Clarinet   1 Unit
MUWC 401 Private Lessons: Clarinet IV 1,2 Unit
MUWC 498   Senior Recital: Clarinet   1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUWF 101 Private Lessons: Flute I 1,2 Unit
MUWF 201 Private Lessons: Flute II 1,2 Unit
MUWF 301 Private Lessons: Flute III 1,2 Unit
MUWF 398   Junior Recital: Flute   1 Unit
MUWF 401 Private Lessons: Flute IV 1,2 Unit
MUWF 498   Senior Recital: Flute   1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUWO 101 Private Lessons: Oboe I 1,2 Unit
MUWO 201 Private Lessons: Oboe II 1,2 Unit
MUWO 301 Private Lessons: Oboe III 1,2 Unit
MUWO 398   Junior Recital: Oboe   1 Unit
MUWO 401 Private Lessons: Oboe IV 1,2 Unit
MUWO 498   Senior Recital: Oboe   1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
MUWS 101 Private Lessons: Saxophone I 1,2 Unit
MUWS 201 Private Lessons: Saxophone II 1,2 Unit
MUWS 301 Private Lessons: Saxophone III 1,2 Unit
MUWS 398 Junior Recital: Saxophone 1 Unit
MUWS 401 Private Lessons: Saxophone IV 1,2 Unit
MUWS 498 Senior Recital: Saxophone 1 Unit
Prerequisite: MUS 290.
Music: Ensemble (MUE)
Note:  Students taking more than 18 units in a semester may elect to take
music ensembles for zero (0) units. This option will allow students to fully
participate without incurring applicable overload tuition charges. In this
case, ensemble enrollment will be registered on student transcripts but no
graduation units or letter grade will be in effect, as the class will be graded on
a pass/no pass basis. Regardless of enrollment units, all ensemble students
must exhibit the same level of commitment, including music preparation and
prompt attendance at all rehearsals, performances, and scheduled activities.
MUE 234   The Concordia Choir   1 Unit
The Concordia Choir performs significant musical works of all eras for
major concerts and tours as well as campus chapel and area church
services and works on the development of advanced vocal techniques
and musical skills. Participation fee: $40. There may be an additional
charge for required field trips or tours. Audition required.
MUE 236   Concordia Master Chorale   1 Unit
The Concordia Master Chorale is an adult group of singers from both the
community and university, performing major choral works from all eras,
often with instrumental accompaniment. The Chorale normally presents
three programs per year. Audition required.
MUE 238   Concordia Donne Di Canto   1 Unit
This select women's choir performs choral music of all eras in concerts
and church services on and off campus and works on the development
of advanced vocal techniques and musical skills. Participation fee:
$40. There may be an additional charge for required field trips or tours.
Audition required.
MUE 239 Concordia Men’s Chorus 1 Unit
This select men's choir performs choral music of all eras in concerts and
church services both on and off campus and works on the development
of advanced vocal techniques and musical skills. Participation fee:
$40. There may be an additional charge for required field trips or tours.
Audition required.
MUE 240 Carillon Ringers (Elementary) 1 Unit
This is an introductory experience in handbell technique, note-reading,
and performance of elementary literature. Open to all students as space
permits; no handbell experience required.
MUE 241   Chapel Bells (Intermediate)   1 Unit
This course will provide experience in handbells for students with
some musical background and will include elementary to intermediate
repertoire leading to chapel performance and other special events along
with small- and full-ensemble ringing and instrument maintenance. All
interested students will be included in the ensemble. Interview required.
MUE 242   Spirit Bells   1 Unit
This course will focus on intermediate and advanced handbell techniques
for performing advanced literature in concerts, area churches, on campus,
and on tour. Previous handbell experience is expected. Participation fee:
$40. There may be an additional charge for required field trips or tour.
Audition required.
126 Music: Ensemble (MUE)
MUE 243 Concert Handbells 1 Unit
This course will focus on significant five and six-octave, level four to six,
handbell literature in concerts, on tours, and at campus events; mastery
of advanced techniques will be included. Participation fee: $40. There
may be an additional charge for required field trips or tour. Audition
required.
MUE 244 Handbell Quartet 0.5 Units
This quartet will provide an intensive experience in small-ensemble
handbell performance with possible off-campus travel. Membership is
selected from ringers in one of the touring handbell ensembles.
MUE 251   Concordia Wind Orchestra   1 Unit
An orchestra of woodwinds, brass, and percussion that performs
significant literature in concerts, tours, and worship services with an
emphasis on the development of advanced ensemble playing techniques,
musical perception, and music ministry. Participation fee: $40. There may
be an additional charge for required field trips or tour. Audition required.
MUE 252   String Ensemble   0.5 Units
A chamber music outreach ensemble that performs music for recitals
and worship services, or pedagogical ensemble to assist with musician
development. Audition required.
MUE 253   Concordia Brass   0.5 Units
A chamber music outreach ensemble that performs music for recitals
and worship services, or pedagogical ensemble to assist with musician
development. Audition required.
MUE 254 Woodwind Ensemble 0.5 Units
A chamber music outreach ensemble that performs music for recitals
and worship services, or pedagogical ensemble to assist with musician
development. Audition required.
MUE 255   Jazz Ensemble I   0.5 Units
This course will provide improvisation, performance, skills, and repertoire.
Students will have the opportunity to arrange and compose new works
for the ensemble. Audition required.
MUE 256 Percussion Ensemble 0.5 Units
This concert ensemble will prepare a recital each semester as well as
special performances. Audition required.
MUE 257   Concordia Jazz Orchestra   0.5 Units
This ensemble will perform significant jazz literature for saxophones,
trumpets, trombones and rhythm instruments in concerts and events
on and off campus emphasizing the development of advanced playing
techniques, musical perception, and improvisation. Audition required.
MUE 258   Flute Ensemble   0.5 Units
This chamber music outreach ensemble will perform music for recitals
and worship services or pedagogical ensemble to assist with musician
development. Audition required.
MUE 259   Concordia Symphony Orchestra   1 Unit
A full orchestra of woodwind, brass, string, and percussion instruments
that performs the great works composed for symphony orchestra, new
music, and church music. This advanced ensemble of students from
many different majors performs major public concerts, striving for the
highest level of artistry. Fees for field trips and tours may be required.
Participation fee: $40. Audition required.
MUE 260   Piano Ensemble   0.5 Units
This is a performance laboratory that explores and develops repertoire
for 4 or more hands on both one piano and two pianos, with a focus on
providing ensemble opportunity to students through a variety of musical
styles and their interpretation. The course is open to all students with
the permission of the instructor. Students will improve rehearsal skills,
develop stronger musicianship, and improve interpretive skills.
MUE 262   Chamber Music Ensemble   0.5 Units
Chamber Music Ensemble is designed to give singers and
instrumentalists an introduction to working in chamber music settings
which can include duos, trios, and quartets. It is a hands-on laboratory
that will include meetings as a group with the instructor to discuss topics
related to the field of chamber music as well as individual and group
coaching sessions, and performances. Participants will be assigned
musical partners to work with throughout the semester and will be
expected to practice assigned music on their own and with their partners
outside of class.
MUE 271   Americana Ensemble   0.5 Units
Americana Ensemble students learn and perform musical repertoire
from the American folk and roots traditions. Topics of instruction include
the use of chord and lead sheet notations, basic arranging concepts,
improvisation, stylistically-appropriate soloing and accompaniment, and
ensemble performance techniques. Audition required.
MUE 282 Worship Band I 0.5 Units
Concordia Worship Bands lead the music in their assigned chapel or
worship service as supervised by the Campus Pastor. The Worship Band
will execute a variety of repertoire ranging from new arrangements
of traditional hymns to current worship songs. Strong rehearsal and
preparation practices are emphasized as well as effective collaboration.
Audition required.
MUE 283 Worship Band II 0.5 Units
Concordia Worship Bands lead the music in their assigned chapel or
worship service as supervised by the Campus Pastor. The Worship Band
will execute a variety of repertoire ranging from new arrangements
of traditional hymns to current worship songs. Strong rehearsal and
preparation practices are emphasized as well as effective collaboration.
Audition required.
MUE 284   Guitar Ensemble   0.5 Units
This ensemble is made up of select guitar students for special
performances on and off campus There may be an additional charge for
required field trips or tours. Membership is by invitation from the guitar
studio.
MUE 285   Commercial Music Ensemble I   0.5 Units
The commercial music ensemble is a lab ensemble designed to
familiarize the student with idiomatic characteristics and repertoire
common to commercial music styles such as pop, rock, country, folk and
gospel. Audition required.
MUE 286   Commercial Music Ensemble II   0.5 Units
The Commercial Music Ensemble explores definitive popular music
repertoire from the 1960’s through present day. This performing ensemble
rehearses in a lab setting where students learn key genre­-specific
melodic, harmonic, and rhythmic concepts. Audition required.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 127
MUE 287 Worship Band III 0.5 Units
Concordia Worship Bands lead the music in their assigned chapel or
worship service as supervised by the Campus Pastor. The Worship Band
will execute a variety of repertoire ranging from new arrangements
of traditional hymns to current worship songs. Strong rehearsal and
preparation practices are emphasized as well as effective collaboration.
Audition required.
MUE 288 Worship Band IV 0.5 Units
Concordia Worship Bands lead the music in their assigned chapel or
worship service as supervised by the Campus Pastor. The Worship Band
will execute a variety of repertoire ranging from new arrangements
of traditional hymns to current worship songs. Strong rehearsal and
preparation practices are emphasized as well as effective collaboration.
Audition required.
MUE 289 Worship Band V 0.5 Units
Concordia Worship Bands lead the music in their assigned chapel or
worship service as supervised by the Campus Pastor. The Worship Band
will execute a variety of repertoire ranging from new arrangements
of traditional hymns to current worship songs. Strong rehearsal and
preparation practices are emphasized as well as effective collaboration.
Audition required.
MUE 290 Vocal Pop Ensemble 0.5 Units
An introduction to singing in a contemporary pop group. Students will
explore definitive popular music repertoire from the 1960’s through
present day and embrace best practices for effective preparation,
rehearsals and collaboration. The Vocal Pop Ensemble performs in
support of other ensembles in addition to performing their own repertoire.
Audition required.
Philosophy (PHI)
PHI 211   Philosophical Ethics   3 Units
An introductory course to philosophy through the examination of major
traditions of ethical reflection in the history of philosophy such as
Socrates, Plato, Aristotle, Kant, and Mill.
PHI 433   Philosophy of Religion   3 Units
An introductory course to the issues of the philosophy of religion
including epistemological method, the classical proofs for God's
existence, determinism, free will, religious experience, faith and reason,
and the problem of evil. Prerequisites: (CTHL 101 or CTHL 200) and
(CPHI 101 or CPHI 200) or consent of instructor.
PHI 439   Analytic Philosophy   3 Units
This course will introduce contemporary Western philosophy including
19th century background, the “early” and “later” Wittgenstein, G.E.
Moore, B. Russell, and the “ordinary language” movement. References to
Christian respondents to the practitioners of this style of philosophy will
also be examined. Prerequisite: CPHI 101 or CPHI 200 or PHI 211.
PHI 467   Bioethics and Healthcare Professions   3 Units
This course will examine the ethical issues raised by modern advances
in health care and biological research. Attention will be given to
the language of bioethics, important philosophical and theological
approaches, and socio-cultural implications. Special foci may include
clinical nursing ethics, business ethics in a healthcare context, or other
topics as appropriate. Prerequisite: CTHL 101 or CTHL 200 or THL 202 or
NTHL 101 or NTHL 202.
PHI 491 Special Topics 3 Units
This seminar course will focus on philosophical topics which will vary
with each offering.
Physics (PHY)
PHY 211   Physics I   4 Units
This introductory course will emphasize classical mechanics, wave
motion, and thermodynamics. Lab time is included in the schedule. A lab
fee is required. Prerequisite: Consent of division chair.
PHY 212   Physics II   4 Units
As a continuation of PHY 211, this course will emphasize electricity,
magnetism, light, optics, and modern physics. Lab time is included in the
schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: C- or better in PHY 211.
PHY 221   Calculus-based Physics I   4 Units
This course will study Newtonian mechanics: vectors and scalars,
kinematics and dynamics of translational and rotational motion,
Newton's laws, speed, velocity, acceleration, force, torque, work, energy,
linear and angular momentum, wave and harmonic motion, gravitation,
friction, conservation of energy and momentum, thermodynamics. Lab
fee: $50. Prerequisite: MTH 271 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or
consent of instructor.
PHY 222   Calculus-based Physics II   4 Units
As a continuation of PHY 221, this course will cover thermodynamics,
Maxwell's equations of electricity and magnetism, current, voltage,
resistance, inductance, reactance, power, optics and optical systems,
interference, diffraction, polarization, dispersion, and coherence. Lab time
is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisites: C- or better in
PHY 221 and MTH 272 (concurrent enrollment allowed) or consent of
instructor.
PHY 231   Astronomy I   4 Units
This course will provide a comprehensive introduction to planetary
astronomy with a brief exposure to stellar astronomy including the solar
system, sun, planets, moons, asteroids, comets, meteors, meteorites,
stars, galaxies, origins of the universe, telescopes, spectra, and space
exploration.
PHY 232   Astronomy II   4 Units
This course will provide a comprehensive introduction to stellar
astronomy and cosmology including star and galaxy formation, origins
of the universe, black holes, dark matter, and dark energy. Lab time is
included in the schedule.
PHY 311   Modern Physics   4 Units
This course will provide a rigorous introduction to the relationship
between relativity, quantum mechanics, molecular, atomic, and nuclear
physics, and cosmology. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee:
$50. Prerequisite: C- or better in PHY 221 or consent of instructor.
PHY 315   Electronics I: Analog Electronics   3 Units
This hands-on course will focus on the design, fabrication, and testing of
analog electronic circuits, circuit components, and devices with special
emphasis on the use of electronic test equipment. Lab time is included
in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: C- or better in PHY 221 or
consent of instructor.
PHY 316   Electronics II: Digital Electronics   3 Units
This hands-on course will focus on the design, fabrication, and testing of
digital electronic circuits, circuit components, and devices with special
emphasis on programming and computer control of digital circuits and
devices. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisites:
C- or better in PHY 221 and PHY 315 or consent of instructor.
128 Political Science (POL)
PHY 325 Scientific Equipment Design and Fabrication 3 Units
This hands-on course will focus on the design of scientific equipment,
the use of scientific glassblowing, and machine shop tools, particularly
the lathe and the knee-type mill, to fabricate, repair, and modify scientific
equipment; also included will be a comprehensive introduction to
vacuum technology. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50.
Prerequisite: C- or better in PHY 221 or consent of instructor.
PHY 350   Mechanics   3 Units
This course will cover advanced formulations of Newton's laws of motion,
conservation laws, Hamilton's and Lagrange's equations, least action
principle, conservative and dissipative systems, domain of applicability,
and limitations of classical mechanics. Prerequisite: C- or better in
PHY 311 or consent of instructor.
PHY 420   Quantum Mechanics   4 Units
This course will address key concepts and methods in quantum physics
with special emphasis on setting up, solving, and approximating
solutions of the Schrodinger equation by perturbational or variational
methods, and describing spectroscopy in terms of transitions between
quantum states. Lab time is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50.
Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: C- or better in PHY 425 or consent of
instructor.
PHY 425   Thermodynamics   4 Units
This course will address key concepts in thermodynamics including the
0th, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd laws, Maxwell’s equations of thermodynamics, heat
capacities, state functions, heat, work, heat engines, thermodynamic
cycles, and an introduction to statistical thermodynamics. Lab time
is included in the schedule. Lab fee: $50. Offered alternate years.
Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 and MTH 272 and MTH 373
(concurrent enrollment allowed) and (PHY 211 or PHY 221) or consent of
instructor.
PHY 435 Solid State Physics and Chemistry 3 Units
This course will provide a comprehensive overview of the fundamental
concepts of the structure, bonding, and chemical/physical properties of
solid systems: metals, semiconductors, superconductors, insulators, and
glasses. Prerequisites: C- or better in CHE 222 and PHY 311 or consent of
the instructor.
PHY 496   Research in Physics   0.5-2 Units
As a hands-on introduction to physics research, this course will
emphasize research process, skills, and methods including laboratory
and library research, peer-reviewed physics abstracts and journals,
electronic chemical databases, professional journal manuscript style
guides, and statistical analysis used in writing research manuscripts and
making research presentations. Lab time is included in the schedule.
Lab fee: $50. Course may be taken for a range of units (0.5-2 units per
semester). Prerequisite: SCI 495.
PHY 499   Senior Thesis   1 Unit
This course will be a culmination of original student-conducted scientific
research resulting in a paper and presentation. Prerequisites: C- or better
in PHY 496 and SCI 495; restricted to seniors.
Political Science (POL)
POL 211 American Government 3 Units
The theories of government basic to an understanding of the American
Constitution; political parties in the American system; history, character
and functions of government in the United States.
POL 240 Race and Politics in America 3 Units
An examination of the dynamics of race relations in modern America.
While the course begins in post-Civil War America and continues to the
present, it highlights the dramatic events of the Civil Rights Movement of
the 1950s and 1960s, analyzing the role of ordinary individuals as well as
those in various positions of government. Cross-listed with HST 240.
POL 304   Grand Strategy   3 Units
This course will explore the aspect of statecraft in international relations
known as “grand strategy” from a theoretical and historical perspective.
This course traces how statesmen have or have not marshalled and
coordinated the political, diplomatic, military, material, cultural, and moral
resources available to a state, to achieve, or fail to achieve long-term
objectives in the international environment during war and peace.
POL 320   Strategic Thought   3 Units
This course is a reading-intensive overview of the development of military
thought. The readings will cover works of major thinkers in military
strategy such as Carl von Clausewitz, A.T. Mahan, and B. H. Liddell Hart.
Students will explore the theoretical and applicable dimensions of the
concept of strategy, while understanding the development of ideas in
their historical context. Cross listed with HST 320.
POL 321 Political Thought I: Ancient to Early Modern 3 Units
This course will analyze the nuances and trace the development of
Western political thought from classical Greece to 17th century northern
Europe with attention given to the questions facing every generation
concerning the nature of political association and the good society.
Students will become familiar with each major political thinker, the
context in which they wrote, and influence upon the history of ideas.
POL 322 Political Thought II: The Enlightenment 3 Units
This course will analyze the nuances and trace the development of
Western political thought from the early Enlightenment (17th century) to
the present with attention given to the questions facing every generation
concerning the nature of political association and the good society.
Students will become familiar with each major political thinker, the
context in which they wrote, and their influence upon the history of ideas.
POL 333 Eastern Political Thought 3 Units
An exploration of East Asian political philosophy, focussing on, but not
limited to ancient Chinese classical thinkers such as Confucius, Lao Tzu,
Mozi, Mencius, Zhuangzi and Sun Tzu, and with more recent Japanese
traditions, such as the Kyoto School of Nishida Kitarô.
POL 341   Early Modern England   3 Units
This course will present a thematic study of English culture and life from
the reign of King Henry VIII through the war for American Independence
with attention being paid to culture, governance, and factors that led to
the expansion of the British Empire and the conflicts in North America.
Offered alternate years.
POL 390 Practicum: Political Science 3 Units
A practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom directly related
to the student's major, minor or professional program that is a beneficial
complement to the student's academic experience.
POL 412   The U.S. Constitution   3 Units
This course will look at the origins of the American political system from
the end of the Seven Years' War through the Louisiana Purchase and
Marbury vs. Madison, focusing on government under the Articles of
Confederation, the Constitutional Convention, ratification controversies,
the first political party system, and Jeffersonian vs. Hamiltonian
approaches to government. Offered alternate years. Cross listed with
HST 412.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 129
POL 413 Religion and Politics in America 3 Units
The role of religion in American public life will be examined in this
course with an emphasis on the interpretation and impact of the First
Amendment and the concept of "separation of church and state" on
religious and political life in the United States. Offered alternate years.
POL 414 The Courts and the Constitution 3 Units
The development of judicial interpretation of the U.S. Constitution from
1789 to the present will be examined in this course with an emphasis on
the political, social, cultural, and economic context for key Supreme Court
decisions. The case study method will be used to introduce students to
legal reasoning, including controversial court decisions involving race,
religion, gender, and limits of government authority.
POL 490 Internship: Political Thought 1-8 Units
This course is an intense part- or full-time practical experience outside
the classroom that is an integral part of a professional program and
contributes significantly to the preparation of a student for entrance into
a profession. Approximately forty (40) contact hours are required for each
unit of credit. Each department may limited the maximum number of
internship credit. Offered alternate years.
President's Academic Showcase (PAS)
PAS 398 Tier II President's Academic Showcase 3 Units
This course is for students who wish to earn credit for their Tier II
President's Academic Showcase project. The course can be taken for 1-3
units. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.
PAS 498 Tier I President's Academic Showcase 3 Units
This course is for students who wish to earn credit for their Tier I
President's Academic Showcase project. The course can be taken for 1-3
units. Offered as a Pass/No Pass course.
Psychology (PSY)
PSY 101 Introduction to Psychology 3 Units
Concepts and principles pertinent to psychological processes of social
behavior, development, motivation, sensation, perception, cognition
and memory, learning, personality, psychological disorders and their
treatment, as well as the biological perspective will be examined in this
course.
PSY 202   Human Sexuality   3 Units
This survey course will look at the topic of human sexuality with
a foundation in Christian ethics guiding sexual conduct and the
development of sexual behavior including gender identity, sexual
orientation, sexual anatomy, contraception, reproduction and birthing,
sexually transmitted diseases, sexual dysfunctions, and the paraphilias.
PSY 261   Chemical Dependency and Addiction   3 Units
This introductory course to the addictive behavior connected with
alcoholism and drug use will teach students to understand the biological
and psychological processes of addiction and the use of various
interventive strategies in treatment.
PSY 301 Topics in Psychology 3 Units
Through individual and group study of selected topics bringing together
perspectives of anthropology, psychology, and sociology, this capstone
course will emphasize the student's major in synthesis with other majors
in the behavioral sciences. Prerequisites: Second-semester junior or
senior standing and (BSC 265 or MTH 265) and BSC 296.
PSY 313 Developmental Psychology: Childhood 3 Units
The development of physiological and psychological aspects of human
growth will be traced from birth through childhood in this course
through an examination of the theories and research evidence as well
as methodological problems as they relate to the growth process.
Prerequisite: Sophomore standing or above.
PSY 314 Developmental Psychology: Adolescence 3 Units
This course will study human development during the adolescent
period with an emphasis on an examination of theories and research
data as they relate to adolescent development including problems and
adjustment patterns in the context of the family, peer groups, school, and
society.
PSY 315 Developmental Psychology: Adulthood and Aging 3 Units
This introductory course to the major psychological and developmental
issues concerning adulthood, aging, and the aging process; will examine
the issues associated with the physical, psychological, cultural, and
social aspects of aging; give students a better understanding of the grief
process as it relates to the issues of adulthood and aging; and dispel
many of the myths and stereotypes about aging. Offered alternate years.
PSY 320 Developmental Psychology: Lifespan 3 Units
This course will focus on the development and change through the
human life-span including childhood, adolescence, adulthood, and aging.
Physical, social, communicative, emotional, and cognitive issues will
be covered along with the expected milestones during each phase of
development while looking at each individual's unique and multifaceted
physiological, psychological, sociological, and spiritual dimensions.
PSY 331 Marriage and the Family 3 Units
Using a Christian approach to marriage, this course will study the family
and its intimate environment including a discussion of courtship and role
relationships within the family as a social institution. An emphasis will be
placed on the changing nature of the family, family problems, and family
strengths.
PSY 340 Introduction to Biopsychology 3 Units
This introductory course to the biological basis of behavior will include
topics on the structure and function of the nervous system, brainbehavior relationships, and hormonal and genetic effects on behavior.
Prerequisites: PSY 101; limited to psychology and behavioral science
majors or consent of instructor.
PSY 345 Social Psychology 3 Units
The effect of social influences upon the development of personality and
behavior patterns will be examined in this course including socialization,
attitude formation and change, communication, propaganda, roles and
stereotypes, leadership, and collective behavior.
PSY 351 Personality Theory 3 Units
This course will study personality through the examination of the
psychological systems which determine an individuals unique
adjustments to their environment including the major issues and the
variety of personality theories and underlying research. (Alternate
prerequisite for all upper-level psychology courses.)
PSY 361 Abnormal Psychology 3 Units
This introductory course will look at the symptoms, causes, treatment,
and prevention of psychopathology including topics in anxiety,
personality, and psychophysiological disorders; psychoses; addictions;
sexual deviations; and organic disorders. Prerequisite: PSY 101 or
equivalent or consent of instructor.
130 Religion (REL)
PSY 371   Cognition   3 Units
This theoretical and research-based course will investigate the mental
processes that underlie perception, imagery, attention, memory, language,
reading, reasoning, decision making, and problem solving.
PSY 381 Advanced Research Methods I 3 Units
In this course students will conduct original, empirical, and/or literature
review-only research under the direct supervision of and/or collaboration
with an assigned faculty member with the express intent of having
the resulting manuscript published in a reputable psychological outlet
(e.g. professional journals, monographs, book chapters, etc.) and
presentation at a professional conference. Prerequisites: Research
methods and statistics courses, junior or senior standing, expressed
interest in applying to graduate school in psychology or kindred fields,
commitment to a year-long sequence of PSY 381 and PSY 382, and
consent of instructor.
PSY 382 Advanced Research Methods II 3 Units
A continuation of PSY 381. Prerequisite: PSY 381.
PSY 390 Practicum: Psychology 1-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom
directly related to the student's major, minor or professional program that
is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience.
PSY 403 Health Psychology 3 Units
Unlike traditional models and schools of thought that see diseases solely
as malfunctions of organs or breakdowns of body systems, this course
will present the approach that health and illness are parts of a complex
interplay among biological, psychological, and social factors.
PSY 441 Clinical and Forensic Psychology 3 Units
This course will cover clinical psychology's history and current
professional issues, psychological assessment, training, and ethical
issues with an emphasis on the role of the psychologist as an expert
witness in court. Prerequisite: PSY 361 or equivalent or consent of
instructor.
PSY 466   Principles of Counseling   3 Units
This foundation course will provide an understanding of the content and
process of counseling including basic skills, legal and ethical issues,
crisis intervention, cultural sensitivity, how and when to refer, controlmastery theory, and the integration of psychology and theology.
PSY 490 Internship: Psychology 1-8 Units
This course is an intense, practical, full- or part-time experience outside
the classroom that is an integral part of a professional program,
contributing significantly to the student's preparation for entrance into
a profession. Approximately forty (40) contact hours are required for
each unit of credit. Each department may limit the maximum number of
internship credit.
Religion (REL)
REL 321 World Religions 3 Units
This survey course of the world's major non-Christian religions will
include motifs, belief patterns, ritual and worship, ethics, social patterns,
origin and development, and sacred writings.
REL 375   The American Religious Landscape   3 Units
This course examines the history and core teachings of various
religious bodies in the United States, paying special attention to the
denominations within American Christianity. The class will not only
address the major doctrinal distinctions between the groups but also
pursue how and where American culture has shaped each system. Much
of the semester will be dedicated to putting these traditions in dialogue
with Lutheran theology. The course will conclude with a brief overview of
some major non-Christian traditions and their impact on religious life in
America. Prerequisite: CTHL 101 or CTHL 200.
Science (SCI)
SCI 115   Physical Science   4 Units
Integrated, interdisciplinary introduction to chemistry, central science,
and physics, the fundamental science, emphasizing key concepts,
significant chemical and physical phenomena and practical applications
together with a brief introduction to the historical, philosophical,
epistemological and theological underpinnings of chemistry and physics
in current Christian apologetic context. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite:
CMTH 101 or MTH 201 or higher (concurrent enrollment allowed).
SCI 118   Physical Oceanography   4 Units
This course will provide an introduction to the physical sciences in the
context of physical oceanography along with the basic concepts of
physics and chemistry including properties of water, ocean currents, heat
budget, nutrient cycling, ocean-atmosphere interaction, El Ni#o-Southern
Oscillation, oceanic waves, and tidal cycles. Lab time is included in the
schedule along with field trips during lab time and up to two (2) weekend
field trips. This course fulfills Q&I general education. Offered alternate
years (odd years, fall semester).
SCI 211   Geology   3 Units
This course will present a study of the origin and composition
of rocks and minerals; landscape development by water, ice, and
wind; earthquakes; the earth's interior; the nature of mountains and
their development; the drift of continental and oceanic plates; and
environmental aspects of geology. One to two (1-2) weekend field trips
may be required. Lab time is included in the schedule. Offered alternate
years.
SCI 301 Earth Science 3 Units
This is an introductory course to the position, motion, and properties of
the solar system and cosmos including a survey of spatial concepts of
the earth's crust, materials, structure, and the effects on the land forms,
soil, vegetation, and natural resources. An overview of the atmosphere,
its composition, and the processes that makes the earth's surface so
dynamic will be included. Prerequisites: (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101)
and (CHE 101 or CHE 221 or SCI 115).
SCI 318   Ocean Science   4 Units
This course will provide an interdisciplinary introduction to biological,
physical, and chemical ocean processes, as well as the human activities
that influence the presence, distribution, form, and function of marine
life across a variety of marine habitats. Traditional lectures, peer-led and
problem-based learning, and lab time will be included. Field trips during
lab time should be expected, as well as up to two (2) weekend field trips.
A lab fee is required. Prerequisites: (BIO 101 or BIO 111 or CBIO 101) and
(CHE 101 or SCI 115) or consent of instructor. Typically offered alternate
years (even years, spring semester).
SCI 390   Practicum: Science   1-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom
directly related to the student's major, minor or professional program that
is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 131
SCI 455 History and Philosophy of Science 3 Units
This course will introduce the philosophic nature of science with a
literary review of philosophic issues associated with the epistemological
and historical development of science starting with ancient Greece
through today. Typically offered every spring semester. Cross listed with
HST 455. Prerequisites: Junior or Senior standing; CBIO 101 or consent of
instructor.
SCI 490   Internship: Science   1-6 Units
SCI 495   Research Methods   1 Unit
This course will introduce basic techniques in laboratory research,
experimental design, library databases, review of peer-reviewed literature,
and quantitative and qualitative analyses. Students will compose a
research proposal intended to guide future original student-conducted
research. Interdisciplinary topics are included. Prerequisite: Sixteen (16)
units of major courses or consent of instructor. Typically offered each
semester.
Sociology (SOC)
SOC 101   Introduction to Sociology   3 Units
This course will analyze the topics of socialization; social interaction,
relationships, deviance, control, institutions, processes, and change;
family and educational problems; child abuse; crime and delinquency;
and drug, alcohol, and tobacco abuse.
SOC 229 Crime, Deviance and Social Control 3 Units
This introductory course to the scientific study of crime as a social
phenomenon focus on how crime in our society is related to the collective
aspects of human life.
SOC 316   Ethnic and Minority Relations   3 Units
This course will analyze ethnicity in contemporary urban society
including the relationship between sub-cultural communities and the
larger society; examining the factors and processes in the formation
of minority groups; and looking at strategies for changing dominantminority patterns.
SOC 320   Social Stratification   3 Units
This course will introduce the sources, functions, and dynamics of the
unequal distribution of wealth, power, knowledge, and prestige in an
historical, comparative perspective.
SOC 321   Social Problems   3 Units
As an introduction to the major problems in contemporary America,
this course will focus on the causes, theoretical explanations, and
social policy solutions including economic, political, urbanization,
environmental, family and educational problems; child abuse; social
deviance; crime; delinquency; and drug, alcohol, and tobacco abuse.
SOC 322 Social Movements and Collective Action 3 Units
This course will analyze the role of social movements and collective
action in society by examining each as a key component in
understanding how, why, and when change takes place in society, as well
as who participates in this change and with what effectiveness. Cross
listed with HST 322.
SOC 325 Women and Gender Issues 3 Units
This course will offer a multidisciplinary perspective to understanding
women's roles along with an analysis of the status of women in Western
society from a cross-cultural perspective including gender stereotypes,
the theories of male domination, male-female relationships, women's
liberation, and the role of women in the church.
SOC 332 Child, Family and Community 3 Units
With an overview of the socialization process involving the young child in
the larger cultural setting, this course will focus on social institutions as
social agents including the family, school, peer groups, mass media, and
community structures. Prerequisite: Sophomore standing or above.
SOC 355   Social Gerontology   3 Units
This course will look at aging from a sociological perspective with
attention given to current research, problems faced by the elderly, the
impact of an increasingly aging population on society, and the resulting
implications for policy and social intervention. Offered alternate years.
SOC 365   Sociology of Globalization   3 Units
This course will investigate globalization and its impact on the political,
social, and cultural arrangements around the world. Students will
investigate the various definitions and interpretations of globalization;
analyze how globalization is experienced in different countries; and
examine the various reactions to globalization - both for and against.
SOC 390   Practicum: Sociology   1-4 Units
A practical experience outside the classroom this is directly related to
the student's major, minor or professional program. It typically involves
"hands-on" experience that is a beneficial complement to the student's
academic experience.
SOC 461 Social Theory 3 Units
This course will examine selected social theories and theorists and
the history and development of social theory including the following:
the formulation and evaluation of social theories such as social
systems, evolutionary, formal, phenomenological, symbolic interaction,
social action, and exchange theories; sociology of knowledge; and
functionalism. Offered alternate years.
SOC 490   Internship: Sociology   1-8 Units
Spanish (SPA)
SPA 101 Spanish I 4 Units
Through a natural approach to Spanish this course, which will be taught
in Spanish, is for students who have had no or less than two (2) years of
high school instruction and will emphasize speaking, listening, reading,
and writing.
SPA 102 Spanish II 4 Units
A continuation of SPA 101. Fulfills foreign language requirement.
Prerequisite: SPA 101 or two (2) years of high school Spanish.
SPA 201 Intermediate Spanish I 3 Units
This course will provide a systematic review of grammar including
readings that will provide an introduction to Spanish culture and
literature. Prerequisite: SPA 102 or equivalent.
SPA 202 Intermediate Spanish II 3 Units
A continuation of SPA 201. Prerequisite: SPA 201 or equivalent.
SPA 301 Advanced Conversation 3,4 Units
This course will help students develop an increased mastery of the
spoken language through extensive text and periodical readings with an
emphasis on small-group discussion. Prerequisite: SPA 202 or equivalent.
SPA 302 Advanced Grammar/Reading 3 Units
Through extensive reading of Spanish writings, this course will review
grammatical principles and require regular composition work based on
these readings. Prerequisite: SPA 202 or equivalent.
132 Sports Business (SPBU)
SPA 315 Survey of Spanish and Latin American Literature 3 Units
This course is a survey of short works by recognized Hispanic authors
from Latin America and Spain, which reflect the diversity of literature and
cultures of the Spanish speaking countries. The readings will be used to
apply concepts of literary criticism and theory. Classes will be conducted
in Spanish.
SPA 390 Practicum: Spanish 1-4 Units
SPA 495 Spanish Capstone 3 Units
This course provides advanced Spanish language training in areas such
as translation, business, medical purposes, teaching, and other vocations
culminating in a semester-long project. Prerequisite: SPA 302.
Sports Business (SPBU)
SPBU 222 Introduction to Sport Management 3 Units
This course will provide knowledge about the broad field of sport
management and the elements of managing people, operations, finance,
and the work environment in a variety of sport settings. Insight into
strategies for professional preparation and career opportunities will
also be discussed. Special topics to be covered in the course include
public relations, marketing, legal issues, interviewing, leadership, effective
communication, sport ethics, and perspectives on international sports.
SPBU 323 Sport Marketing and Sponsorship 3 Units
This course will study the multidimensional aspects of marketing
principles in the sport industry. Topics to be covered will study the
multiple facets that need to be considered in sport marketing, such as;
marketing mix, branding, licensing agreements, use of social media, event
promotion, segmentation, endorsements, and corporate partnerships.
These marketing skills will be combined as the student develops a
comprehensive marketing campaign. Prerequisite: SPBU 222.
SPBU 326 Sport Operations and Facility Management 3 Units
This course will focus on sport facility and event management. Topics
will include new arenas and stadiums, health clubs, collegiate athletic
facilities, and city outdoor and indoor recreation centers. This class will
cover numerous aspects of facilities that include construction sites,
hosting events, facility marketing, naming rights, concession concerns,
ADA requirements, heating, AC, green facilities, and economic impact
studies. Students will be required to develop their own plans for specific
sport facilities and events. Prerequisite: SPBU 222.
SPBU 350 Sport Law 3 Units
This course provides and in-depth study and analysis of legal principles
specifically related to sport business. It will include aspects of ethical
issues, salary cap, antitrust exemption, labor laws, free agency, sport
gambling, athlete/agent representation, collective bargaining, broadcast
rights, risk management, areas of negligence, intellectual property rights,
discrimination, Title IX, ADA, and collegiate sport laws. A key instruction
tool in the class will be recent Sport Law Case Studies.
SPBU 420 Finance and Economics of Sports 3 Units
This course will examine the factors and ramifications of financial issues
on sport organizations and events. This will include the analysis of
financial statements, financial resource management, short and long
term budgeting and forecasting, investment strategies, stadium/arena
financing, and grant acquisition. Additional focus will be applied to
analyzing and evaluating the impact different sport industries have
on local, regional and global economies. Prerequisites: FIN 331 and
SPBU 222.
SPBU 430 Sports Business Leadership 3 Units
This course will provide the students the opportunity to demonstrate
the knowledge and skills they have attained throughout the Sport
Management Program. There will be an emphasis placed on Christian
ethical leadership needed in the sport industry. Activities in the class will
provide opportunities for each student to investigate what influence their
sport management leadership skills will have on sport organizations at
any level. Prerequisite: SPBU 222.
SPBU 475 Sport Management Strategy 3 Units
This class serves as the capstone course for a business degree and
related Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs) requiring a compilation
and demonstration of mastery of the tools, skill sets and knowledge
introduced throughout business program core and emphasis courses.
Students will create a signature assignment requiring developing
strategic courses of action for a business. Business Exam fee: $40.
Prerequisites: Business Major with Senior Standing and FIN 331 and
MGT 321 and MKT 341.
SPBU 490A Professional Development and Internship 1-2 Units
The Concordia School of Business and Economics Internship facilitates
a student’s transition from academic theory to real-life business
practices and builds professional networks. An internship related
to a student’s academic major helps clarify goals, adds value to the
Concordia academic experience and opens doors to future employment.
The course provides practice in the development of a personal brand
as well as skills needed in the pursuit of an internship and eventual
employment followed by an off-site internship. Students meet with their
internship director before beginning the off-site internship for advice
and placement approval. Periodic student reports and written feedback
from the sponsoring business are required and must demonstrate the
skill acquired during the internship. Students must take a minimum
cumulative total of two (2) units earned in one (1) unit credit hours.
Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisites: Sports Business Major
with Junior or Senior standing and MGT 321 and BUS 224.
SPBU 490B Professional Development and Internship Elective 1 Unit
The Concordia School of Business and Economics Internship facilitates
a student’s transition from academic theory to real-life business
practices and builds professional networks. An internship related
to a student’s academic major helps clarify goals, adds value to the
Concordia academic experience and opens doors to future employment.
The course provides practice in the development of a personal brand
as well as skills needed in the pursuit of an internship and eventual
employment followed by an off-site internship. Students meet with their
internship director before beginning the off-site internship for advice
and placement approval. Periodic student reports and written feedback
from the sponsoring business are required and must demonstrate the
skill acquired during the internship. This course provides additional
experience beyond the two (2) unit program cumulative internship
minimum as students may take one (1) additional unit of internship.
Offered as a Pass/No Pass course. Prerequisites: Sports Business Major
with Junior or Senior standing and MGT 321 and BUS 224.
Theatre (THR)
NOTE: Students taking more than 18 units in a semester may elect to take
THR 102 for zero (0) units. This option will allow students to fully participate
without incurring applicable overload tuition charges. In this case, THR 102
enrollment will be registered on student transcripts but no graduation units
or letter grade will be in effect, as the class will be graded on a pass/no pass
basis. Regardless of enrollment units, all THR 102 students must exhibit
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 133
the same level of commitment to attending all scheduled shop hours and to
accomplishing all course learning outcomes.
THR 100   Audition Requirement   0 Units
Students in the acting and directing emphasis must audition at
least once per academic year, and be willing/available to do the show
if cast.  (Auditioning does not guarantee casting).  After each audition
students are required to meet with full time theatre faculty present at the
audition to get feedback. Students must complete the audition process
and feedback session to get credit for that audition. An updated list
will be published at the end of each semester detailing auditions and
feedback sessions completed. In the semester when students expect to
graduate, they should enroll in THR 100 for pass/no pass certification.
Students who fail to complete this requirement will not be approved for
graduation with a theater major: acting and directing emphasis.
THR 102   Applied Stagecraft   0.5 Units
This is a hands-on course covering varying tasks in regard to theatrical
scenery, lighting, audio, costuming, and paint. This course is required for
all students involved in Concordia University Irvine productions (including
the cast). As each production is different and provides unique, specific
challenges, the content will vary based on the production associated with
the course. The course is repeatable.
THR 111   Experiences in Theatre   3 Units
This activity-oriented course is designed to acquaint students with the
ephemeral and experiential nature of the theatre including play-going,
play-making (i.e., scene work), rudimentary play analysis, discussion and
attendance of on-campus productions.
THR 200   Stagecraft   3 Units
Through hands-on experiences this course will introduce the practical
application of theatrical design principles including techniques and
practices of technical organization, set construction, lighting preparation,
costume construction, makeup application, and sound preparation. Lab
fee: $50.
THR 210   Introduction to Theatrical Design   3 Units
As an introduction to the theories and principles of theatrical design, this
course will emphasize the holistic and scenographic approach, while
exploring set, lighting, costume, makeup, and sound design with director/
designer collaboration. Lab fee: $50.
THR 241 Voice and Movement for the Actor 3 Units
This course will provide intensive training in the integral use of the
voice and body for the actor through the development of tools for
communicating character and subtext including vocal and physical
relaxation, flexibility, and strength and is intended for students who plan
to pursue further study in acting.
THR 251   Introduction to Theatre   3 Units
This course will provide an overview of the various conventions, forms,
styles, and genres of the theatre, including principles of play analysis and
exploration of theatre criticism from dramaturgical, literary, and cultural
perspectives through the thematic discussions of representative plays.
There may be an additional charge for required field trips.
THR 261   Acting I   3 Units
As an introduction to basic acting techniques, this course will examine
ways to construct the interior, physical, and vocal life of a character, teach
warm-up procedures and staging principles including scene analysis,
performance of monologues, and improvisations. There may be an
additional charge for field trips.
THR 262   Acting II   4 Units
This course is an advanced approach to acting techniques used in
material from contemporary realism and the modern drama era such
as Chekhov and Ibsen. It will include an in-depth study of scene and
character analysis; performance of monologues, improvisations, and
scenes; exercises based on the Meisner technique and other acting
approaches. There may be an additional charge for field trips. Lab time is
included in the schedule. Prerequisite: THR 261 or consent of instructor.
THR 322   Computer Aided Design   3 Units
This course will introduce students to the application of computer
hardware and software for the theatre including instruction and practice
in computer aided design (CAD), computer rendering, and 3D modeling.
Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: THR 210 or consent of instructor.
THR 323 Period Styles of Design 3 Units
Through a survey of historical periods and design styles as they are
applied to theatre, this course will include an examination of architecture,
costumes, furniture, interiors, lighting, ornament, and stage scenery.
Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: THR 210 or consent of instructor.
THR 325   Scenic Design   3 Units
This course will study scenography covering the design of stage settings
and properties including further development of drafting skills for the
theatre. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: THR 210 or consent of instructor.
Offered alternate years.
THR 327   Lighting and Sound Design   3 Units
This course will cover production lighting and sound design, and a
variety of practical applications. Lab fee: $50. Offered alternate years.
Prerequisite: THR 210 or consent of instructor.
THR 329   Costume Design   3 Units
Through the design of theatrical costumes and accessories expressed
through color renderings, this course will include overview of the history
of costume. Lab fee: $50. Prerequisite: THR 210 or consent of instructor.
Offered alternate years.
THR 341 Advanced Script Analysis 3 Units
As an advanced study of selected plays from the standpoint of the
theatre artist (actor, director, designer), this course will look at the
process of translating a dramatic text to theatrical production. An
emphasis will be placed upon the techniques of perception, imagination,
and integration used in developing a concept and determining specific
performance and design choices with the application of analysis
through projects and presentations. Prerequisite: THR 251 or consent of
instructor.
THR 351 Play Direction I 3 Units
This course will introduce students to the following techniques: play
selection and analysis, auditioning, scene design and staging, actor
coaching, rehearsal strategies, and production management. Both the
principles for proscenium and the open stage will be discussed along
with the presentation and evaluation of workshop scenes. Prerequisites:
THR 251 and THR 261 and THR 262 and THR 341 or consent of
instructor.
THR 371   Acting III   4 Units
As an advanced study of theatrical performance techniques and through
the use of in-class workshop experiences, this course will emphasize the
acting of Shakespeare and other period styles including restoration and
theatre of the absurd. It will include exercises, analytical skills, rehearsal
procedures, and methods of artistic criticism. Lab time is included in
the schedule. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.
Prerequisite: THR 262 or consent of instructor.
134 Theology (THL)
THR 381   Acting in Musical Theatre   3 Units
Exploration of the voice, movement, and acting skills necessary to
perform in modern musical plays will be examined in this course as
students participate in workshops, exercises, warm-ups, rehearsal
procedures, and in-class solo and group performances. Prerequisite:
THR 261 or consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.
THR 390   Practicum: Theatre (Theatre Major)   0.5-4 Units
This course, intended for students in the theatre major, is a practical,
hands-on learning experience where student will work on one or more
theatre department productions.
THR 391   Practicum: Theatre (Non Major)   0.5-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience where students will work
on one or more theatre productions.
THR 392   Practicum: Theatre for Musical Theatre Minor   0.5-4 Units
This course, intended for students in the Musical Theatre minor, is a
practical, hands-on learning experience where student will work on one or
more theatre department productions.
THR 441   Theatre and Culture I   3 Units
Through the study of representative plays, this course will examine
the various theatre cultures from the Classical period through the
Renaissance, giving consideration to the theatrical conventions, visual
art, music, and significant historical events of the periods. There may
be an additional charge for required field trips. Prerequisite: THR 251 or
consent of instructor. Offered alternate years.
THR 442   Theatre and Culture II   3 Units
As a continuation of THR 441, this course will examine theatre cultures
from the Renaissance to the present day. There may be an additional
charge for required field trips. Prerequisite: THR 251 or consent of
instructor. Offered alternate years.
THR 451 Play Direction II 3 Units
As a continuation of THR 351, this course will deepen students'
knowledge and skills in the theory and practice of stage directing
including director/designer collaboration; analysis of period style and
genre with application to directors' choices; analysis of modern and
contemporary theories of the stage; and artistic direction and dramaturgy
in the contemporary theatre. Workshop scenes are presented and
evaluated. There may be an additional charge for required field trips.
Prerequisite: THR 351 or consent of instructor.
THR 461 Creative Dramatics 3 Units
With an emphasis upon personal dramatic experience and drama as
process instead of theatrical product, this course will examine the
principles and procedures for utilizing creative dramatics activities as an
instructional tool. Through individual and group movement, sound, and
unscripted exercises, students learn to incorporate dramatic activities in
the classroom, rehearsal hall and a variety of other settings, including an
introduction to puppetry.
THR 471 Acting IV: Acting for the Camera 4 Units
This is a course covering the skills, terms, and concepts that must be
understood in order to create convincing realistic acting performances
in front of a camera. A practical course, students will be assigned a
series of scenes and exercises which will be recorded by equipment
equivalent to what one would encounter in the film and video industry.
A natural outgrowth of the skills learned in Acting I and II, this course
adapts those skills to work in front of the camera. Lab time is included
in the schedule. Prerequisites: THR 251 and THR 261 and THR 262 or
consent of instructor.
THR 489 Business of Entertainment 1 Unit
This course will explore the skills and materials needed for the
professional theatre artist as students create a portfolio, résumé, and
other necessary items to prepare for a career in the arts.
THR 490   Internship: Theatre   1-8 Units
This is an intense, practical experience in a theatre setting that
contributes significantly to the student’s preparation for entrance into
a theatrical profession. Specific tasks will be determined in agreement
with the host of the internship. Approximately forty (40) contact hours are
required for each unit of credit.
THR 498   Senior Showcase   3 Units
This advanced, thesis-style course will require intensive, hands-on
activity at an advanced level under the supervision of a faculty member.
Prerequisites: theatre major, senior status, and application approval by
the theatre faculty (also see Theatre Showcase Guidelines available in the
Theatre Office).
Theology (THL)
THL 105   Life of Christ   3 Units
This course provides an introduction to Christianity through the life and
work of Christ. It begins with the study of Jesus in the Gospels and then
moves into the rest of Scripture. The theological, historical, and cultural
background and significance of Christ will be examined. The unity and
reliability of Scripture will also be addressed. This course is designed
primarily for the student who has had little or no contact with Western
culture, and no formal education or exposure to Christian doctrine and
practice. Departmental approval is required to register for this course.
THL 201 History and Literature of the Old Testament 3 Units
This course will investigate the literature of the Old Testament in light
of its cultural and canonical contexts with an emphasis on its major
theological questions and themes and their relevance for Christian faith
and life.
THL 202 History and Literature of the New Testament 3 Units
Through a historical and literary survey of the New Testament, this course
will emphasize theological themes and their relevance for Christian faith
and life.
THL 222 Christian Witness and Evangelism 1 Unit
This course will introduce students to the theology and practice of
Christian evangelism through the development of the skills needed to
share the Gospel with others within a North American context.
THL 281 Introduction to Worship Arts 1 Unit
This course will provide an overview of the contemporary worship
arts profession and its methods and principles including the study
and evaluation of worship services in churches of various sizes and
denominations; technologies, equipment, and tools that support worship
arts programming; common worship band principles; approaches used in
service planning; and the use of dance, drama, and visual arts.
THL 304 History of the Christian Church 3 Units
This course will survey the origin and development of the Christian
church through the examination of its political and cultural contexts
and influences with special consideration given to theological themes
which surfaced at different times and places throughout the history
of the Christian church, culminating with 21st century trends in
fundamentalism, evangelicalism, and ecumenism.
2023-2024 CUI Catalog 135
THL 311 Old Testament Book of the Bible 3 Units
This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the Old
Testament or several books in their entirety which will vary from offering
to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite: THL 201 or
consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit if a different
book is studied.
THL 312 New Testament Book of the Bible 3 Units
This course will offer an in-depth study of a single book of the New
Testament or several smaller books in their entirety which will vary
from offering to offering and be selected by the instructor. Prerequisite:
THL 202 or consent of instructor. This course may be repeated for credit
if a different book is studied.
THL 351 Patristic and Medieval Christianity 3 Units
With an emphasis on the major themes in the history of Christian thought
beginning with the church fathers, this course will look at the medieval
thinkers and culminate with the work of St. Thomas.
THL 355   The Reformation   3 Units
This course will introduce students to the social, political, and intellectual
context of the various 16th century reformations of the church in Europe
as well as the events, ideas, and implications of these reform movements
with attention given to both the "magisterial" and "radical" Protestant and
Catholic reformations.
THL 358 Contemporary Church History 3 Units
After a survey of the 18th and 19th century, this course will focus on
theological thought after Protestant liberalism and up to the present day
with some time devoted to conservative responses.
THL 368 Lutheran Confessions 3 Units
A study of the Augsburg Confession, The Apology of the Augsburg
Confession, Luther’s Large and Small Catechisms, The Smalcald Articles,
The Treatise on the Power and Primacy of the Pope and the Formula
of Concord in terms of their historical setting and their theological
content. Explores the relationship of the Confessions to Scripture, and the
confessional application of their teaching in the 21st century context.
THL 371   Christian Doctrine and Confessions I   3 Units
This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will
cover theological method, revelation and Scripture, Law and Gospel, the
Triune God and His attributes, humanity and sin, and the person and work
of Jesus Christ as the God-man, with an emphasis on key biblical material
and its expression in the Lutheran Confessions.
THL 372   Christian Doctrine and Confessions II   3 Units
This introductory course in systematic and confessional theology will
cover the work of Christ, the person and the work of the Holy Spirit, the
church and eschatology with an emphasis on key biblical materials and
its expression in the Lutheran Confessions. Prerequisite: THL 371.
THL 381 Worship Arts Ministry 3 Units
This course will look at the theology, methods, and principles for leading
a worship arts ministry including the evaluation and development of
working definitions for 'contemporary' worship; planning worship services
for varied congregational settings; worship ministry in the context of
congregational change; values that shape worship ministry programming;
the role of technology; and the application of a theology of worship in
cultivating a character of leadership.
THL 382 Corporate Worship 3 Units
Through an examination of the theology of corporate worship as it is
taught in Scripture, the Lutheran Confessions, and how it has developed
throughout the history of the church, this course will look at the criteria
for preparing and evaluating worship services in today’s church.
Prerequisite: CTHL 101 or CTHL 200 or equivalent.
THL 390   Practicum: Theology   1-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom
directly related to the student's major, minor or professional program that
is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience.
THL 395 Preparing for Mission and Service 1 Unit
This course focuses on the tasks of Christian witness and service
as aspects of discipleship. It introduces students to theological and
practical skills which are essential for responsible mission work,
especially as that work relates to and is distinguished from service work.
It is a prerequisite for all students who will be participating in Concordia
University Irvine-sponsored mission or service trips.
THL 399A Special Topics in Exegetical Theology 3 Units
This course will examine a special topic in exegetical, systematic, or
historical theology.
THL 399B Special Topics in Systematic Theology 3 Units
This course will examine a special topic in exegetical, systematic, or
historical theology.
THL 399C Special Topics in Historical Theology 3 Units
This course will examine a special topic in exegetical, systematic, or
historical theology.
THL 401   Introduction to Theological Research   2 Units
This course will examine the essential methods and resources for the
academic study of theology with attention given to research methods
for projects that do not require an academic thesis. Procedures for
identifying, proposing, researching, organizing, writing, and defending the
thesis or project will be covered as students are guided in beginning their
research. Students will be provided with a personal copy of Logos Bible
software. Course Software fee: $400.
THL 429 Biblical Theology and Exegesis 3 Units
Through an intensive study of the major themes of the Old and New
Testaments, this course will introduce and apply the tools and principles
of exegesis and hermeneutics with special emphasis on deriving Law
and Gospel principles for use in congregational ministry. Prerequisites:
THL 201 and THL 202 or concurrent enrollment allowed.
THL 430   Christian Apologetics   3 Units
The relationship of the Christian faith to the major philosophies and
ideologies that conflict with Christianity will be evaluated from the 2nd
century to the present in this course. Prerequisite: Junior or senior
standing or consent of instructor.
THL 463   Readings in Classical Christian Thought   3 Units
Selected primary source readings in Western Christianity including
Augustine (Confessions), Life of St. Antony, selected Western mystics, St.
Anselm, St. Thomas Aquinas, Luther, Calvin and Wesley will be studied in
this course. Prerequisite: (CTHL 101 or CTHL 200) and junior standing, or
consent of instructor.
THL 465   Christians and Ethics   3 Units
Through an exploration of morality and ethics in light of what Scripture
teaches, this course will orient students to the main approaches, both
traditional and contemporary, of non-biblical philosophical ethics as
they learn how the Christian faith interacts with these approaches. The
significance of the Lutheran confessional distinction between God's
left and right hand rule will also be explored. Student research and
presentations on contemporary ethical issues are usually included.
Prerequisite: (CTHL 101 or CTHL 200) and junior standing, or consent of
instructor.
136 Writing (WRT)
THL 481   The Mission of Christ’s Church   3 Units
This course will provide an overview of the theology and practice of
Christian missions including the historical development, missionary
methods, evangelism programs, and paradigm shifts, to develop the skills
needed to share the Gospel with others.
Writing (WRT)
WRT 099 Introduction to College Writing 3 Units
In this course students will strengthen their writing skills so they become
comfortable and competent writing essays on the college level. Class
meetings will be dedicated to reading and analyzing essays and articles;
reviewing functional grammar and sentence skills; writing coherent, welldeveloped paragraphs and essays; and learning essential research and
documentation techniques. A final grade of C- or higher must be achieved
to pass the course. Units do not count toward graduation.
WRT 102 Writing and Research 3 Units
In this course students will practice research methods and a variety
of writing strategies such as narration, description, exposition,
argumentation, and develop skills as critical thinkers, readers, and
writers through research, reading, writing, and writer workshops. Must be
completed with a grade of C- or better.
WRT 201 The Art of the Essay 3 Units
In this course students will explore the aesthetic range of the essay by
reading selected works from a variety of authors examining them not only
as objects for analysis, but also as models for stylistic experiments as
students practice the art of the essay.
WRT 223 Introduction to Genre and Craft in Creative Writing 3 Units
As a multi-genre introduction to the craft of creative writing, this course
will examine literary conventions as well as the writing techniques and
tools essential to effective writing and editing. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or
WRT 201 or equivalent.
WRT 324 Writing for Children and Teenagers 3 Units
As an introductory course to the art and craft of writing for young
audiences, students will read, analyze and write both fiction and
nonfiction pieces. The course includes market analysis techniques
and the submission of work for publication. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or
WRT 201 or equivalent.
WRT 327 Creative Writing: Fiction 3 Units
This course will involve a sustained exploration of the creative process
in writing fiction as students complete several short stories, perform
close analysis of published works, and participate in writing workshops.
Offered alternate years. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or WRT 201.
WRT 328 Creative Writing: Poetry 3 Units
This course is designed to sharpen students' awareness of and skill
in using the elements of poetry. Students will complete a number of
original poems in a variety of traditional and contemporary forms and
styles. This class will discuss their own creative work and a wide variety
of anthologized poetry in a workshop setting. Offered alternate years.
Prerequisite: WRT 102 or WRT 201.
WRT 329 Creative Nonfiction 3 Units
An examination and discussion of the art and craft of contemporary
nonfiction, practice in a variety of genres. Course includes market
analysis techniques and the submission of work for publication. Offered
alternate years. Prerequisite: WRT 102 or WRT 201.
WRT 330 Travel Writing 3 Units
This intense, creative, nonfiction writing course will combine with
ethnographic research, blogging, and backpack journalism as students
write about thirty-five (35) pages of essays, profiles, literary journalism,
and reviews that will be published weekly on a blog together with photos
and video content. Assignments will require students to observe and
engage with people in various countries where they are volunteering and
studying.
WRT 333 Topics in Creative Writing 3 Units
As a focused exploration of genre and subject matter in a workshop
setting. Possible topics include nature writing, travel writing, and
experimental writing. Course may be repeated for elective credit.
Prerequisite: (WRT 102 or WRT 201 or equivalent) and (CENG 201 or
CENG 301 or equivalent).
WRT 337 Writing for the Stage and Screen 3 Units
An introductory course to the art of writing dramatic works through the
exploration of dramatic writing techniques through writing practice,
close analysis of published works, and student workshops. Prerequisite:
WRT 102 or WRT 201.
WRT 390 Practicum: Journalism Writing 1-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom
directly related to the student's major, minor, or professional program that
is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience.
WRT 392 Practicum: The Writing Studio 1-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom
directly related to the student's major, minor, or professional program that
is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience.
WRT 393 Practicum: The Aerie 1-4 Units
This course is a practical, hands-on experience outside the classroom
directly related to the student's major, minor, or professional program that
is a beneficial complement to the student's academic experience.
WRT 427 Advanced Creative Writing 3 Units
This capstone course will provide students with an opportunity to write
more intensively and extensively through the creation of new work and
revising previously written work in a workshop setting. Offered alternate
years. Prerequisites: Junior or Senior standing; (WRT 102 or WRT 201)
and (one three-unit WRT 300-level course, practicums excluded), or
consent of instructor.
WRT 490 Internship: Journalism Writing 1-8 Units
This is an intense, practical, full- or part-time experience outside the
classroom that is an integral part of a professional program, contributing
significantly to the student's preparation for entrance into a profession.
Approximately forty (40) contact hours are required for each unit of
credit. Each department may limit the maximum number of internship
credit.